item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary we are one of the world's leading professional services companies. we are in business to help our customers adapt, compete and grow in the face of continual shifts and disruptions within their markets. we do so by partnering with them to apply technology to transform their business, operating, and technology models, allowing them to achieve the full value of digitizing their entire enterprises. we call this being "digital at scale." when implemented, it enables customers to achieve more efficient and effective operations while reshaping their business models for innovation and growth. our industry-based, consultative approach helps customers envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. our core competencies include: business, process, operations and technology consulting, application development and systems integration, enterprise information management, application testing, application maintenance, information technology, or it, infrastructure services, and business process services. we tailor our services and solutions to specific industries and use an integrated global delivery model that employs customer service teams based at customer locations and delivery teams located at dedicated global and regional delivery centers.
our objective is to create value for both our customers and stockholders by enhancing our position as a leading professional services company in the digital era. our digital services and solutions are designed to help our customers win in the digital economy by applying technology and analytics to change consumer experiences to drive sustainable growth, deploying systems of intelligence to automate and improve core business processes, and improving technology systems by deploying cloud and cyber security solutions and as-a-service models to make them simpler, more modern and secure. to accelerate our shift to digital services and solutions, we are deploying the following strategies:
•   aligning our digital services and solutions along three practice areas - digital business, digital operations and digital systems and technology - to address the needs of our customers as they transform their business and technology models.
•   investing to scale these digital practice areas across our business segments and geographies, including through extensive training and re-skilling of our existing technical teams, expansion of our local workforces in the united states and other markets around the world where we operate and pursuit of select strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, investments and alliances that can expand our intellectual property portfolio, industry expertise, geographic reach, and platform and technology capabilities.
•   continuing to develop of our core business, which includes application services, it infrastructure and business process services. our customers often look for efficiencies in the running of their core operations to help them fund investments in new digital capabilities. we work with them to analyze and identify opportunities for advanced automation and delivery efficiencies. additionally, we seek to expand the geographic reach of our core portfolio of services.
•   selectively targeting higher margin work within our core business and unifying our delivery capabilities to allow for more cost-conscious delivery. we are leveraging automation and scale, improving our utilization and optimizing our pyramid.
we believe the above strategies, combined with improving the overall efficiency of our operations, will enable us to gradually expand our non-gaap operating margins1 with the goal of achieving 22% non-gaap operating margin1 in 2019. there can be no assurances that we will be successful in achieving this plan or that other factors beyond our control, including the various risks described in part i, item 1a. risk factors, will not cause us to fail to achieve the targeted improvements.
in 2017, we began a realignment of our business by executing on the above strategies and improving the overall efficiency of our operations while continuing to drive revenue growth. as part of this realignment plan, we incurred expenses of $72 million in 2017, which are reported in "selling, general and administrative expenses" in our consolidated statements of operations, and are comprised of severance costs, including costs related to a voluntary separation program, or vsp, lease termination costs and advisory fees related to non-routine shareholder matters and to the development of our realignment and return of capital programs. the costs related to the realignment are excluded from non-gaap operating margin1 and non-gaap diluted earnings per share1. we believe the majority of the costs related to the realignment have already been incurred, although we anticipate that we may incur additional realignment costs in 2018.
1   non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap earnings per share are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
in february 2017 we announced a plan to return $3.4 billion to our stockholders over a two-year period. during 2017, as part of this plan, we entered into multiple accelerated stock repurchase agreements, collectively referred to as the asr, to repurchase $1.8 billion of stock and, in may 2017, initiated a quarterly cash dividend. during 2017, we paid dividends totaling $265 million and, in february 2018, increased our quarterly dividend to $0.20 per share. on an ongoing basis, we review our capital return plan, considering our financial performance and liquidity position, investments required to execute our strategic initiatives, the economic outlook, regulatory changes and other relevant factors. accordingly, we are currently evaluating the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act, or tax reform act, on our capital return plan.
the following table sets forth a summary of our financial results for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
other financial information2
•   solid performance in our communications, media and technology (previously referred to as other), products and resources (previously referred to as manufacturing/retail/logistics) and healthcare business segments with revenue growth of 17.7%, 14.3% and 10.1%, respectively;
•   revenues in our financial services business segment grew 5.0% as certain banking customers continue to focus on optimizing their cost structure and managing their discretionary spending;
•   sustained strength in the north american market where revenues grew 8.6%;
•   continued penetration of the european and rest of world (primarily asia pacific) markets:
◦   in europe, we experienced revenue growth of 11.8% after a negative currency impact of 1.2%. specifically, revenues from our rest of europe customers, including revenues from our newly acquired strategic customers, increased 28.8% inclusive of a positive currency impact of 2.0%, while within the united kingdom we experienced a decrease in revenues of 2.2% after a negative currency impact of 3.8%. revenue growth in the united kingdom was negatively affected by weakness in the banking sector in that country;
◦   revenues from our rest of world customers increased 20.9%;
•   increased customer spending on discretionary projects;
•   expansion of our service offerings, including consulting and digital services, next-generation it solutions and platform-based solutions;
•   continued expansion of the market for global delivery of technology and business process services; and
•   increased penetration at existing customers, including strategic customers.
our customers seek to apply digital technologies to transform the way they engage with customers and employees, and to develop innovative products and services and bring them quickly to market. companies are also eager to automate additional aspects of their business to improve their cost structures and increase the quality and velocity of their operations. increasingly, the relative emphasis among our customers is shifting towards investment and innovation, as reflected in accelerated demand for our digital services. we also saw an increase in demand for larger, more complex projects, including managed services contracts, which are transformational for our customers. such contracts may have longer sales cycles and ramp-up periods and could lead to greater variability in our period to period operating results.
2   non-gaap income from operations and non-gaap diluted earnings per share are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
in 2017, our operating margin decreased to 16.8% from 17.0% in 2016, while our non-gaap operating margin increased to 19.7%3 from 19.5%3 in 2016. the decrease in our gaap operating margin was due to increases in compensation and benefit costs, the impact of realignment charges and an increase in depreciation expense, partially offset by efficiencies of leveraging our cost structure over a larger organization and a reduction in immigration costs. the increase in our non-gaap operating margin was due to efficiencies of leveraging our cost structure over a larger organization and a reduction in immigration costs, partially offset by increases in compensation and benefit costs and an increase in depreciation expense.
on december 22, 2017, the united states enacted the tax reform act, which significantly revised the u.s. corporate income tax law for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017 by (among other provisions):
•   reducing the u.s. federal statutory corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% for tax years beginning after december 31, 2017;
•   implementing a modified territorial tax system that includes a one-time transition tax on all accumulated undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries; and
•   providing for a full deduction on future dividends received from foreign affiliates.
as a result of the enactment of the tax reform act, our historical and future foreign earnings are no longer subject to u.s. federal income taxes upon repatriation beyond the one-time transition tax. we therefore reevaluated our assertion that our non-u.s. earnings would be indefinitely reinvested and concluded that our indian earnings will continue to be indefinitely reinvested while the accumulated undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, other than our indian subsidiaries, are now available for repatriation to the united states. during the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded a one-time provisional net income tax expense of $617 million, which is comprised of: (i) the one-time transition tax expense on accumulated undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries of $635 million, (ii) foreign and u.s. state income tax expense that will be applicable upon repatriation of the accumulated undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, other than our indian subsidiaries, of $53 million, partially offset by (iii) an income tax benefit of $71 million resulting from the revaluation of u.s. net deferred income tax liabilities to the new lower u.s. income tax rate. the one-time incremental income tax expense is provisional as it reflects certain assumptions based upon our interpretation of the tax reform act as of january 18, 2018 and may change, possibly materially, as we receive additional clarification and guidance and as the interpretation of the tax reform act evolves over time.
our effective income tax rate for 2017 was 43.4% as compared to 34.2% in 2016. our 2017 effective income tax rate included a negative impact of 23.2% of pretax earnings due to the tax reform act. our 2016 effective income tax rate included a negative impact of 10.1% of pretax earnings due to the one-time tax adjustment relating to the india cash remittance.
for the years 2018 through 2020, we expect our effective income tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 26%, excluding the impact of discrete items, if any. our projected effective income tax rates incorporate the anticipated impact of the tax reform act, assumptions regarding our future earnings and their geographic mix, management's assessment of tax law in the various jurisdictions in which we operate and other risks and uncertainties. as such, our effective income tax rate projections are subject to change, possibly materially, due to changes in underlying estimates and assumptions, changes in tax law and guidance that may be issued, actions the company may take as a result of these developments, as well as other factors that may be beyond our control.
as previously disclosed, the company is conducting an internal investigation focused on whether certain payments relating to company-owned facilities in india were made improperly and in possible violation of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, or fcpa, and other applicable laws. the investigation is also examining various other payments made in small amounts in india that may not have complied with company policy or applicable law. in september 2016, we voluntarily notified the department of justice, or doj, and the securities and exchange commission, or sec, and are cooperating fully with both agencies. the investigation is being conducted under the oversight of the audit committee, with the assistance of outside counsel. to date, the investigation has identified a total of approximately $6 million in payments made between 2009 and 2016 that may have been improper. in the second half of 2016, we recorded an out-of-period correction related to $4 million of such payments that had been previously capitalized that should have been expensed. there were no adjustments recorded during 2017 related to the amounts under investigation.
3   non-gaap operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
in 2016, there were putative securities class action complaints filed, naming us and certain of our current and former officers as defendants and alleging violations of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or the exchange act, based on allegedly false or misleading statements related to potential violations of the fcpa, our business, prospects and operations, and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. additionally, in 2017 and 2016, putative shareholder derivative complaints were filed, naming us, certain of our current and former directors and certain of our current and former officers as defendants. see the section titled "part i, item 3. legal proceedings."
in 2017, we incurred $36 million in costs related to the fcpa investigation and related lawsuits in addition to the $27 million we incurred in 2016. we expect to continue to incur expenses related to these matters in 2018.
we finished the year with approximately 260,000 employees, which is a decrease of approximately 200 over the prior year end. annualized turnover, including both voluntary and involuntary, was approximately 17.9% for the three months ended december 31, 2017. the majority of our turnover occurs in india. as a result, annualized attrition rates in the united states and europe are below our global attrition rate. in addition, attrition is weighted towards the more junior members of our staff.
during 2018, barring any unforeseen events, we expect the following factors to affect our business and our operating results:
•   demand from our customers for digital services;
•   our customers' dual mandate of simultaneously achieving cost savings while investing in transformation and innovation;
•   continued focus by customers on directing technology spending towards cost containment projects, such as application maintenance, infrastructure services and business process services;
•   secular changes driven by evolving digital technologies and regulatory changes, including potential regulatory changes with respect to immigration and taxes;
•   demand from our healthcare customers may continue to be affected by the uncertainty in the regulatory environment;
•   demand from certain banking customers may continue to be negatively affected by their continued focus on optimizing their cost structure and managing their discretionary spending;
•   discretionary spending by our retail customers may continue to be affected by weakness in the retail sector;
•   legal fees and other expenses related to the internal investigation and related matters as described above; and
•   volatility in foreign currency rates.
in response to this environment, we plan to:
•   continue to invest in our digital practice areas of focus across industries and geographies;
•   continue to invest in our talent base, including through local hiring and re-skilling, and new service offerings, including digital technologies and new delivery models;
•   partner with our existing customers to garner an increased portion of our customers' overall technology spend by providing innovative solutions;
•   focus on growing our business in europe, the middle east, asia pacific and latin america, where we believe there are opportunities to gain market share;
•   increase our strategic customer base across all of our business segments;
•   pursue strategic acquisition opportunities that we believe add new technologies, including digital technologies, or platforms that complement our existing services, improve our overall service delivery capabilities, and/or expand our geographic presence; and
•   focus on operating discipline in order to appropriately manage our cost structure.
business segments our reportable segments are:
•   financial services, which consists of our banking and insurance operating segments;
•   products and resources (previously referred to as manufacturing/retail/logistics), which consists of our retail and consumer goods, manufacturing and logistics, travel and hospitality, and energy and utilities operating segments; and
•   communications, media and technology (previously referred to as other), which includes our communications and media operating segment and our technology operating segment.
our chief operating decision maker evaluates cognizant's performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and operating profit. segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. generally, operating expenses for each operating segment have similar characteristics and are subject to the same factors, pressures and challenges. however, the economic environment and its effects on industries served by our operating groups may affect revenues and operating expenses to different degrees. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as a per seat charge for use of the global delivery centers. certain selling, general and administrative expenses, excess or shortfall of incentive compensation for delivery personnel as compared to target, stock-based compensation expense, costs related to our realignment program, a portion of depreciation and amortization and the impact of the settlements of our cash flow hedges are not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the chief operating decision maker. accordingly, such expenses are excluded from segment operating profit.
we provide a significant volume of services to many customers in each of our business segments. therefore, a loss of a significant customer or a few significant customers in a particular segment could materially reduce revenues for that segment. however, no individual customer accounted for sales in excess of 10% of our consolidated revenues during 2017, 2016 or 2015. in addition, the services we provide to our larger customers are often critical to the operations of such customers and we believe that a termination of our services would require an extended transition period with gradually declining revenues.
results of operations for the three years ended december 31, 2017
the following table sets forth certain financial data for the three years ended december 31, 2017:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
income before provision for income taxes                                           2,655                         17.9           2,357                    17.5           2,164                    17.4             298                   193
provision for income taxes                                                        (1,153        )                                (805   )                                (540   )                                (348    )             (265    )
income from equity method investment                                                   2                                            1                                       -                                       1                     1
other financial information (2)
(2)   non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share are not measurements of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
revenues - overall. revenues increased by 9.8% during 2017 as compared to an increase of 8.6% in 2016. the increases in revenues in 2017 and 2016 were primarily attributed to services related to the integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models to align with shifts in consumer preferences, increased customer spending on discretionary projects, continued interest in using our global delivery model as a means to reduce overall technology and operations costs and continued penetration in all our geographic markets. revenues from new customers contributed $208 million and $220 million, representing 15.7% and 20.5% of the year-over-year revenue growth for 2017 and
2016, respectively. in 2017, our consulting and technology services revenues increased by 10.9% and represented 58.1% of total 2017 revenues, while our outsourcing services revenues increased by 8.4% and constituted 41.9% of total revenues. in 2016, consulting and technology services revenues increased by 8.6% and represented 57.5% of total 2016 revenues, while our outsourcing services revenues increased by 8.7% and constituted 42.5% of total 2016 revenues.
we increased the number of strategic customers by 28 during the year, bringing the total number of our strategic customers to 357. we define a strategic customer as one offering the potential to generate at least $5 million to $50 million or more in annual revenues at maturity. revenues from our top customers as a percentage of total revenues were as follows:
for the years ended december 31,
top five customers         8.9      %          10.0      %          11.0      %
top ten customers         14.9      %          16.7      %          18.6      %
as we continue to add new customers and increase our penetration at existing customers, we expect the percentage of revenues from our top five and top ten customers to continue to decline over time.
revenues - reportable segments. revenues by reportable business segment were as follows:
financial services                            $5,636              $5,366              $5,003                $270          5.0            $363          7.3
products and resources                         3,040               2,660               2,344                 380         14.3             316         13.5
communications, media and technology           1,871               1,590               1,401                 281         17.7             189         13.5
financial services revenues from our financial services segment grew 5.0% in 2017. growth was stronger among our insurance customers, where revenues increased by $191 million as compared to an increase of $79 million from our banking customers. in this segment, revenues from customers added during 2017 were $56 million and represented 20.7% of the year-over-year revenues increase in this segment. key areas of focus for our financial services customers included the adoption and integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models, cost optimization, robotic process automation, cyber security and vendor consolidation. demand from certain banking customers may continue to be negatively affected by their continued focus on optimizing their cost structure and managing their discretionary spending.
revenues from our financial services segment grew 7.3% in 2016. in 2016, growth was stronger among our insurance customers, where revenues increased by $202 million as compared to an increase of $161 million from our banking customers. in 2016, revenues from customers added during that year was $64 million and represented 17.6% of the year-over-year revenues increase in this segment. in 2016, demand from certain of our banking customers was negatively affected by the macroeconomic conditions affecting the industry, including a sustained low interest rate environment and the weakening of the british pound due to the results of the june 2016 united kingdom referendum to exit the european union, or brexit referendum.
healthcare revenues from our healthcare segment grew 10.1% in 2017. within this segment, revenues increased by $279 million from our healthcare customers as compared to an increase of $113 million among our life sciences customers. revenues from customers added during 2017 were $40 million and represented 10.2% of the year-over-year revenue increase in this segment. the increase in revenues from our life sciences customers was driven by a growing demand for a broader range of services, including business process services, advanced data analytics and solutions that span multiple service lines while leveraging cloud technologies and platforms. the demand for our services among healthcare customers continues to be affected by uncertainty in the regulatory environment. we believe that in the long term the healthcare industry continues to present a significant growth opportunity due to factors that are transforming the industry, including the changing regulatory environment, increasing focus on medical costs, and the consumerization of healthcare.
revenues from our healthcare segment grew 5.5% in 2016. in 2016, our life sciences and healthcare customers contributed $139 million and $64 million, respectively, to the year-over-year revenue growth. in 2016, revenues from
customers added during that year were $50 million and represented 24.6% of the year-over-year revenues increase in this segment. the 2016 increase in revenues from our life sciences customers was driven by a growing demand for a broader range of services, including business process services, advanced data analytics and solutions that span multiple service lines while leveraging cloud technologies and platforms.
products and resources (previously referred to as manufacturing/retail/logistics)
revenues from our products and resources segment grew 14.3% in 2017. revenue growth in this segment was strongest among our energy and utilities customers and manufacturing and logistic customers, where revenues increased by a combined $326 million, including revenues from new strategic customers acquired in the fourth quarter of 2016. revenues from our retail and consumer goods customers and travel and hospitality customers increased by a combined $54 million. revenues from customers added during 2017 were $85 million and represented 22.4% of the year-over-year revenues increase in this segment. demand within this segment continues to be driven by increased adoption of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models, as well as growing demand for analytics, supply chain consulting, implementation initiatives, smart products, transformation of business models, internet of things and omni channel commerce implementation and integration services. discretionary spending by our retail customers has been and may continue to be affected by weakness in the retail sector.
revenues from our products and resources segment grew 13.5% in 2016. during 2016, our energy and utilities customers and manufacturing and logistic customers contributed $186 million to the year-over-year growth as compared to $130 million for our retail and consumer goods customers and travel and hospitality customers. in 2016, revenues from customers added during that year were $71 million and represented 22.5% of the year over year revenue increase in this segment. demand within this segment in 2016 was primarily driven by the same factors that contributed to the 2017 revenue growth.
communications, media and technology (previously referred to as other)
revenues from our communications, media and technology segment grew 17.7% in 2017. in 2017, revenue growth was $154 million among our communications and media customers and $127 million among our technology customers. revenues from customers added during 2017 were $27 million and represented 9.6% of the year-over-year revenues increase in this segment. growth within this segment was driven by the increased adoption of digital technologies, digital content operations, services to help our customers balance rationalizing costs while creating a differentiated user experience and an expanded range of services, such as business process services.
revenues from our communications, media and technology segment grew 13.5% in 2016. in 2016, growth within this segment was driven by the increased adoption of digital technologies, platform engineering for cloud solutions and an expanded range of services, such as business process services. revenue growth in this segment was strong among our communications and media customers, where revenues increased by $99 million, and our technology customers, where revenues increased by $90 million. revenues from customers added during 2016 were $35 million and represented 18.5% of the year-over-year revenues increase in this segment.
revenues - geographic locations. revenues by geographic market, as determined by customer location, were as follows:
united kingdom           1,150               1,176               1,188                 (26   )        (2.2   )             (12   )        (1.0   )
north america continues to be our largest market, representing 77.3% of total 2017 revenues and 68.3% of total revenue growth in 2017. the increase in revenues in 2017 in this region was primarily attributed to services related to the integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models to align with shifts in consumer preferences, increased customer spending on discretionary projects and continued interest in using our global delivery model as a means to reduce overall technology and operations costs. in 2017, revenue growth in europe and rest of world markets was driven by an increase in demand for an expanded range of services, such as business process services and customer adoption
and integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models. revenues from our customers in europe grew 11.8% after a negative currency impact of 1.2%. specifically, revenues from our rest of europe customers, including revenues from our newly acquired strategic customers, increased 28.8% inclusive of a positive currency impact of 2.0%, while within the united kingdom we experienced a decrease in revenues of 2.2% after a negative currency impact of 3.8%. revenue growth in the united kingdom was negatively affected by weakness in the banking sector in that country. revenues from our rest of world customers grew 20.9%, primarily driven by the australia and india markets. we believe that europe, the middle east, asia pacific and latin america will continue to be areas of significant investment for us as we see these regions as long term growth opportunities.
in 2016, north america was also our largest market, representing 78.2% of total revenues and 73.5% of total revenue growth. revenue growth in europe and rest of world markets was driven by an increase in demand for an expanded range of services, such as business process services and customer adoption and integration of digital technologies that are reshaping our customers' business and operating models. revenues from our customers in europe grew 6.8%, after a negative currency impact of 6.5%. specifically, within the united kingdom, we experienced a decline in revenues of 1.0%, after a negative currency impact of 10.0% while revenues from our rest of europe customers increased 18.2% after a negative currency impact of 1.4%. revenue growth from our united kingdom and rest of europe customers was negatively affected by macroeconomic conditions, including the weakening of the british pound and uncertainty in the markets due to the result of the brexit referendum. revenues from our rest of world customers grew 22.7% after a negative currency impact of 2.5% and were primarily driven by the india, singapore, australia, japan and hong kong markets.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense). our cost of revenues consists primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, project-related immigration and travel expenses for technical personnel and subcontracting costs related to revenues. our cost of revenues increased by 12.9% during 2017 as compared to an increase of 9.0% during 2016. in 2017, the increase was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefits costs of $953 million and increases in certain professional service costs. in 2016, the increase was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefits costs (partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation costs) of $508 million and increases in certain professional service costs, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar and realized gains on settlement of cash flow hedges in 2016 as compared to losses in 2015.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, incentive-based compensation, stock-based compensation expense, employee benefits, immigration, travel, marketing, communications, management, finance, administrative and occupancy costs. selling, general and administrative expenses, including depreciation and amortization, increased by 2.8% during 2017 as compared to an increase of 9.0% during 2016. selling, general and administrative expenses, including depreciation and amortization, decreased as a percentage of revenues to 21.5% in 2017 as compared to 22.9% in 2016 and 22.8% in 2015. in 2017, the decrease as a percentage of revenues was due primarily to a decrease in compensation and benefit costs and a decrease in immigration expense, partially offset by increases in certain operating and professional service costs and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions. in 2016, the increase as a percentage of revenues was due primarily to an increase in compensation and benefit costs (excluding incentive-based compensation), certain professional service costs and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation costs, the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar and realized gains on the settlement of cash flow hedges in 2016 as compared to losses in 2015. in 2017 and 2016, we incurred $36 million and $27 million, respectively, in costs related to the fcpa investigation and related lawsuits.
income from operations and operating margin - overall. income from operations increased 8.4% in 2017 as compared to an increase of 6.9% in 2016. our operating margin decreased to 16.8% of revenues in 2017 from 17.0% of revenues in 2016, due to increases in compensation and benefit costs, the impact of realignment charges and an increase in depreciation expense, partially offset by efficiencies of leveraging our cost structure over a larger organization and a reduction in immigration costs. in 2016, operating margin decreased to 17.0% of revenues from 17.3% of revenues in 2015, due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (excluding incentive-based compensation), increases in certain professional service costs and increases in depreciation and amortization due to recent acquisitions, partially offset by the impact of lower incentive-based compensation in 2016, the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar, and realized gains on settlement of cash flow hedges in 2016 as compared to losses in 2015. excluding the impact of applicable designated cash flow hedges, the appreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar negatively impacted our operating margin by approximately 58 basis points or 0.58 percentage points in 2017, while in 2016 the depreciation of the indian rupee against the u.s. dollar positively impacted our operating margin by approximately 90 basis points or 0.90 percentage points. each additional 1.0% change in exchange rate between the indian rupee and the u.s. dollar will have the effect of moving our operating margin by approximately 19 basis points or 0.19 percentage points.
we have entered into foreign exchange forward contracts to hedge certain indian rupee denominated payments in india. these hedges are intended to mitigate the volatility of the changes in the exchange rate between the u.s. dollar and the indian rupee. during the year ended december 31, 2017, the settlement of certain cash flow hedges positively impacted our operating margin by approximately 87 basis points or 0.87 percentage points as compared to a positive impact of approximately 13 basis points or 0.13 percentage points in 2016 and a negative impact of approximately 57 basis points or 0.57 percentage points in 2015.
for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our non-gaap operating margins were 19.7%4, 19.5%4 and 19.7%4, respectively. as set forth in the "non-gaap financial measures" section below, our non-gaap operating margin excludes stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related charges and, in 2017, realignment charges.
our most significant costs are the salaries and related benefits for our programming staff and other professionals. in certain regions, competition for professionals with advanced technical skills necessary to perform our services has caused wages to increase at a rate greater than the general rate of inflation. as with other service providers in our industry, we must adequately anticipate wage increases, particularly on our fixed-price and transaction- or volume-based priced contracts. historically, we have experienced increases in compensation and benefit costs in india; however, this has not had a material impact on our results of operations as we have been able to absorb such cost increases through cost management strategies, such as managing discretionary costs, the mix of professional staff and utilization levels, and achieving other operating efficiencies. there can be no assurance that we will be able to offset such cost increases in the future.
segment operating profit. segment operating profits were as follows:
financial services                        $1,636              $1,707              $1,642              $(71   )        (4.2   )           $65            4.0
products and resources                       868                 851                 803                17             2.0                48            6.0
communications, media and technology         565                 488                 453                77            15.8                35            7.7
total segment operating profit             4,373               4,199               4,098               174             4.1               101            2.5
less: unallocated costs                    1,892               1,910               1,956               (18   )        (0.9   )           (46   )       (2.4   )
in 2017, in our financial services, products and resources, and communications, media and technology business segments, operating profits decreased as a percentage of revenues due to increases in compensation and benefits costs, investments to accelerate our shift to digital, including re-skilling of service delivery personnel, and the negative impact of the appreciation of various currencies, including the indian rupee, against the u.s. dollar. our financial services segment's operating profit was negatively impacted by weakness in the banking sector as certain customers focused on optimizing their cost structure and managing their discretionary spending. the segment operating profit of our healthcare business segment increased as a percentage of revenues, benefiting from lower losses on certain fixed-price contracts with customers in 2017.
in 2016, across all our segments, segment operating profit decreased as a percentage of revenues due to increases in compensation and benefit costs (excluding incentive-based compensation), increases in certain professional service costs and continued investments to grow our business, partially offset by the favorable impact of the depreciation of the indian rupee versus the u.s. dollar. the operating profit in our healthcare segment was further impacted by a loss on a fixed-price contract with a customer of $27 million. in 2016, the unallocated costs decreased when compared to 2015 primarily due to lower incentive-based compensation accrual rates in 2016 compared to 2015.
4   non-gaap operating margin is not a measurement of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. see "non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
other income (expense), net. total other income (expense), net consists primarily of foreign currency exchange gains and (losses), interest income and interest expense. the following table sets forth total other income (expense), net for the years ended december 31:
foreign currency exchange gains (losses)                                                   $90              $(27   )          $(43   )          $117                 $16
(losses) on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments       (23   )            (3   )             -               (20    )             (3    )
foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net                                               67               (30   )           (43   )            97                  13
the foreign currency exchange gains (losses) in all the years presented were primarily attributable to the remeasurement of the indian rupee denominated net monetary assets and liabilities in our u.s. dollar functional currency india subsidiaries as well as the remeasurement of other net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of our subsidiaries. the losses on foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments relate to the realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign exchange forward contracts entered into primarily to offset foreign currency exposure to the indian rupee and other non-u.s. dollar denominated net monetary assets and liabilities. as of december 31, 2017, the notional value of our undesignated hedges was $255 million. the increases in interest income in 2017 and 2016 were primarily attributed to increases in average invested balances.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes was $1,153 million in 2017, $805 million in 2016 and $540 million in 2015. the effective income tax rate increased to 43.4% in 2017 from 34.2% in 2016 and 25.0% in 2015. our 2017 effective income tax rate included a negative impact of 23.2% of pre-tax earnings due to the tax reform act. our 2016 effective income tax rate included a negative impact of 10.1% of pre-tax earnings due to the one-time tax adjustment relating to the india cash remittance.
for the years 2018 through 2020, we expect our effective income tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 26%, excluding the impact of discrete items, if any. our projected effective income tax rates incorporate the anticipated impact of the tax reform act, assumptions regarding our future earnings and their geographic mix, management's assessment of tax law in the various jurisdictions in which we operate and other risks and uncertainties. as such, our effective income tax rate projections are subject to change, possibly materially, due to changes in underlying estimates and assumptions, changes in tax law and guidance that may be issued, actions the company may take as a result of these developments, as well as other factors that may be beyond our control.
in may 2016, india enacted the finance bill 2016 that, among other things, expanded the applicability of india's buyback distribution tax to certain share buyback transactions occurring after june 1, 2016. in mid-may, prior to the june 1, 2016 effective date of the enactment, our principal operating subsidiary in india repurchased shares from its shareholders, which are non-indian cognizant entities, valued at $2.8 billion. this transaction, or the india cash remittance, was undertaken pursuant to a plan approved by the high court of madras and simplified the shareholding structure of our principal operating subsidiary in india. pursuant to the transaction, our principal indian operating subsidiary repurchased approximately $1.2 billion of the total $2.8 billion of shares from its u.s. shareholders, resulting in incremental tax expense, while the remaining $1.6 billion was repurchased from its shareholder outside the united states. net of taxes, the transaction resulted in a remittance of cash to the united states in the amount of $1.0 billion. as a result of this transaction, we incurred an incremental 2016 income tax expense of $238 million.
net income. net income was $1,504 million in 2017, $1,553 million in 2016 and $1,624 million in 2015. net income as a percentage of revenues decreased to 10.2% in 2017 from 11.5% in 2016 primarily due to the incremental income tax expense related to the tax reform act in 2017. in 2016, net income as a percentage of revenues decreased to 11.5% from 13.1% in 2015 primarily due to the incremental income tax expense related to the india cash remittance.
non-gaap financial measures portions of our disclosure, including the following table, include non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin, and non-gaap diluted earnings per share. these non-gaap financial measures are not based on any comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap, and may be different from non-gaap measures used by other companies. in addition, these non-gaap measures should be read in conjunction with our financial statements prepared in accordance with gaap. the reconciliations of cognizant's non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap measures should be carefully evaluated.
our non-gaap income from operations and non-gaap operating margin exclude stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related charges and, in 2017, realignment charges. our definition of non-gaap diluted earnings per share excludes net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses, the effect of recognition in the first quarter of 2017 of an income tax benefit previously unrecognized in our consolidated financial statements related to a specific uncertain tax position, the impact of the one-time incremental income tax expense related to the tax reform act in 2017 and the impact of a one-time incremental income tax expense related to the india cash remittance in 2016, in addition to excluding stock-based compensation expense, acquisition-related charges and, in 2017, realignment charges. our non-gaap diluted earnings per share is additionally adjusted for the income tax impact of the above items, as applicable. the income tax impact of each item is calculated by applying the statutory rate and local tax regulations in the jurisdiction in which the item was incurred.
we believe providing investors with an operating view consistent with how we manage the company provides enhanced transparency into the operating results of the company. for our internal management reporting and budgeting purposes, we use non-gaap financial measures for financial and operational decision making, to evaluate period-to-period comparisons, to determine portions of the compensation for our executive officers and for making comparisons of our operating results to those of our competitors. therefore, it is our belief that the use of non-gaap financial measures excluding these costs provides a meaningful supplemental measure for investors to evaluate our financial performance. accordingly, we believe that the presentation of non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share, when read in conjunction with our reported gaap results, can provide useful supplemental information to our management and investors regarding financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and results of operations.
a limitation of using non-gaap financial measures versus financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap is that non-gaap measures do not reflect all of the amounts associated with our operating results as determined in accordance with gaap and exclude costs that are recurring, namely stock-based compensation expense, certain acquisition-related charges, and net non-operating foreign currency exchange gains or losses. in addition, other companies may calculate non-gaap financial measures differently than us, thereby limiting the usefulness of these non-gaap financial measures as a comparative tool. we compensate for these limitations by providing specific information regarding the gaap amounts excluded from non-gaap income from operations, non-gaap operating margin and non-gaap diluted earnings per share to allow investors to evaluate such non-gaap financial measures.
the following table presents a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to the most comparable gaap measure for the years ended december 31:
(dollars in millions, except per share data)
add: acquisition-related charges (2)                                                         138                      0.9              130                      0.9              116                  0.9
add: realignment charges (3)                                                                  72                      0.5                -                        -                -                    -
effect of non-operating foreign currency exchange (gains) losses, pre-tax (4)              (0.12    )                                 0.04                                      0.07
effect of recognition of income tax benefit related to an uncertain tax position (6)       (0.09    )                                    -                                         -
effect of incremental income tax expense related to the tax reform act (7)                  1.04                                         -                                         -
effect of incremental income tax expense related to the india cash remittance (8)              -                                      0.39                                         -
for the years ended december 31,
(2)   acquisition-related charges include, when applicable, amortization of purchased intangible assets included in the depreciation and amortization expense line on our consolidated statements of operations, external deal costs, acquisition-related retention bonuses, integration costs, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities, charges for impairment of acquired intangible assets and other acquisition-related costs.
(3)   realignment charges include severance costs, including costs associated with the vsp, lease termination costs, and advisory fees related to non-routine shareholder matters and to the development of our realignment and return of capital programs, as applicable. the total costs related to the realignment are reported in "selling, general and administrative expenses" in our consolidated statements of operations.
(4)   non-operating foreign currency exchange gains (losses) are inclusive of gains and losses on related foreign exchange forward contracts not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes, reported in "foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net" in our consolidated statements of operations.
(5)   presented below are the tax impacts of each of our non-gaap adjustments to pre-tax income:
for the years ended december 31,
non-gaap income tax benefit (expense) related to:
acquisition-related charges                              48                  46                  43
realignment charges                                      25                   -                   -
foreign currency exchange gains (losses)                 10                   5                   2
(6)   during the three months ended march 31, 2017, we recognized an income tax benefit previously unrecognized in our consolidated financial statements related to a specific uncertain tax position of $55 million. the recognition of the benefit in the first quarter of 2017 was based on management's reassessment regarding whether this unrecognized tax benefit met the more-likely-than-not threshold in light of the lapse in the statute of limitations as to a portion of such benefit.
(7)   in connection with the enactment of the tax reform act, we recorded a one-time provisional net income tax expense of $617 million comprised of: (i) the one-time transitional tax expense on accumulated undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries of $635 million and (ii) foreign and u.s. state income tax expense that will be applicable upon repatriation of the accumulated undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, other than our indian subsidiaries, of $53 million, partially offset by (iii) an income tax benefit of $71 million resulting from the revaluation of u.s. net deferred income tax liabilities to the new lower u.s. income tax rate. the one-time incremental income tax expense reflects certain assumptions based upon our interpretation of the tax reform act as of january 18, 2018 and may change, possibly materially, as we receive additional clarification and guidance and as the interpretation of the tax reform act evolves over time.
(8)   in may 2016, our principal operating subsidiary in india repurchased shares from its shareholders, which are non-indian cognizant entities, valued at $2.8 billion. as a result of this transaction, in 2016 we incurred an incremental income tax expense of $238 million.
liquidity and capital resources our cash generated from operations has historically been our primary source of liquidity to fund operations and investments to grow our business. in addition, as of december 31, 2017, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $5,056 million and additional available capacity under our revolving credit facility of approximately $675 million. the following table provides a summary of our cash flows for the three years ended december 31:
net cash from operating activities               $2,407              $1,645              $2,187                $762             $(542     )
net cash (used in) investing activities            (582   )            (963   )          (1,371   )             381        408
net cash (used in) financing activities          (1,985   )            (743   )            (682   )          (1,242    )        (61       )
operating activities. the increase in cash generated from operating activities for 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily attributable to the increase in pre-tax earnings. the decrease in cash generated from operating activities for 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily attributed to the decrease in net income, which includes the impact of incremental taxes paid in connection with the india cash remittance, and higher incentive based compensation payments in 2016 as compared to 2015. trade accounts receivable increased to $2,865 million at december 31, 2017 as compared to $2,556 million at december 31, 2016 and $2,253 million at december 31, 2015. unbilled accounts receivable were $357 million at december 31, 2017, $349 million at december 31, 2016 and $369 million at december 31, 2015. the increase in trade accounts receivable during 2017 was primarily due to increased revenues.
we monitor turnover, aging and the collection of accounts receivable by customer. our days sales outstanding calculation includes billed and unbilled accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, reduced by the uncollected portion of our deferred revenue. our days sales outstanding was 71 days as of december 31, 2017, 72 days as of december 31, 2016 and 70 days as of december 31, 2015.
investing activities. the decrease in net cash used in investing activities in 2017 compared to 2016 is due to lower net purchases of investments and lower payments for acquisitions. in 2016, the decrease in net cash used when compared to 2015 was primarily due to lower net purchases of investments, partially offset by higher payments for acquisitions and equity and cost method investments.
financing activities. the increase in cash used in financing activities in 2017 compared to 2016 is primarily attributable to repurchases of common stock under the asr and dividend payments, partially offset by lower net repayments of debt. in 2016, the increase in cash used when compared to 2015 was primarily attributable to higher net repayments of debt and an increase in stock repurchases.
in 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with a commercial bank syndicate, or the credit agreement, providing for a $1,000 million unsecured term loan and a $750 million revolving credit facility. the term loan was used to pay a portion of
the cash consideration in connection with our 2014 acquisition of tz us parent, inc., or trizetto. the revolving credit facility is available for general corporate purposes. the term loan and the revolving credit facility both mature in november 2019. as of december 31, 2017, we had $800 million outstanding under the term loan and $75 million in outstanding notes under the revolving credit facility.
the credit agreement contains certain negative covenants, including limitations on liens, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, subsidiary indebtedness and affiliate transactions, as well as certain affirmative covenants. in addition, the credit agreement requires us to maintain a debt to total stockholders' equity ratio not in excess of 0.40 to 1.00. as of december 31, 2017, we are in compliance with our debt covenants and have provided a quarterly certification to our lenders to that effect. we believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the credit agreement to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the remaining available capacity under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2017 and through the date of this filing.
in february 2017 we announced a plan to return $3.4 billion to stockholders by the end of 2018 through a combination of stock repurchases and cash dividends. as part of this plan, in 2017 we expended $1.8 billion to repurchase our class a common stock under the asr and paid cash dividends totaling $265 million. the payments related to the asr were funded with cash on hand in the u.s. and borrowings under the revolving credit facility. we expect to fund the remaining portion of the capital return plan from cash from operations and from available capacity under our revolving credit facility. stock repurchases may be made from time to time through open-market purchases, through the use of rule 10b5-1 plans and/or by other means. we are currently evaluating the longer term impact the tax reform act may have on our overall capital return program. as a first step, in february 2018 our board of directors approved an increase to our quarterly dividend to $0.20 per share.
our board of directors reviews our capital return plan on an ongoing basis with consideration given to our financial performance, economic outlook, regulatory changes and any other relevant factors. the board of directors' determinations regarding future share repurchases and dividends will include evaluating the longer term impact of the tax reform act, as well as a variety of other factors, including our net income, cash flow generated from operations or other sources, liquidity position and potential alternative uses of cash, such as acquisitions, as well as economic conditions and expected future financial results. as these factors may change over time, the amount of stock repurchase activity and actual amount of dividends declared, if any, during any particular period cannot be predicted and may fluctuate from time to time. there can be no guarantee that we will achieve the objective of our announced capital return plan in the amounts or within the expected time frame that we have indicated, or at all.
as a result of the enactment of the tax reform act, our historical and future foreign earnings are no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax upon repatriation beyond the one-time transition tax. we therefore reevaluated our assertion that our non-u.s. earnings would be indefinitely reinvested and concluded that our indian earnings will continue to be indefinitely reinvested while historical accumulated undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017, other than our indian subsidiaries, are available for repatriation to the united states.
we use various strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. as part of our ongoing liquidity assessments, we regularly monitor the mix of our domestic and international cash flows and cash balances. as of december 31, 2017, $4,858 million of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held outside the united states, of which $1,397 million was held in india. we are currently evaluating what portion of the non-u.s. cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside india is needed locally to execute our strategic plans and what amount is available for repatriation back to the united states.
our current plans do not demonstrate the need to repatriate our historical undistributed earnings of our india subsidiaries to fund our liquidity needs outside of india. in reaching this conclusion, we considered our global capital needs, the available sources of liquidity globally and our growth plans in india. however, future events may occur, such as material changes in cash estimates, discretionary transactions, including corporate restructurings, and changes in applicable laws, which may lead us to repatriate indian earnings. if we were to change our assertion that our accumulated undistributed indian earnings are indefinitely reinvested, we would expect, based on our current interpretation of indian tax law, to accrue additional tax expense at a rate of approximately 21% of cash available for distribution, which could have a material adverse effect on our future effective income tax rate. this estimate is subject to change based on tax legislative developments in india and other jurisdictions as well as judicial and interpretive developments of applicable tax laws.
we expect our operating cash flow, cash and investment balances, and available capacity under our revolving credit facility to be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for the next twelve months. we expect to fund the one-time transition tax of $635 million, which is payable over eight years, from cash generated from operations and the repatriation of a portion of our historical non-u.s. earnings that are available for distribution to the united states. our ability to expand and
grow our business in accordance with current plans, to make acquisitions and form joint ventures, to meet our long-term capital requirements and to execute our announced capital return plan beyond a twelve month period will depend on many factors, including the rate, if any, at which our cash flow increases, our ability and willingness to accomplish acquisitions and joint ventures with capital stock and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. we cannot be certain that additional financing, if required, will be available on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all.
commitments and contingencies commitments as of december 31, 2017, we had the following obligations and commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations and commercial commitments:
capital lease obligations                     51                       9                      11                     8                        23
other purchase commitments(3)                248                     151                      96                     1             -
tax reform act transition tax(4)             635                      51                     101                   102                       381
(3)   other purchase commitments include, among other things, communications and information technology obligations, as well as other obligations in the ordinary course of business that we cannot cancel or where we would be required to pay a termination fee in the event of cancellation.
(4)   the estimated tax reform act transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings is payable over eight years. see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $97 million of unrecognized tax benefits. this represents the tax benefits associated with certain tax positions on our domestic and international tax returns that have not been recognized on our financial statements due to uncertainty regarding their resolution. the resolution of these income tax positions with the relevant taxing authorities is at various stages and therefore we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period that may be required to settle these matters.
as announced in february 2018, we intend to set up and provide $100 million of initial funding to the cognizant u.s. foundation, which will focus on science, technology, engineering and math, (or collectively, stem), education in the united states.
contingencies we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. we accrue a liability when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. when a material loss contingency is reasonably possible but not probable, we do not record a liability, but instead disclose the nature and the amount of the claim, and an estimate of the loss or range of loss, if such an estimate can be made. legal fees are expensed as incurred. in the opinion of management, the outcome of any existing claims and legal or regulatory proceedings, other than the specific matters described below, if decided adversely, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
as previously disclosed, the company has been conducting an internal investigation focused on whether certain payments relating to company-owned facilities in india were made improperly and in possible violation of the fcpa and other applicable laws. the investigation is also examining various other payments made in small amounts in india that may not have complied with company policy or applicable law. in september 2016, we voluntarily notified the doj and sec and are cooperating fully
with both agencies. the investigation is being conducted under the oversight of the audit committee, with the assistance of outside counsel.
in 2016, there were putative securities class action complaints filed, naming us and certain of our current and former officers as defendants and alleging violations of the exchange act, based on allegedly false or misleading statements related to potential violations of the fcpa, our business, prospects and operations, and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. additionally, in 2017 and 2016, putative shareholder derivative complaints were filed, naming us, certain of our current and former directors and certain of our current and former officers as defendants. see the section titled "part i, item 3. legal proceedings."
we have indemnification and expense advancement obligations pursuant to our bylaws and indemnification agreements with respect to certain current and former members of senior management and the company's directors. in connection with the ongoing internal investigation, we have received requests under such indemnification agreements and our bylaws to provide funds for legal fees and other expenses, and expect additional requests in connection with the investigation and related litigation. we have not recorded any liability for these matters as of december 31, 2017 as we cannot estimate the ultimate outcome at this time but have expensed payments made through december 31, 2017.
we have maintained directors and officers insurance, from which a portion of the indemnification expenses and costs related to the putative securities class action complaints may be recoverable, and have recorded an insurance receivable of less than $1 million as of december 31, 2017. we are unable to make a reliable estimate of the eventual cash flows by period related to the indemnification agreements described here.
many of our engagements involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customers' business and provide benefits that are difficult to quantify. any failure in a customer's systems or our failure to meet our contractual obligations to our customers, including any breach involving a customer's confidential information or sensitive data, or our obligations under applicable laws or regulations could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for such failure. although we attempt to contractually limit our liability for damages arising from negligent acts, errors, mistakes, or omissions in rendering our services, there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability set forth in our contracts will be enforceable in all instances or will otherwise protect us from liability for damages. although we have general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors or omissions, there can be no assurance that such coverage will cover all types of claims, continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed or are not covered by our insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in the normal course of business and in conjunction with certain customer engagements, we have entered into contractual arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify customers or other parties with whom we conduct business with respect to certain matters. these arrangements can include provisions whereby we agree to hold the indemnified party and certain of their affiliated entities harmless with respect to third-party claims related to such matters as our breach of certain representations or covenants, our intellectual property infringement, our gross negligence or willful misconduct or certain other claims made against certain parties. payments by us under any of these arrangements are generally conditioned on the customer making a claim and providing us with full control over the defense and settlement of such claim. it is not possible to determine the maximum potential liability under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. historically, we have not made payments under these indemnification agreements and therefore they have not had any impact on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. however, if events arise requiring us to make payment for indemnification claims under our indemnification obligations in contracts we have entered, such payments could have material impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than our foreign exchange forward contracts, there were no off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or other relationships with unconsolidated entities or other persons in 2017, 2016 and 2015 that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
critical accounting estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our accompanying consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, or gaap. we base our estimates on historical experience, current trends and on various other assumptions that are believed to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. we evaluate our estimates on a continuous basis. however, the actual amounts may differ from the estimates used in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
we believe the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported consolidated financial statements as they require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. changes to these estimates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition. revenues related to our fixed-price highly complex application development contracts and certain other fixed-price contracts are recognized as the services are performed using the percentage of completion method and the proportional performance method of accounting, respectively. under the percentage of completion method, total contract revenues during the term of an agreement are recognized based on the percentage that each contract's total labor cost to date bears to the total expected labor cost (cost to cost method). under the proportional performance method, total contract revenues are recognized based on the level of effort to date in relation to total expected efforts provided to the customer. management reviews the assumptions related to these methods on an ongoing basis. revisions to our estimates may result in increases or decreases to revenues and income and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements in the periods in which they are first identified. if our estimates indicate that a contract loss will be incurred, a loss provision is recorded in the period in which the loss first becomes probable and reasonably estimable. contract losses are determined to be the amount by which the estimated costs of the contract exceed the estimated total revenues that will be generated by the contract and such losses are included in cost of revenues in our consolidated statement of operations. changes in estimates related to our revenue contracts and contract losses were immaterial to the consolidated results of operations for the periods presented.
income taxes. determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets (and related valuation allowance, if any) and liabilities requires significant judgment. we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions where we operate. changes in the geographic mix of income before taxes or estimated level of annual pre-tax income can affect our overall effective income tax rate. the consolidated provision for income taxes may also change period to period based on non-recurring events, such as the settlement of income tax audits and changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of reserves established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related interest, which may require us to apply judgment to complex issues and may require an extended period of time to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not differ from our recorded amounts. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit. to the extent that the final outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence for each jurisdiction including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that future tax benefits associated with a deferred income tax asset will not be realized, a valuation allowance is provided. in the event we change our determination as to the amount of deferred income tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact recorded to our provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
our indian subsidiaries, collectively referred to as cognizant india, are primarily export-oriented companies and are eligible for certain income tax holiday benefits granted by the government of india for export activities conducted within sezs for periods of up to 15 years. a majority of our sez income tax holiday benefits are currently scheduled to expire in whole or in part during the years 2018 to 2026 and may be extended on a limited basis for an additional five years per unit if certain reinvestment criteria are met. we have constructed and expect to continue to operate most of our newer development facilities in sezs. our indian profits ineligible for sez benefits are subject to corporate income tax at the rate of 34.6%. in addition, all indian profits, including those generated within sezs, are subject to the mat, at the rate of 21.3%. any mat paid is creditable against future indian corporate income tax, subject to limitations. currently, we anticipate utilizing our existing mat balances
against our future corporate income tax obligations in india. however, our ability to do so could be impacted by possible changes to the indian tax laws as well as the future financial results of cognizant india.
the one-time provisional incremental income tax expense related to the tax reform act reflects assumptions based upon our interpretation of the tax reform act as of january 18, 2018, and may change, possibly materially, as we receive additional clarification and guidance and as the interpretation of the tax reform act evolves over time. the calculation of the provisional incremental income tax expense is based upon various estimates and assumptions and may be impacted by additional considerations, including, but not limited to, the final computation of 2017 earnings and profits of non-u.s. subsidiaries as of the relevant measurement dates. the provisional amount will be finalized when the 2017 u.s. corporate tax return is filed in 2018. see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
stock-based compensation. stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the vesting period. determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating the number of awards that are expected to be forfeited. in addition, for performance stock units, we are required to estimate the most probable outcome of the performance conditions in order to determine the amount of stock compensation costs to be recorded over the vesting period. to the extent that actual results differ significantly from our estimates, stock-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be materially impacted.
derivative financial instruments. derivative financial instruments are recorded on the balance sheet as either an asset or liability measured at its fair value as of the reporting date. our derivative financial instruments consist of foreign exchange forward contracts. we estimate the fair value of each foreign exchange forward contract by using a present value of expected cash flows model. this model utilizes various assumptions, including timing and amounts of cash flows, discount rates, and counterparty credit risk factors. the use of different assumptions could have a positive or negative effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
investments. our investment portfolio is comprised primarily of time deposits, mutual funds invested in fixed income securities, indian rupee denominated commercial paper, indian rupee denominated international corporate bonds and government debt securities, u.s. dollar denominated corporate bonds, municipal bonds, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, debt issuances by the u.s. government, u.s. government agencies, foreign governments and supranational entities, and asset-backed securities. the asset-backed securities included securities backed by auto loans, credit card receivables and other receivables. the years of issuance of our asset-backed securities fall primarily in the 2012 to 2017 range. our long-term investments are comprised of held-to-maturity corporate and other debt securities as well as equity and cost method investments.
we utilize various inputs to determine the fair value of our investment portfolio. to the extent they exist, unadjusted quoted market prices for identical assets in active markets (level 1) or quoted prices on similar assets in active markets or quoted prices for identical or similar assets in markets that are not active or observable and market-corroborated inputs other than quoted prices (collectively, level 2) are utilized to determine the fair value of each investment in our portfolio. in the absence of quoted prices or liquid markets, valuation techniques would be used to determine fair value of any investments that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (level 3). valuation techniques are based on various assumptions, including timing and amounts of cash flows, discount rates, rate of return, and adjustments for nonperformance and liquidity. a significant degree of judgment is involved in valuing investments using level 3 inputs. as of december 31, 2017, none of our investments were categorized as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. see note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information related to our security valuation methodologies.
we periodically evaluate if unrealized losses, as determined based on the security valuation methodologies discussed above, on individual securities classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity are considered to be other-than-temporary. the analysis of other-than-temporary impairment requires the use of various assumptions, including the length of time an investment's cost basis is greater than fair value, the severity of the investment's decline, any credit deterioration of the investment, whether management intends to sell the security and whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis. if we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security, we consider the security to be other-than-temporarily impaired and we record the difference between the security's amortized cost basis and its recoverable amount in earnings and the difference between the security's recoverable amount and fair value in other comprehensive income. if we intend to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the security is also considered other-than-temporarily impaired and we recognize the entire difference between the security's amortized cost basis and its fair value in earnings.
business combinations. accounting for business combinations requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions. we account for business combinations using the acquisition method which requires us to estimate the fair value of identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, including any contingent consideration and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree to
properly allocate purchase price consideration to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the allocation of the purchase price utilizes significant estimates in determining the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, especially with respect to intangible assets. the significant estimates and assumptions include the timing and amount of forecasted revenues and cash flows, anticipated growth rates, customer attrition rates, the discount rate reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows and the determination of useful lives for finite-lived assets.
long-lived assets and finite-lived intangibles. we review long-lived assets and certain finite-lived identifiable intangibles for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. we recognize an impairment loss when the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows is less than the carrying amount of such assets. the impairment loss is determined as the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. assessing the fair value of assets involves significant estimates and assumptions including estimation of future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and discount rates reflecting the risk inherent in future cash flows.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. we exercise judgment to allocate goodwill to the reporting units expected to benefit from each business combination. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, regulatory environment, established business plans, operating performance indicators or competition. evaluation of goodwill for impairment requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit.
we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a combination of an income approach, utilizing a discounted cash flow analysis, and a market approach, using market multiples. under the income approach, we estimate projected future cash flows, the timing of such cash flows and long term growth rates, and determine the appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows. the discount rate used is based on our weighted-average cost of capital and may be adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the reporting unit's ability to execute on the projected future cash flows. under the market approach, we estimate fair value based on market multiples of revenues and earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with characteristics similar to the reporting unit. there was no indication of goodwill impairment as a result of our 2017 annual impairment analysis, as the fair values of each of our reporting units exceeded their respective net book values, including goodwill.  further, a 10% increase or decrease in any of the key assumptions used under either the income approach or the market approach would not result in a significant impact to the excess fair value over book value for any of our reporting units.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for each reporting unit.
we also evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually, or as circumstances warrant. our 2017 qualitative assessment included the review of relevant macroeconomic factors and entity-specific qualitative factors to determine if it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets was below carrying value.
based on our most recent evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which was performed as of december 31, 2017, none of our reporting units or indefinite-lived intangible assets was considered to be at risk of impairment. as of december 31, 2017, our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset balances were $2,704 million and $63 million, respectively.
contingencies. loss contingencies are recorded as liabilities when a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. when a material loss contingency is reasonably possible but not probable, we do not record a liability, but instead disclose the nature and amount of the claim, and an estimate of the loss or range of loss, if such an estimate can be made. significant judgment is required in the determination of both probability and whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. our judgments are subjective and based on the information available from the status of the legal or regulatory proceedings, the merits of our defenses and consultation with in-house and outside legal counsel. as additional information becomes available, we reassess any potential liability related to any pending litigation and may revise our estimates. such revisions in estimates of any potential liabilities could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
recently adopted and new accounting pronouncements see note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements for additional information.
forward looking statements the statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements (within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended) that involve risks and uncertainties. such forward-looking statements may be identified by, among other things, the use of forward-looking terminology such as "believe," "expect," "may," "could," "would," "plan," "intend," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," "should" or "anticipate" or the negative thereof or other variations thereon or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy that involve risks and uncertainties. from time to time, we or our representatives have made or may make forward-looking statements, orally or in writing.
such forward-looking statements may be included in various filings made by us with the sec, or press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers. these forward-looking statements, such as statements regarding anticipated future revenues or operating margins, contract percentage completions, earnings, capital expenditures, anticipated effective tax rates, liquidity, access to capital, capital return plan, investment strategies, cost management, realignment program, plans and objectives, including those related to our digital practice areas, investment in our business and potential acquisitions, industry trends, customer behaviors and trends, and the ongoing internal investigation and other statements regarding matters that are not historical facts, are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections, management's beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. actual results, performance, achievements and outcomes could differ materially from the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. there are a number of important factors that could cause our results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including:
•   competition from other service providers;
•   the risk that we may not be able to achieve targeted improvements in our operating margin and level of profitability, or that our operating margin and profitability may decline;
•   the risk of liability or damage to our reputation resulting from security breaches or disclosure of sensitive data or failure to comply with data protection laws and regulations;
•   the risk that we may not be able to keep pace with the rapidly evolving technological environment;
•   the rate of growth in the use of technology in business and the type and level of technology spending by our customers;
•   mispricing of our services, especially on our fixed-price and transaction- or volume-based priced contracts;
•   risks associated with our ongoing internal investigation into possible violations of the fcpa and similar laws, including the cost of such investigation and any sanctions, fines or remedial measures that may be imposed by the doj or sec, additional expenses related to remedial measures, the costs of defending and/or settling possible judgments against us that may result from associated lawsuits against us and any possible impact on our ability to timely file the required reports with the sec;
•   our inability to successfully acquire or integrate target companies;
•   system failure or disruptions in our communications or information technology;
•   the risk that we may lose key executives and not be able to enforce non-competition agreements with them;
•   competition for hiring highly-skilled technical personnel;
•   possible failure to provide business solutions and deliver complex and large projects for our customers;
•   our revenues being highly dependent on customers concentrated in certain industries, including financial services and healthcare, and located primarily in the united states and europe;
•   the risk that we may not be able to pay dividends or repurchase shares in accordance with our capital return plan, or at all;
•   the effects of fluctuations in the indian rupee and other currency exchange rates;
•   the risk of war, terrorist activities, pandemics and natural disasters;
•   the brexit referendum and any negative effects on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business;
•   the risk that we may not be able to enforce or protect our intellectual property rights, or that we may infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others;
•   regulatory uncertainties, including in the areas of outsourcing, immigration and taxes;
•   increased regulation of the financial services and healthcare industries, as well as other industries in which our customers operate;
•   the possibility that we may be required to or choose to repatriate indian earnings;
•   the possibility that we may lose certain tax benefits provided to companies in our industry by the indian government; and
•   the factors set forth in part i, in the section entitled "item 1a. risk factors" in this report.
you are advised to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in the reports we file with the securities and exchange commission, including this report in the sections titled "part i, item 1. business," "part i, item 1a. risk factors" and "part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.