item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this document, including the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, contains forward-looking statements that are not purely historical regarding dexcom's or its management's intentions, beliefs, expectations and strategies for the future. these forward-looking statements fall within the meaning of the federal securities laws that relate to future events or our future financial performance. in some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "intend," "potential" or "continue" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this report, deal with future events, are subject to various risks and uncertainties, and actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in those forward looking statements. the risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially are more fully described under "risk factors" and elsewhere in this report and in our other reports filed with the sec. we assume no obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this report or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual results. you should read the following discussion and analysis together with "selected financial data" in part ii, item 6 and our financial statements and related notes in part ii, item 8.
overview we are a medical device company primarily focused on the design, development and commercialization of continuous glucose monitoring ("cgm") systems for use by people with diabetes and by healthcare providers for the treatment of people with diabetes. unless the context requires otherwise, the terms "we," "us," "our," the "company," or "dexcom" refer to dexcom, inc. and its subsidiaries.
from inception to 2006, we devoted substantially all of our resources to start-up activities, raising capital and research and development, including product design, testing, manufacturing and clinical trials. since 2006, we have devoted considerable resources to the commercialization of our continuous glucose monitoring systems, including the g4 platinum and g5 mobile, as well as the continued research and clinical development of our technology platform.
from inception through december 31, 2017, we have generated $2.4 billion of product and development grant and other (non-product) revenue, and we have incurred net losses in each year since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of $671.8 million.
we expect our losses to continue as we proceed with our commercialization and research and development activities. we have financed our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products.
financial operations revenue we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states, canada and portions of europe, and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, latin america, the middle east and africa. we have contracts with certain distributors, the majority of whom stock our products, and we refer to these distributors as stocking distributors, whereby the stocking distributors fulfill orders for our product from their inventory. we also have contracts with certain distributors that do not stock our products, but rather products are shipped directly to the customer by us on behalf of our distributor, and we refer to these distributors as drop-ship distributors. we expect that revenues we generate from the sales of our products will fluctuate from quarter to quarter. we typically experience seasonality with lower sales in the first quarter of each year, compared to the previous fourth quarter, related to annual insurance deductible resets and unfunded flexible spending accounts.
cost of sales cost of sales includes direct labor and materials costs related to each product sold or produced, including assembly, test labor and scrap, as well as factory overhead supporting our manufacturing operations. factory overhead includes facilities, material procurement and control, manufacturing engineering, quality assurance, supervision and management. these costs are primarily salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, facility expense, supplies and purchased services. all of our manufacturing costs are included in cost of sales.
research and development our research and development expenses primarily consist of engineering and research expenses related to our continuous glucose monitoring technology, clinical trials, regulatory expenses, quality assurance programs, materials and products for clinical trials. research and development expenses are primarily related to employee compensation, including salary, fringe benefits, share-based compensation, and temporary employee expenses. we also incur significant expenses to operate our clinical trials including clinical site reimbursement, clinical trial product and associated travel expenses. our research and development expenses also include fees for design services, contractors and development materials.
selling, general and administrative our selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salary, fringe benefits and share-based compensation for our executive, financial, sales, marketing, information technology and administrative functions. other significant expenses include commissions, marketing and advertising, it software license costs, insurance, professional fees for our outside legal counsel and independent auditors, litigation expenses, patent application expenses, unoccupied facilities and consulting expenses.
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit revenues increased $145.2 million to $718.5 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 compared to $573.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 based primarily on increased sales volume of our disposable sensors due to the continued growth of our installed base of customers using our g4 platinum and g5 mobile systems and durable systems to both new and existing customers. revenue attributable to our disposable sensors and durable systems was approximately 70% and 30%, respectively, of total revenue, for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. revenue from products shipped to our distributors, which are primarily stocking distributors, for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 was approximately $538.0 million or 75% of our revenue compared to $411.8 million or 72% of our total revenue for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016.
cost of sales increased $31.5 million to $226.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 compared to $194.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to increased sales volume. the gross profit of $492.1 million, or 68% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 increased $113.7 million compared to $378.4 million, or 66% for the same period in 2016, primarily due to increased revenue and a decrease in warranty costs primarily related to the february 23, 2016 customer notification regarding the audible alarms and alerts associated with our receivers which was classified as a voluntary class 1 recall by the fda and was closed by the fda as of august 11, 2017.
research and development. research and development expense increased $29.3 million to $185.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, compared to $156.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to $18.3 million in additional salaries, bonus and payroll related costs, $8.4 million of additional expensed equipment, and $2.4 million of additional clinical trial costs related to development of our future products.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $63.0 million to $349.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, compared to $286.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher headcount related selling, marketing and customer support costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products. significant elements of the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses included $37.8 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $10.6 million of additional marketing costs, $4.4 million of additional software license costs, and $1.5 million in additional consulting fees.
other income (expense). other income was $3.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 compared to other expense of $0.7 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 and is primarily related to foreign currency transaction gains and losses.
interest income. interest income was $3.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 compared to $0.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 and is related to our marketable securities portfolio.
interest expense. interest expense was $12.8 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 compared to $0.7 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 and is related to our 2022 notes and revolving credit agreement. the increase was primarily due to an additional $11.1 million of interest expense related to the 2022 notes.
income tax expense. income tax expense was $1.6 million on a pre-tax loss of $48.6 million, resulting in a negative effective tax rate of 3% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, compared to income tax expense of $0.7 million on a pre-tax loss of $64.9 million and a negative effective tax rate of 1% for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016. the effective tax rate at december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016 increased due to a lower pre-tax net loss. the tax expense for both periods is primarily due to withholding and other income tax expense in profitable jurisdictions.
revenue, cost of sales and gross profit total revenues increased $171.3 million to $573.3 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to $402.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 based primarily on increased sales volume of our disposable sensors due to the continued growth of our installed base of customers using our g4 platinum and g5 mobile systems, and durable systems to both new and existing customers. revenue attributable to our disposable sensors and durable systems was approximately 70% and 30%, respectively, of total revenue, for each of the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. total revenue for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 also included development grant and other revenues of $1.3 million attributable to a $1.0 million milestone payments related to our development agreement with tandem and services associated with clinical supply and services agreements. revenue from products shipped to distributors, which are primarily stocking distributors, was $411.8 million, or 72%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to $283.0 million, or 71%, of our total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015.
cost of sales increased $71.3 million to $194.9 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 compared to $123.6 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to increased sales volume, partially due to increased warranty costs related to receivers, and $3.5 million in receiver related excess and obsolete receiver inventory primarily related to the february 23, 2016 customer notification regarding the audible alarms and alerts associated with our receivers which was classified as a voluntary class 1 recall by the fda. the gross profit of $378.4 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 increased $100.0 million compared to $278.4 million for the same period in 2015, primarily due to increased revenue, partially offset by the product mix of sales of our lower margin g5 transmitters and costs related to the customer notification discussed above.
research and development. research and development expense increased $18.6 million to $156.1 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, compared to $137.5 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. research and development expense for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 included $36.5 million of noncash expense related to the issuance of 404,591 shares in august 2015 related to the verily collaboration agreement. excluding this one-time noncash charge, research and development expense for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016 increased $55.2 million with the significant elements of the increase comprised of $21.1 million in additional salaries, bonus and payroll related costs, $11.2 million in additional share-based compensation, $5.1 million in additional supplies, $2.9 million of additional facilities related costs, and $2.1 million in additional consulting expenses associated with future generations of products.
selling, general and administrative. selling, general and administrative expense increased $88.2 million to $286.2 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, compared to $198.0 million for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to higher headcount related selling, marketing and information technology infrastructure costs to support revenue growth and the continued commercialization of our products in both the united states and europe. significant elements of the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses included $26.8 million in additional salaries, bonus, and payroll related costs, $12.9 million in additional share-based compensation costs, $10.8 million of additional consulting costs, including costs to support our international expansion, $8.9 million in additional marketing related costs, $4.3 million of additional software license costs, $3.8 million of additional facilities related costs and $1.5 million of additional commissions.
liquidity and capital resources we have incurred losses since our inception in may 1999. as of december 31, 2017, we had an accumulated deficit of $671.8 million and had working capital of $605.8 million. to date, we have funded our operations primarily through offerings of equity securities and debt, and the sales of our products.
in june 2016, we entered into a $200.0 million credit agreement, including a subfacility of up to $10.0 million for letters of credit, of which we are using $4.4 million and $5.6 million is still available as of december 31, 2017. the revolving loans under the credit agreement will be available for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. on march 3, 2017 we drew $75.0 million on the credit agreement under a six month term and we repaid the entire principal balance on may 19, 2017. as of december 31, 2017 we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement, and $200.0 million under the credit agreement remains available.
in may 2017, we completed an offering of $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 0.75% convertible senior notes due 2022 ("2022 notes") and, in june 2017 the initial purchasers exercised their option to purchase an additional $50.0 million aggregate principal amount. the 2022 notes have a stated interest rate of 0.75% and a maturity date of may 15, 2022. holders may elect to convert any time after february 15, 2022 for shares. the 2022 notes may be settled in cash, stock, or a combination thereof, solely at our discretion. we used a portion of the net proceeds of the offering of the 2022 notes to repay $75.0 million of borrowings under our existing credit facility. the remainder of the proceeds are available for general corporate purposes and capital expenditures, including working capital needs and buildout of our manufacturing facility in arizona. we may also use the net proceeds to expand our current business through in-licensing or acquisitions of, or investments in, other businesses, products or technologies; however, we do not have any commitments with respect to any such acquisitions or investments at this time.
our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $548.6 million as of december 31, 2017. our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities portfolio is primarily denominated in u.s. dollars and consists of investment grade, highly liquid securities of various holdings including obligations of u.s. government sponsored enterprises, commercial paper, corporate debt, and money market funds. the change in our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities during the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 was due to the factors described in the "cash flow summary" below.
cash flow summary the following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in millions)
twelve months ended   change december 31,
net cash provided by operating activities       $92.0                 $56.2        $35.8
net cash used in investing activities         $(144.4    )           $(55.9    )   $(88.5      )
net cash provided by financing activities      $399.1                  $8.1        $391.0
as of december 31, 2017, we had $441.5 million of cash and cash equivalents compared to $94.5 million as of december 31, 2016, an increase of $347.0 million. the cash flows during the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 were related primarily to the following items:
•   net cash provided by operating activities of $92.0 million comprised of net loss of $50.2 million, offset by $139.6 million of net non-cash expenses and $2.6 million of changes in working capital balances. net non-cash expenses of $139.6 million were primarily related to share-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, and non-cash interest expense related to our senior convertible notes.
•   proceeds from issuance of common stock of $10.1 million pursuant to the exercise of then-outstanding stock options and purchases of stock under our employee stock purchase plan.
•   proceeds from issuance of senior convertible notes, net of issuance costs, of $389.0 million.
•   capital expenditures of $66.0 million primarily related to purchase of facility related build-outs, office equipment and machinery and equipment.
•   net cash outflow of $78.4 million as a result of marketable securities transactions.
net cash provided by operating activities. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a reduction of $15.4 million in net loss, an increase of $11.5 million in non-cash expenses and a change of $8.9 million in working capital balances. the increase in non-cash expenses for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 was primarily related to our senior convertible notes.
net cash used in investing activities. the change in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to an additional $77.9 million net cash used as a result of net purchasing of marketable securities, and an additional $10.3 million to purchase equipment to support facility related build-outs, manufacturing equipment and information technology infrastructure.
net cash provided by financing activities. the increase in cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to $389.0 million net proceeds from the issuance of senior convertible notes, net of issuance costs.
operating capital and capital expenditure requirements we anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses as we incur expenses and expand the commercialization of our approved products domestically and internationally, develop additional continuous glucose monitoring products, and expand our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure.
we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities balances, projected cash contributions from our commercial operations and $200.0 million available under our credit agreement, of which $200.0 million remains available, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements with respect to the continued scale-up of our commercialization activities, research and development activities, including clinical trials, the expansion of our marketing, manufacturing and corporate infrastructure, and to meet our other anticipated cash needs through at least february 27, 2019. if our available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, or if we develop additional products or new markets for our existing products, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain an additional credit facility. the sale of additional equity and debt securities may result in additional dilution to our stockholders. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could contain covenants that would restrict our operations. we may require additional capital beyond our currently forecasted amounts. any such required additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. additionally, we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining additional cash contributions from future partnership arrangements. our ability to transition to, and maintain profitable operations is dependent upon achieving a level of revenues adequate to support our cost structure. if events or circumstances occur such that we do not meet our operating plan as expected, or if we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce planned increases in compensation related expenses or other operating expenses related to research, development, and commercialization activities, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our intended business objectives.
because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of continuous glucose monitoring technologies, we are unable to estimate the exact amounts of capital outlays and operating expenditures associated with our current and anticipated clinical trials. our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to:
•   the expenses we incur in manufacturing, developing, selling and marketing our products;
•   the quality levels of our products and services;
•   the third-party reimbursement of our products for our customers;
•   our ability to efficiently scale our manufacturing operations to meet demand for our current and any future products;
•   the costs, timing and risks of delays of additional regulatory approvals;
•   the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights;
•   the rate of progress and cost of our clinical trials and other development activities;
•   the success of our research and development efforts;
•   the emergence of competing or complementary technological developments;
•   the acquisition of businesses, products and technologies and our ability to integrate and manage any acquired businesses, products and technologies.
we are party to various purchase arrangements related to components used in manufacturing and research and development activities. as of december 31, 2017, we had firm purchase commitments with certain vendors totaling approximately $71.7 million due within one year. there are no material purchase commitments due beyond one year.
we are party to various leasing arrangements primarily for office, manufacturing and warehouse space that expire at various times through march 2028. we have not entered into any significant new leasing arrangements during the twelve months ended december 31, 2017.
purchase commitments                    71.7                  71.7                    -                    -        -
(1)   senior convertible notes were issued in may and june 2017 which are due in may 2022, obligations include both principal and interest. although these notes mature in 2022, they may be converted into cash and shares of our common stock prior to maturity if certain conditions are met. any conversion prior to maturity can result in repayment of the principal amounts sooner than scheduled repayment as indicated in the table. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the terms of the senior convertible notes.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not engaged in any off-balance sheet activities.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as the reported revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
while our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, we believe that the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to a full understanding and evaluation of our reported financial results.
revenue recognition we sell our durable systems and disposable units through a direct sales force in the united states, canada and portions of europe, and through distribution arrangements in the united states, canada, australia, new zealand, and in portions of europe, asia, latin america, the middle east and africa. components are individually priced and can be purchased separately or together. we receive payment directly from customers who use our products, as well as from distributors, organizations and third-party payors. our durable system includes a reusable transmitter, a receiver, a power cord and a usb cable. disposable sensors for use with the durable system are sold separately in packages of four. we provide free of charge software and mobile applications for use with our durable systems and disposable sensors. the initial durable system price is generally not dependent upon the subsequent purchase of any amount of disposable sensors.
revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. revenue on product sales is generally recognized upon shipment, which is when title and the risk of loss have been transferred to the customer and there are no other post shipment obligations. with respect to customers who directly pay for products, the products are generally paid for at the time of shipment using a customer's credit card and do not include customer acceptance provisions. we recognize revenue from contracted insurance payors based on the contracted rate. for non-contracted insurance payors, we obtain prior authorization from the payor and recognize revenue based on the estimated collectible amount and historical experience. we also receive a prescription or statement of medical necessity and, for insurance reimbursement customers, an assignment of benefits prior to shipment.
we have entered into distribution agreements with byram healthcare and its subsidiaries ("byram"), cardinal health and affiliates (including edgepark medical supplies) and other distributors that allow the distributors to sell our durable systems and disposable units. the majority of our distributors stock our products, and we refer to these distributors as stocking distributors, whereby the stocking distributors fulfill orders for our product from their inventory. we also have contracts with certain distributors that do not stock our products, but rather products are shipped directly to the customer by us on behalf of our distributor, and we refer to these distributors as drop-ship distributors. revenue is recognized based on contracted prices. terms of distributor orders are generally freight on board (or free carrier ("fca") shipping point for international orders). most distributors do not have rights of return per their distribution agreement outside of our limited warranty. the distributors typically have a limited time frame to notify us of any missing, damaged, defective or non-conforming products. for any such products, we shall either, at our option, replace the portion of defective or non-conforming product at no additional cost to the distributor or cancel the order and refund any portion of the price paid to us at that time for the sale in question. shipping charges billed to customers are included in revenue while related costs are included as cost of sales.
share-based compensation share-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the estimated fair value of the award and is recognized straight-line over the requisite service period of the individual grants, which typically equals the vesting period. shared-based compensation arrangements include restricted stock units ("rsus") and purchases of common stock at a discount under our employee stock purchase plan, or espp. we estimate the fair value of rsus based on the market price of our common stock on the date of grant and the fair value of espp purchase rights on the date of grant using the black-scholes option pricing model.
we recorded $106.2 million, $110.8 million and $82.7 million in share-based compensation expense during the twelve months ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. at december 31, 2017, unrecognized estimated compensation costs related to unvested restricted stock units totaled $128.4 million and are expected to be recognized through 2021.
inventory inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a part-by-part basis that approximates first in, first out. we make adjustments to reduce the cost of inventory to its net realizable value, if required, for estimated excess, obsolete and potential scrapped inventories. factors influencing these adjustments include inventories on hand and on order compared to estimated future usage and sales for existing and new products, as well as judgments regarding quality control testing data, and assumptions about the likelihood of scrap and obsolescence. once written down the adjustments are considered permanent and are not reversed until the related inventory is sold or disposed.
our products require customized products and components that currently are available from a limited number of sources. we purchase certain components and materials from single sources due to quality considerations, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements.
warranty accrual estimated warranty costs associated with a product are recorded at the time of shipment. we estimate future warranty costs by analyzing historical warranty experience for the timing and amount of returned product, and expectations for future warranty activity based on changes and improvements to the product or process that are, or will be in place in the future. these estimates are evaluated on at least a quarterly basis to determine the continued appropriateness of such assumptions.
recent accounting guidance recently adopted accounting pronouncements in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718) ("asu 2016-09"), which is intended to simplify several areas of accounting for share-based payment arrangements. the amendments in this
update cover such areas as the recognition of excess tax benefits and deficiencies, the classification of those excess benefits on the statement of cash flows, an accounting policy election for forfeitures, the amount an employer can withhold to cover income taxes and still qualify for equity classification and the classification of those taxes paid on the statement of cash flows. asu 2016-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. we adopted this standard in the first quarter of 2017
we had excess tax benefits for which a benefit could not be previously recognized of approximately $161.8 million. upon adoption, we recognized the previously unrecognized excess tax benefits of $161.8 million deferred tax assets with an offsetting increase in our valuation allowance using a modified retrospective method through a cumulative effect adjustment to the accumulated deficit, with no net impact on our financial statements. all excess tax benefits and all tax deficiencies generated in the current and future periods will be recognized prospectively and recorded as income tax benefit or expense in our consolidated statements of operations in the reporting period in which they occur. until such time that we release our valuation allowance against deferred tax assets, the tax impact of any excess tax benefits and deficiencies will be offset with the change in our valuation allowance. in addition, we elected to account for forfeitures as they occur with the change applied on a modified retrospective basis with a cumulative effect adjustment to accumulated deficit of $0.6 million. due to the full valuation allowance on the u.s. deferred tax assets, we have determined that none of the provisions of asu 2016-09 have a significant impact on our 2017 consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued authoritative guidance for revenue from contracts with customers ("asu 2014-09"), to supersede nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under u.s. gaap. the core principle of the guidance is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. the guidance defines a five step process to achieve this core principle and it is possible when the five step process is applied, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than required under existing u.s. gaap, including identifying performance obligations in the contract, estimating the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price and allocating the transaction price to each separate performance obligation. the updated standard permits the use of either the retrospective or modified retrospective transition method and is effective for us in our first quarter of 2018. we will apply this standard using the modified retrospective method. we have completed our assessment of the new revenue standard and are finalizing the new required disclosures. we do not expect the timing of revenue recognition under the new standard to differ materially from our current revenue recognition policy. our analysis of open contracts as of december 31, 2017, has resulted in no material cumulative effect from applying asu 2014-09.
in july 2015, the fasb issued guidance in asu 2015-11 to change the subsequent measurement of inventory from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. the guidance requires that inventory accounted for under the first-in, first-out (fifo) or average cost methods be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value, where net realizable value represents the estimated selling price of inventory in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. the guidance was effective for us in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 with no material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842) ("asu 2016-02"), which require a lessee to recognize a lease payment liability and a corresponding right of use asset on their balance sheet for all lease terms longer than 12 months, lessor accounting remains largely unchanged. asu 2016-02 is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning on or after december 15, 2018 and early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the effect this guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in october 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-16, accounting for income taxes - intra-entity asset transfer other than inventory (topic 740) ("asu 2016-16"), which would require the recognition of the tax expense from the sale of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs, rather than when the asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use. the new guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years. early adoption is permitted. the amendment should be applied on a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning period of adoption. due to the full valuation allowance on the u.s. deferred tax assets, we have determined that none of the provisions of asu 2016-16 will have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.