item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview non-gaap financial measures that supplement gaap measures we use both generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and non-gaap financial measures for operational and financial decision making, and to assess company and segment business performance. the non-gaap measures listed below are intended to be considered by users as supplemental information to their equivalent gaap measures, to aid investors in better understanding our financial results. we believe that these non-gaap measures provide useful perspective on underlying business results and trends, and a means to assess our period-over-period results. these non-gaap measures should not be considered as a substitute for, or superior to, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. these non-gaap measures may not be the same as similarly titled measures used by other companies due to possible differences in method and in items or events being adjusted.
•   company adjusted pre-tax profit (most comparable gaap measure: net income attributable to ford) - the non-gaap measure is useful to management and investors because it allows users to evaluate our pre-tax results excluding pre-tax special items. pre-tax special items consist of (i) pension and other postretirement employee benefits ("opeb") remeasurement gains and losses that are not reflective of our underlying business results, (ii) significant restructuring actions related to our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix, and (iii) other items that we do not necessarily consider to be indicative of earnings from ongoing operating activities. when we provide guidance for adjusted pre-tax profit, we do not provide guidance on a net income basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   adjusted earnings per share (most comparable gaap measure: earnings per share) - measure of company's diluted net earnings per share adjusted for impact of pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. the measure provides investors with useful information to evaluate performance of our business excluding items not indicative of the underlying run rate of our business. when we provide guidance for adjusted earnings per share, we do not provide guidance on an earnings per share basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   adjusted effective tax rate (most comparable gaap measure: effective tax rate) - measure of company's tax rate excluding pre-tax special items (described above) and tax special items. the measure provides an ongoing effective rate which investors find useful for historical comparisons and for forecasting. when we provide guidance for adjusted effective tax rate, we do not provide guidance on an effective tax rate basis because the gaap measure will include potentially significant special items that have not yet occurred and are difficult to predict with reasonable certainty prior to year-end, including pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses.
•   company operating cash flow (most comparable gaap measure: net cash provided by / (used in) operating activities) - measure of company's operating cash flow excluding ford credit's operating cash flows. the measure contains elements management considers operating activities, including automotive and mobility capital spending and settlement of derivatives. the measure excludes cash outflows for automotive and mobility funded pension contributions, separation payments, and other items that are considered operating cash outflows under u.s. gaap. this measure is useful to management and investors because it is consistent with management's assessment of the company's operating cash flow performance.
•   ford credit managed receivables (most comparable gaap measure: net finance receivables plus net investment in operating leases) - measure of ford credit's total net receivables, excluding unearned interest supplements and residual support, allowance for credit losses, and other (primarily accumulated supplemental depreciation). the measure is useful to management and investors as it closely approximates the customer's outstanding balance on the receivables, which is the basis for earning revenue.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   ford credit managed leverage (most comparable gaap measure: financial statement leverage) - ford credit's debt-to-equity ratio adjusted (i) to exclude cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (other than amounts related to insurance activities), and (ii) for derivative accounting. the measure is useful to investors because it reflects the way ford credit manages its business. cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are deducted because they generally correspond to excess debt beyond the amount required to support operations and on-balance sheet securitization transactions. derivative accounting adjustments are made to asset, debt, and equity positions to reflect the impact of interest rate instruments used with ford credit's term-debt issuances and securitization transactions. ford credit generally repays its debt obligations as they mature, so the interim effects of changes in market interest rates are excluded in the calculation of managed leverage.
revenue our automotive segment revenue is generated primarily by sales of vehicles, parts, and accessories. revenue is recorded when control is transferred to our customers (generally, our dealers and distributors). for the majority of sales, this occurs when products are shipped from our manufacturing facilities. this is not the case, however, with respect to vehicles produced for sale to daily rental car companies with an obligation to repurchase the vehicle for a guaranteed amount, exercisable at the option of the customer. these vehicles are accounted for as operating leases, with lease revenue and profits recognized over the term of the lease. proceeds from the sale of vehicles at auction are recognized in revenue upon transfer of control of the vehicle to the customer.
most of the vehicles sold by us to our dealers and distributors are financed at wholesale by ford credit. upon ford credit originating the wholesale receivable related to a dealer's purchase of a vehicle, ford credit pays cash to the relevant automotive legal entity in payment of the dealer's obligation for the purchase price of the vehicle. the dealer then pays the wholesale finance receivable to ford credit when it sells the vehicle to a retail customer.
our financial services segment revenue is generated primarily from interest on finance receivables, net of certain deferred origination costs that are included as a reduction of financing revenue, and such revenue is recognized over the term of the receivable using the interest method. also, revenue from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. income is generated to the extent revenues exceed expenses, most of which are interest, depreciation, and operating expenses.
transactions between our automotive and financial services segments occur in the ordinary course of business. for example, we offer special retail financing and lease incentives to dealers' customers who choose to finance or lease our vehicles from ford credit. the cost for these incentives is included in our estimate of variable consideration at the later of the date the related vehicle sales to our dealers are recorded or the date the incentive program is both approved and communicated. in order to compensate ford credit for the lower interest or lease payments offered to the retail customer, we pay the discounted value of the incentive directly to ford credit when it originates the retail finance or lease contract with the dealer's customer. ford credit recognizes the amount over the life of retail finance contracts as an element of financing revenue and over the life of lease contracts as a reduction to depreciation. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for a more detailed discussion of transactions between our automotive and financial services segments.
costs and expenses our income statement classifies our automotive segment total costs and expenses into two categories: (i) cost of sales, and (ii) selling, administrative, and other expenses. we include within cost of sales those costs related to the development, manufacture, and distribution of our vehicles, parts, and accessories. specifically, we include in cost of sales each of the following: material costs (including commodity costs); freight costs; warranty, including product recall costs; labor and other costs related to the development and manufacture of our products; depreciation and amortization; and other associated costs. we include within selling, administrative, and other expenses labor and other costs not directly related to the development and manufacture of our products, including such expenses as advertising and sales promotion costs.
certain of our costs, such as material costs, generally vary directly with changes in volume and mix of production. in our industry, production volume often varies significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. quarterly production volumes experience seasonal shifts throughout the year (including peak retail sales seasons and the impact on production of model changeover and new product launches). as we have seen in recent years, annual production volumes are heavily impacted by external economic factors, including the pace of economic growth and factors such as the availability of consumer credit and cost of fuel.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as a result, we analyze the profit impact of certain cost changes holding constant present-year volume and mix and currency exchange, in order to evaluate our cost trends absent the impact of varying production and currency exchange levels. we analyze these cost changes in the following categories:
•   contribution costs - these costs typically vary with production volume. these costs include material, commodity, warranty, and freight and duty costs.
•   structural costs - these costs typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. these costs include manufacturing, engineering, spending-related, advertising and sales promotion, administrative and selling, and pension and opeb costs.
while contribution costs generally vary directly in proportion to production volume, elements within our structural costs category are impacted to differing degrees by changes in production volume. we also have varying degrees of discretion when it comes to controlling the different elements within our structural costs. for example, depreciation and amortization expense largely is associated with prior capital spending decisions. on the other hand, while labor costs do not vary directly with production volume, manufacturing labor costs may be impacted by changes in volume, for example when we increase overtime, add a production shift, or add personnel to support volume increases. other structural costs, such as advertising or engineering costs, do not necessarily have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. our structural costs generally are within our discretion, although to varying degrees, and can be adjusted over time in response to external factors.
we consider certain structural costs to be a direct investment in future growth and revenue. for example, increases in structural costs are necessary to grow our business and improve profitability as we expand around the world, invest in new products and technologies, respond to increasing industry sales volume, and grow our market share.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for full-year 2017 were $142.9 billion. our automotive segment's material and commodity costs make up the largest portion of these costs and expenses, representing in 2017 about two-thirds of the total amount. structural costs are the largest piece of the remaining balance. although material costs are our largest absolute cost, our margins can be affected significantly by changes in any category of costs.
key economic factors and trends affecting the automotive industry currency exchange rate volatility. the u.s. federal reserve raised its policy interest rate three times in 2017, after single rate increases in 2015 and 2016. central banks in other developed markets have also initiated or signaled the end of an extended period of monetary policy easing. the related shifts in capital flows have contributed to increased volatility for both developed and emerging market currencies globally. emerging markets also face differing inflation backdrops and, in some cases, political instability, contributing to unpredictable movements in the value of their exchange rates.  in addition to direct impacts on the financial flows of global automotive companies, currency movements can also impact pricing of vehicles exported to overseas markets, most notably in the case of the yen. in most markets, exchange rates are market-determined, and all are impacted by many different macroeconomic and policy factors, and thus likely to remain volatile.  however, in some markets, exchange rates are heavily influenced or controlled by governments.
excess capacity. according to ihs automotive, an automotive research firm, the estimated automotive industry global production capacity for light vehicles of about 130 million units exceeded global production by about 35 million units in 2017.  in north america and europe, two regions where a significant share of industry revenue is earned, excess capacity as a percent of production was an estimated 17% and 20%, respectively, in 2017.  in china, the auto industry also witnessed excess capacity at 57% of production in 2017, as manufacturers compete to capitalize on china's future market potential.  according to production capacity data projected by ihs automotive, global excess capacity conditions could continue for several years at an average of about 40 million units per year during the period from 2018 to 2023.
pricing pressure. excess capacity, coupled with a proliferation of new products being introduced in key segments, will keep pressure on manufacturers' ability to increase prices.  in north america, the industry restructuring of the past few years has allowed manufacturers to better match production with demand, although japanese and korean manufacturers also have capacity located outside of the region directed to north america.  in the future, chinese and indian manufacturers are expected to enter u.s. and european markets, further intensifying competition.  over the long term, intense competition and excess capacity will continue to put downward pressure on inflation-adjusted prices for similarly-contented vehicles in the united states and contribute to a challenging pricing environment for the automotive industry.  in europe, the excess capacity situation was exacerbated by weakening demand and the lack of reductions in existing capacity, such that negative pricing pressure is expected to continue for the foreseeable future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
commodity and energy price changes. the price of oil has increased since late 2017, supported by global demand growth and an extended agreement among oil-producing nations to maintain modest output reductions. still, oil prices remain well below prior peaks. in addition, after several years of low prices, stronger global demand has put upward pressure on other commodity prices, including steel, aluminum, and other metals used in the manufacturing of our vehicles.
vehicle profitability. our financial results depend on the profitability of the vehicles we sell, which may vary significantly by vehicle line. in general, larger vehicles tend to command higher prices and be more profitable than smaller vehicles, both across and within vehicle segments. for example, in north america, our larger, more profitable vehicles had an average contribution margin that was about 135% of our total average contribution margin across all vehicles, whereas our smaller vehicles had significantly lower contribution margins. in addition, government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to the consumer. given the backdrop of excess capacity, these regulations could dampen contribution margins.
trade policy. to the extent governments in various regions erect or intensify barriers to imports, or implement currency policy that advantages local exporters selling into the global marketplace, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in markets that promote free trade.  while we believe the long-term trend is toward the growth of free trade, we have noted with concern recent developments in a number of regions.  in asia pacific, for example, a weak yen significantly reduces the cost of exports into the united states, europe, and other global markets by japanese manufacturers.  over a period of time, a weak yen can contribute to other countries pursuing weak currency policies by intervening in the exchange rate markets.  this is particularly likely in other asian countries, such as south korea.  we will continue to monitor and address developing issues around trade policy.
other economic factors. although in recent months interest rates have risen, mature market government bond yields and inflation have remained lower than expected.  at the same time, government deficits and debt remain at high levels in many major markets.  the eventual implications of higher government deficits and debt, with potentially higher long-term interest rates, may drive a higher cost of capital over our planning period.  higher interest rates and/or taxes to address the higher deficits also may impede real growth in gross domestic product and, therefore, vehicle sales over our planning period.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
trends and strategies cities are becoming more congested. fortunately, vehicles that move people in city infrastructures are becoming smarter. our opportunity is to leverage the capability of smart vehicles in smart environments to attack the congestion problem through a new transportation operating system.
we also have an opportunity to improve logistics. currently, there is an inefficient operating system for the delivery of goods. the growth of internet sales has resulted in more deliveries, which is compounding the problem of city congestion. we can imagine a world where smart vehicles in a smart world improve traffic flow, reduce congestion, and improve logistics.
in response to these trends, we refined our strategy in 2017 to focus on resetting revenue and attacking costs in the short-term, and redesigning our business to compete and win in the future. to that end, we have identified five priorities:
1.   rapidly improving our fitness to lower costs, release capital, and finance growth
3.   re-allocating capital to where we can win in the future
4.   continuously innovating to create the most human-centered mobility solutions
5.   empowering our team to work together effectively to compete and win in 2017, we took several actions to help achieve these priorities, including:
•   we launched fitness redesign efforts that are focused on customer centricity, simplicity, speed and agility, efficiency, and accountability
•   we announced collaborations with dominos, lyft, and postmates in the united states to support autonomous vehicle development and testing. we also announced collaborations with mahindra in india and zotye in china to provide access to technology, capabilities, and scale that will enhance our competitive position
•   we invested in autonomic to accelerate growth in digital services
•   we announced a plan to achieve 100% connectivity for new vehicles in the united states by 2019 and 90% globally by 2020
•   we announced that we are shifting toward a lower volume passenger car lineup in north america and europe, and we are playing to our strengths by investing in authentic off-roaders and high performance city crossovers
•   we announced a plan to launch a performance suv battery electric vehicle that offers at least a 300-mile range at the start of 2018, we announced a plan to increase our investment in electrification-expected to be over $11 billion by 2022-to substantially increase the number of battery electric vehicles we offer around the world. and we will have more to announce in 2018 as we remain focused on designing smart vehicles for a smart world that help people move more safely, confidently, and freely.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company net income attributable to ford. the chart below shows our net income attributable to ford for full year 2017:
net income attributable to ford for full year 2017 was $7.6 billion or $1.90 diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock, an increase of $3 billion or $0.75 per share compared with 2016, due to the significantly lower remeasurement loss on pension and opeb plans and favorable tax planning actions. full year 2017 pre-tax results of our automotive segment, financial services segment, all other, special items, and taxes are discussed in the following sections in "results of operations - 2017."
revenue. company revenue for full year 2017 was $156.8 billion, $5 billion higher than 2016.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for full year 2017 were $142.9 billion, an increase of $5.7 billion compared with 2016. the detail for the change is shown below (in billions):
volume and mix, exchange, and other             $(3.9      )
contribution costs material excluding commodities                   (0.1      )
commodities                                      (1.2      )
structural costs                                 (0.7      )
special items                                     0.1
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
equity. at december 31, 2017, total equity attributable to ford was $34.9 billion, an increase of $5.7 billion compared with december 31, 2016. the detail for this change is shown below (in billions):
adoption of accounting standards                                               0.6
common stock issued (including share-based compensation impacts)               0.2
the chart below shows our full year 2017 total company adjusted pre-tax results and pre-tax results of our automotive segment by regional business unit, our financial services segment, and all other.
our company adjusted pre-tax profit for full year 2017 was $8.4 billion, a decrease of $1.9 billion from 2016. our company adjusted pre-tax profit consisted of automotive segment profit of $7.3 billion, a strong profit of $2.2 billion in the financial services segment, and a loss of $1.1 billion in all other.
automotive results were driven by north america. in total, our automotive operations outside north america generated a loss of $252 million, $673 million lower than in 2016 driven largely by expected brexit effects in europe.
our adjusted earnings per share of common and class b stock was $1.78, an increase of $0.02 per share, due to favorable tax planning actions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
automotive segment in general, we measure year-over-year change in automotive segment pre-tax results using the causal factors listed below, with net pricing and cost variances calculated at present-year volume and mix and exchange:
•   market factors:
◦   volume and mix - primarily measures profit variance from changes in wholesale volumes (at prior-year average contribution margin per unit) driven by changes in industry volume, market share, and dealer stocks, as well as the profit variance resulting from changes in product mix, including mix among vehicle lines and mix of trim levels and options within a vehicle line
◦   net pricing - primarily measures profit variance driven by changes in wholesale prices to dealers and marketing incentive programs such as rebate programs, low-rate financing offers, special lease offers, and stock adjustments on dealer inventory
•   contribution costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by per-unit changes in cost categories that typically vary with volume, such as material costs (including commodity and component costs), warranty expense, and freight and duty costs
•   structural costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by absolute change in cost categories that typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. structural costs include the following cost categories:
◦   manufacturing, including volume related - consists primarily of costs for hourly and salaried manufacturing personnel, plant overhead (such as utilities and taxes), and new product launch expense. these costs could be affected by volume for operating pattern actions such as overtime, line-speed, and shift schedules
◦   engineering - consists primarily of costs for engineering personnel, prototype materials, testing, and outside engineering services
◦   spending-related - consists primarily of depreciation and amortization of our manufacturing and engineering assets, but also includes asset retirements and operating leases
◦   advertising and sales promotions - includes costs for advertising, marketing programs, brand promotions, customer mailings and promotional events, and auto shows
◦   administrative and selling - includes primarily costs for salaried personnel and purchased services related to our staff activities and selling functions, as well as associated information technology costs
◦   pension and opeb - consists primarily of past service pension costs and other postretirement employee benefit costs
•   exchange - primarily measures profit variance driven by one or more of the following: (i) transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant entities, (ii) effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars, (iii) effects of remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities of the relevant entities in currencies other than their functional currency, or (iv) results of our foreign currency hedging
•   other - includes a variety of items, such as parts and services profits, royalties, government incentives and compensation-related changes in addition, definitions and calculations used in this report include:
•   wholesales and revenue - wholesale unit volumes include all ford and lincoln badged units (whether produced by ford or by an unconsolidated affiliate) that are sold to dealerships, units manufactured by ford that are sold to other manufacturers, units distributed by ford for other manufacturers, and local brand units produced by our china joint venture, jiangling motors corporation, ltd. ("jmc"), that are sold to dealerships. vehicles sold to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option (i.e., rental repurchase), as well as other sales of finished vehicles for which the recognition of revenue is deferred (e.g., consignments), also are included in wholesale unit volumes. revenue from certain vehicles in wholesale unit volumes (specifically, ford badged vehicles produced and distributed by our unconsolidated affiliates, as well as jmc brand vehicles) are not included in our revenue
•   automotive segment operating margin - defined as automotive segment pre-tax profit divided by automotive segment revenue
•   industry volume and market share - based, in part, on estimated vehicle registrations; includes medium and heavy duty trucks
•   automotive cash - includes cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
references to automotive records for operating cash flow, operating margin, and business units are since at least 2000.
the charts on the following pages detail full year 2017 key metrics and the change in full year 2017 pre-tax results compared with full year 2016 by causal factor for our automotive segment and its business units - north america, south america, europe, middle east & africa, and asia pacific.
shown above are the key financial metrics for our automotive segment for full year 2017.
global industry volume, estimated at 94.9 million units, was up 2.2 million units or 2% compared to a year ago. the increase was driven by asia pacific, europe, and south america.
global market share, at 7%, was down two-tenths of a percentage point, reflecting lower share in asia pacific, europe, and middle east & africa. market share was up in south america and flat in north america.
our automotive operating margin was 5% and pre-tax profit was $7.3 billion. both metrics were lower than a year ago.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
shown above are the factors that contributed to the $2.2 billion decline in full year automotive segment pre-tax profit. the lower profit was primarily explained by higher commodities and adverse exchange. all other factors about offset.
higher commodities were driven by metals, primarily steel, and adverse exchange was driven by the sterling, reflecting brexit effects of about $600 million, along with the canadian dollar, chinese renminbi, and argentine peso.
favorable market factors were driven by improved mix in all regions, excluding south america, and higher net pricing in all regions, except asia pacific, reflecting negative industry pricing in china.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2017, north america generated a full year pre-tax profit of $7.5 billion with an operating margin of 8%.
north america and u.s. industry volume, at 21.5 million units and 17.5 million units, respectively, were each down 300,000 units.
our north america market share was flat, with u.s. share up two-tenths of a point to 14.8%. the increase was driven by f-series (with share up four-tenths), utilities, and lincoln.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america's full year 2017 pre-tax profit was $1.5 billion lower than a year ago. the decrease was driven by higher commodities, mainly steel and other metals; expedition/navigator launch effects, reflecting lower volume and higher costs, both product and structural costs, offset partially by favorable net pricing; and adverse exchange driven primarily by the canadian dollar.
the higher engineering expense primarily reflects utilities, autonomous vehicles, and commercial vehicles.
the favorable mix was driven by the strength of f-series and utilities.
within the united states, average retail transaction prices were $1,300 per vehicle higher compared to a year ago, more than double the industry average increase. (average retail transaction prices are based on j.d. power and associates pin data). our incentives were up slightly as a percent of revenue, but less than the industry average.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2017, south america generated a pre-tax loss of $784 million, an improvement of $325 million, or 29%, from a year ago.
all full year key metrics were improved from a year ago, as macroeconomic conditions continue to show signs of improvement.
industry volume for the region, at 4.2 million units, was 13% higher than 2016 due to growth in brazil and argentina.
our market share for the region, at 8.9%, was up one-tenth of a percentage point due to the strong performance of ka in brazil.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
south america's full year 2017 pre-tax loss improved $325 million compared to a year ago due to higher industry volume and favorable net pricing. this was partially offset by unfavorable cost performance due to the effects of high inflation and higher product costs net of efficiencies, driven by the all-new ecosport.
unfavorable exchange was primarily due to the weaker argentine peso.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2017, europe delivered a full year pre-tax profit of $234 million and an operating margin of 0.8%, both down sharply from a year ago.
europe industry volume, at 20.9 million units, was 4% higher than a year ago.
europe's market share, at 7.5%, was down two-tenths of a percentage point reflecting limited product availability, primarily due to the all-new fiesta launch ramp-up.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe's full year 2017 pre-tax profit was $971 million lower than a year ago driven by brexit effects, reflecting the weaker sterling and lower u.k. industry, offset partially by favorable net pricing in the united kingdom; higher commodities, mainly steel and other metals; fiesta launch effects, reflecting lower volume and higher costs, both product and structural costs, offset partially by favorable net pricing; and higher warranty costs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2017, middle east & africa generated a pre-tax loss of $263 million, an improvement of $39 million, or 13%, from a year ago.
wholesale volume was lower than a year ago, as the sharp and sustained decline of the middle east industries required the distributors to adjust their stock level in line with the lower industry level.
industry volume for the region, at 3.6 million units, was down 100,000 units from 2016. within this, the markets where we participate declined 300,000 units.
our market share was 3.9%, down six-tenths of a percentage point due to unfavorable market mix and market performance in the middle east.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
middle east & africa's full year 2017 pre-tax result improved $39 million from a year ago. all factors improved other than volume.
favorable cost performance and exchange, reflecting the stronger south african rand and euro, offset lower volume.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2017, asia pacific generated a pre-tax profit of $561 million and an operating margin of 4%, both down from a year ago.
asia pacific industry volume was 44.8 million units, up 1.4 million units from 2016, including a 700,000 unit increase in china industry volume, estimated at 28.2 million units, and a 300,000 unit increase in india industry volume, estimated at 4 million units.
our asia pacific market share was 3.4%, down three-tenths of a percentage point. china share decreased four-tenths of a percentage point to 4.2%, reflecting increased competitive entries, primarily in the suv segment.
our china joint ventures contributed $916 million to pre-tax profit, reflecting our equity share of the unconsolidated jvs' after-tax earnings. this was $523 million lower than last year. net income margin was 10.9%, down 3.7 percentage points. the decline in margin reflects negative industry pricing in china and a higher mix of vehicles with engine displacement of 1.6 liters or lower.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
asia pacific's full year 2017 pre-tax profit was $66 million lower than a year ago due to market performance in china and unfavorable exchange.
favorable cost performance reflects our continued focus on material cost reductions.
unfavorable exchange was driven by the chinese renminbi and thai baht.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services segment in general, we measure year-over-year changes in ford credit's pre-tax results using the causal factors listed below:
◦   volume primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by changes in average managed receivables at prior period financing margin yield (defined below in financing margin) at prior period exchange rates. volume changes are primarily driven by the volume of new and used vehicle sales and leases, the extent to which ford credit purchases retail installment sale and lease contracts, the extent to which ford credit provides wholesale financing, the sales price of the vehicles financed, the level of dealer inventories, ford-sponsored special financing programs available exclusively through ford credit, and the availability of cost-effective funding for the purchase of retail installment sale and lease contracts and to provide wholesale financing
◦   mix primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by period over period changes in the composition of ford credit's average managed receivables by product and by country or region
◦   financing margin variance is the period-to-period change in financing margin yield multiplied by the present period average managed receivables at prior period exchange rates. this calculation is performed at the product and country level and then aggregated. financing margin yield equals revenue, less interest expense and scheduled depreciation for the period, divided by average managed receivables for the same period
◦   financing margin changes are driven by changes in revenue and interest expense. changes in revenue are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, cost assumptions in pricing, mix of business, and competitive environment. changes in interest expense are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, borrowing spreads, and asset-liability management
•   credit loss:
◦   credit loss is the change in the provision for credit losses at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits the provision for credit losses into net charge-offs and the change in the allowance for credit losses
◦   net charge-off changes are primarily driven by the number of repossessions, severity per repossession, and recoveries. changes in the allowance for credit losses are primarily driven by changes in historical trends in credit losses and recoveries, changes in the composition and size of ford credit's present portfolio, changes in trends in historical used vehicle values, and changes in economic conditions. for additional information on the allowance for credit losses, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" section
◦   lease residual measures changes to residual performance at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits residual performance primarily into residual gains and losses, and the change in accumulated supplemental depreciation
◦   residual gain and loss changes are primarily driven by the number of vehicles returned to ford credit and sold, and the difference between the auction value and the depreciated value (which includes both base and accumulated supplemental depreciation) of the vehicles sold. changes in accumulated supplemental depreciation are primarily driven by changes in ford credit's estimate of the expected auction value at the end of the lease term, and changes in the estimate of the number of vehicles that will be returned to it and sold. for additional information on accumulated supplemental depreciation, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases" section
•   exchange:
◦   reflects changes in pre-tax results driven by the effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars
◦   primarily includes operating expenses, other revenue, and insurance expenses at prior period exchange rates
◦   changes in operating expenses are primarily driven by salaried personnel costs, facilities costs, and costs associated with the origination and servicing of customer contracts
◦   in general, other revenue changes are primarily driven by changes in earnings related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives (primarily related to movements in interest rates) and other miscellaneous items
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in addition, the following definitions and calculations apply to ford credit when used in this report:
•   cash (as shown on the funding structure, liquidity sources, and leverage charts) - cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, excluding amounts related to insurance activities
•   securitizations (as shown on the public term funding plan chart) - public securitizations, rule 144a offerings sponsored by ford credit, and widely distributed offerings by ford credit canada
•   term asset-backed securities (as shown on the funding structure chart) - obligations issued in securitization transactions that are payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements
•   total debt (as shown on the leverage chart) - debt on ford credit's balance sheet. includes debt issued in securitizations and payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions
•   total net receivables (as shown on the key metrics and receivables reconciliation charts) - includes finance receivables (retail and wholesale) sold for legal purposes and net investment in operating leases included in securitization transactions that do not satisfy the requirements for accounting sale treatment. these receivables and operating leases are reported on ford credit's balance sheet and are available only for payment of the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions; they are not available to pay the other obligations of ford credit or the claims of ford credit's other creditors in 2017, ford credit's full year pre-tax profit was $2.3 billion. receivables were higher with growth globally led by retail receivables.
average placement fico scores remained strong, and ford credit's origination, servicing, and collection practices continued to be disciplined and consistent. the loss-to-receivables ratio of 53 basis points was up 6 basis points and within expectations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's full year 2017 pre-tax profit was $431 million higher than 2016, led primarily by receivables growth, lease residual performance, and financing margin.
the improvement in lease residual performance was driven by higher than expected auction values.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
all other all other is a combination of central treasury operations and ford smart mobility llc, two operating segments that did not meet the quantitative thresholds in this reporting period to qualify as reportable segments.
the central treasury operations segment is primarily engaged in decision making for investments, risk management activities, and providing financing for the automotive segment. interest income (excluding interest earned on our extended service contract portfolio that is included in our automotive segment), interest expense, gains and losses on cash equivalents and marketable securities, and foreign exchange derivatives associated with intercompany lending are included in the results of central treasury operations. the underlying assets and liabilities, primarily cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, debt, and derivatives, remain with the automotive segment.
ford smart mobility llc is a subsidiary formed to design, build, grow, and invest in mobility services. designed to compete like a start-up company, ford smart mobility llc designs and builds mobility services on its own, and collaborates with start-ups and tech companies.
in 2017, pre-tax results for all other were a loss of $1.1 billion, a $203 million greater loss compared with a year ago. this increase is primarily explained by higher net interest expense and ford smart mobility llc's results.
special items our pre-tax and tax special items were as follows:
taxes our provision for income taxes for full year 2017 was $520 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 6.4%, both lower than 2016, reflecting benefits for foreign tax credits expected to be realized in the foreseeable future, non-u.s. restructuring, and the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
our full year 2017 adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes special items, was 15.3%, reflecting the same benefits from foreign tax credits mentioned above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company net income attributable to ford. the chart below shows our net income attributable to ford for full year 2016:
net income attributable to ford for full year 2016 was $4.6 billion or $1.15 diluted earnings per share of common and class b stock, a decrease of $2.8 billion or $0.69 per share compared with 2015. full year 2016 pre-tax results of our automotive segment, financial services segment, all other, and special items, as well as taxes are discussed in the following sections in "results of operations - 2016."
revenue. company revenue for full year 2016 was $151.8 billion, $2.2 billion higher than a year ago.
cost of sales and selling, administrative, and other expenses for the full year 2016 were $137.2 billion, an increase of about $1.9 billion compared with 2015. the detail for the change is shown below (in billions):
volume and mix, exchange, and other             $(0.1      )
contribution costs material excluding commodities                   (0.3      )
commodities                           0.9
structural costs                                 (1.5      )
special items                                    (0.5      )
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
equity. at december 31, 2016, total equity attributable to ford was $29.2 billion, an increase of $0.5 billion compared with december 31, 2015. the detail for this change is shown below (in billions):
compensation-related equity issuances               0.2
the chart below shows our full year 2016 total company adjusted pre-tax results and pre-tax results of our automotive segment by regional business unit, our financial services segment, and all other, which is mainly net interest expense.
our total company adjusted pre-tax profit for full year 2016 was $10.4 billion, or $1.76 of adjusted earnings per share of common and class b stock, a decrease of $425 million or $0.17 per share compared with 2015. our total company adjusted pre-tax profit consisted of our second-best automotive segment profit of $9.4 billion, a solid profit of $1.8 billion in the financial services segment, and a loss of $867 million in all other.
automotive results were driven by north america, a record profit in europe, and the second-best profit in asia pacific.
in total, our automotive operations outside north america delivered a full year profit of $421 million, $198 million higher than in 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
automotive segment the charts on the following pages detail full year 2016 key metrics and the change in full year 2016 pre-tax results compared with full year 2015 by causal factor for our automotive segment and its business units - north america, south america, europe, middle east & africa, and asia pacific.
shown above are the key financial metrics for our automotive segment for full year 2016. wholesales and revenue were about the same as 2015 with all other metrics down, consistent with our expectations for the year.
global industry volume, estimated at 91.4 million units, was up 3.2 million units or 4%. the increase was driven by industry gains in asia pacific, europe, and north america.
global market share was down one-tenth of a percentage point driven by lower market share in north america and south america. market share was flat in europe and higher in middle east & africa and asia pacific.
our automotive operating margin was 6.7% and pre-tax profit was $9.4 billion. both metrics were the second-best for a full year and only slightly lower than our record performance in 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
shown above are the factors that contributed to the $146 million decline in full year 2016 automotive segment pre-tax profit. the lower profit was more than explained by higher warranty costs, including about $600 million for the door latch recall we announced in the third quarter of 2016.
market factors were favorable, driven by strong mix in all regions except south america. this more than offset unfavorable dealer stock changes which reflected stock reductions this year compared to increases in 2015 in north america, europe, and asia pacific.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america generated a full year 2016 pre-tax profit of $9 billion with an operating margin of 9.7%.
north america industry, at 21.8 million units, was up 300,000 units, reflecting increases in mexico, the united states, and canada. u.s. industry, at 17.9 million units, was up 100,000 units.
our north america market share was down one-tenth of a percentage point, with u.s. share down by one-tenth of a point to 14.6%. the decrease was driven by lower retail sales, mainly cars. f-series retail share was a partial offset, improving two-tenths from 2015.
included in north america's profit is about $600 million for the door latch recall we announced in the third quarter of 2016, which negatively impacted north america's operating margin by six-tenths of a percentage point.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america's full year pre-tax 2016 profit was $344 million lower than 2015 driven by unfavorable stock changes and higher recall costs.
the unfavorable stock changes reflect decreases in dealer stock this year compared to increases in 2015 when we were building f-150 stock after the kansas city plant launch. it also reflects actions to align production to demand for several vehicles.
the higher product costs reflect primarily the impact of our first major refresh of the super duty.
within the united states, average retail transaction prices were $1,300 per vehicle higher compared to 2015, more than double the industry average increase. (average retail transaction prices are based on j.d. power and associates pin data). our incentives were up as a percent of revenue, but less than the industry average.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
all full year 2016 key metrics were lower than 2015, reflecting the difficult external environment.
industry volume for the region, at 3.7 million units, was 500,000 units lower than 2015 due to brazil.
our market share for the region, at 8.8%, was down eight-tenths of a percentage point, reflecting our continued focus on optimizing more profitable share amid higher industry discounting.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
south america's full year 2016 loss was $277 million greater than in 2015. this was more than explained by the unfavorable effects of high local inflation and weaker local currencies exceeding higher net pricing and favorable cost performance.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe delivered a record full year profit of $1.2 billion and a record operating margin of 4.2% in 2016, both up sharply from 2015.
europe industry volume, at 20.1 million units, was 5% higher than 2015.
europe's market share, at 7.7%, was unchanged from 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe's full year 2016 pre-tax profit improved $946 million from 2015. this was driven by favorable mix, reflecting increasing demand for our higher trim series across all major vehicle lines, and improved cost performance, reflecting our continued focus on material cost reductions. improved results in russia also contributed to europe's favorable year-over-year profit improvement.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
middle east & africa's operating margin and pre-tax results in 2016 were down sharply from 2015, reflecting difficult external conditions resulting in lower volume and unfavorable exchange, primarily the south african rand.
industry volume for the region, at 3.6 million units, was down 700,000 units from 2015. lower industry volume was the primary driver in the 14% reduction in our wholesale volume. our market share for the region was 4.5%, up one-tenth of a percentage point.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2016, asia pacific generated its second-best full year pre-tax profit.
asia pacific industry was 42.1 million units, up 3.0 million units from 2015, primarily explained by a 2.9 million unit increase in china industry volume, estimated at 26.4 million units. the increase was driven by the government purchase tax incentive for vehicles with engine displacements of 1.6 liters or lower.
our asia pacific market share was 3.8%, up two-tenths of a percentage point. the improvement in share was driven by new product introductions, including taurus, edge, lincoln mkx, and lincoln mkz.
our china joint ventures contributed $1.4 billion to asia pacific's pre-tax profit, reflecting our equity share of the unconsolidated jvs' after-tax earnings; this was $75 million lower than in 2015. our china joint ventures' net income margin was 14.6%, a reduction of 1 percentage point from 2015. the decline in margin reflects negative industry pricing in china and a higher mix of vehicles with engine displacement of 1.6 liters or lower.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
asia pacific's full year 2016 profit was $627 million, down $138 million from 2015, reflecting lower net pricing, adverse exchange effects (mainly a weaker chinese renminbi), and unfavorable cost performance.
unfavorable cost performance was driven by cost increases to support higher volumes and continued investment for future product and regulatory actions. the investments in structural cost were offset partially by our continued focus on material cost efficiencies.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services segment ford credit's receivables in 2016 were higher than 2015, in line with expectations, and while full year pre-tax profit was lower, it remained solid at $1.9 billion. portfolio performance remained robust, despite higher ltrs. origination, servicing, and collection practices remained disciplined and consistent.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's lower full year 2016 pre-tax profit is primarily explained by unfavorable lease residual performance and credit losses. favorable volume and mix, driven by growth in consumer and non-consumer finance receivables globally and operating leases in north america, was a partial offset. lease residual performance primarily reflects higher depreciation in north america as we expect lower auction values in the future. credit loss performance primarily reflects higher charge-offs in north america.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
all other our full year 2016 all other pre-tax results were a loss of $867 million, a $71 million higher loss compared with 2015. this increase is more than explained by higher net interest expense, offset partially by lower net losses on cash equivalents and marketable securities.
special items our pre-tax and tax special items were as follows:
taxes our provision for income taxes for full year 2016 was $2.2 billion, resulting in an effective tax rate of 32.2%.
our full year 2016 adjusted effective tax rate, which excludes special items, was 31.9%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources automotive segment liquidity. one of our key priorities is to maintain a strong balance sheet, while at the same time having resources available to invest in and grow our business. based on our planning assumptions, we believe we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to continue to invest in new products and services that customers want and value, transform and grow our business, pay our debts and obligations as and when they come due, pay a sustainable regular dividend at the current level, and provide protection within an uncertain global economic environment.
our key balance sheet metrics include total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (collectively "automotive cash"), automotive liquidity, which includes automotive cash and total available committed credit lines, and cash net of debt.
at december 31, 2017, we had $26.5 billion of automotive cash, of which about 90% was held by consolidated entities domiciled in the united states. we target to have an average ongoing automotive cash balance of about $20 billion. we expect to have periods when we will be above or below this amount due to (i) future cash flow expectations, such as for investments in future opportunities, capital investments, debt maturities, pension contributions, or restructuring requirements, (ii) short-term timing differences, and (iii) changes in the global economic environment.
our automotive cash investments primarily include u.s. department of treasury obligations, federal agency securities, bank time deposits with investment-grade institutions, corporate investment-grade securities, commercial paper rated a-1/p-1 or higher, and debt obligations of a select group of non-u.s. governments, non-u.s. governmental agencies, and supranational institutions. the average maturity of these investments is approximately one year, and is adjusted based on market conditions and liquidity needs. we monitor our automotive cash levels and average maturity on a daily basis.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in addition to our target automotive cash balance, we also target to maintain a corporate credit facility, discussed below, for our automotive business of about $10 billion to protect against exogenous shocks. we assess the appropriate long-term target for total automotive liquidity, which includes automotive cash and the corporate credit facility, to be about $30 billion, which is an amount we believe is sufficient to support our business priorities and to protect our business. at december 31, 2017, we had $37.4 billion of automotive liquidity. our automotive cash and automotive liquidity targets could be reduced over time based on improved operating performance and changes in our risk profile.
changes in automotive cash. changes in automotive cash are summarized below:
in managing our automotive business, we classify changes in automotive cash into operating and other items. operating items include: automotive segment pre-tax profits, capital spending, depreciation and tooling amortization, changes in working capital, and all other and timing differences. non-operating items include: separation payments, transactions with other segments, acquisitions and divestitures, changes in automotive debt, contributions to funded pension plans, and shareholder distributions.
automotive operating cash flow was $3.9 billion in 2017, more than explained by automotive segment pre-tax profits. automotive total cash outflow of $1 billion in 2017 includes $1.4 billion of funded pension contributions and $2.7 billion of shareholder distributions.
capital spending was $7 billion in 2017 and is projected to be about $7.5 billion in 2018. based on expected cash flows and the identification of additional opportunities for profitable growth, the ongoing amount of capital spending to support product development, growth, restructuring, and infrastructure is expected to be about $8 billion annually through 2021.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
with respect to "changes in working capital," in general we carry relatively low automotive segment trade receivables compared with our trade payables because the majority of our automotive wholesales are financed (primarily by ford credit) immediately upon sale of vehicles to dealers, which generally occurs shortly after being produced. in addition, our inventories are lean because we build to order, not for inventory. in contrast, our automotive trade payables are based primarily on industry-standard production supplier payment terms generally ranging between 30 days to 45 days. as a result, our cash flow tends to improve as wholesale volumes increase, but can deteriorate significantly when wholesale volumes drop sharply. these working capital balances generally are subject to seasonal changes that can impact cash flow. for example, we typically experience cash flow timing differences associated with inventories and payables due to our annual summer and december shutdown periods, when production, and therefore inventories and wholesale volumes, are usually at their lowest levels, while payables continue to come due and be paid. the net impact of this typically results in cash outflows from changes in our working capital balances during these shutdown periods.
available credit lines. total committed automotive credit lines at december 31, 2017 were $12.1 billion, consisting of $10.4 billion of our corporate credit facility and $1.7 billion of local credit facilities available to non-u.s. automotive affiliates.  at december 31, 2017, the utilized portion of the corporate credit facility was about $35 million, representing amounts utilized for letters of credit.  at december 31, 2017, the utilized portion of the local credit facilities was about $1.1 billion.
lenders under our corporate credit facility have commitments to us totaling $13.4 billion, with 75% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2022 and 25% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2020. we have allocated $3 billion of commitments to ford credit on an irrevocable and exclusive basis to support its liquidity. any borrowings by ford credit under the corporate credit facility would be guaranteed by us.
the corporate credit facility is unsecured and free of material adverse change conditions to borrowing, restrictive financial covenants (for example, interest or fixed charge coverage ratio, debt-to-equity ratio, and minimum net worth requirements), and credit rating triggers that could limit our ability to obtain funding. the corporate credit facility contains a liquidity covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum of $4 billion in aggregate of domestic cash, cash equivalents, and loaned and marketable securities and/or availability under the facility. if our senior, unsecured, long-term debt does not maintain at least two investment grade ratings from fitch, moody's, and s&p (each as defined under "credit ratings" below), the guarantees of certain subsidiaries will be required.
debt. total automotive debt at december 31, 2017 was $15.9 billion, unchanged from december 31, 2016.
u.s. department of energy ("doe") advanced technology vehicle manufacturer ("atvm") incentive program. see note 18 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding the atvm loan.
leverage. we manage automotive debt levels with a leverage framework to maintain strong, investment grade credit ratings through a normal business cycle. the leverage framework includes a ratio of automotive debt, underfunded pension liabilities, operating leases, and other adjustments, divided by automotive income before income tax, adjusted for depreciation, amortization, interest expense on automotive debt, and other adjustments. ford credit's leverage is described in the liquidity - financial services section of item 7. ford credit is self-funding and its debt, which is used to fund its operations, is separate from our automotive debt.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services segment ford credit funding overview. ford credit's primary funding and liquidity objective is to be well capitalized with a strong, investment grade balance sheet and ample liquidity to support its financing activities and growth under a variety of market conditions, including short-term and long-term market disruptions. ford credit's funding strategy remains focused on diversification, and it plans to continue accessing a variety of markets, channels, and investors.
ford credit's liquidity profile continues to be diverse, robust, and focused on maintaining liquidity levels that meet its business and funding requirements. ford credit annually stress tests its balance sheet and liquidity to ensure that it continues to meet its financial obligations through economic cycles.
funding sources. ford credit's funding sources include primarily unsecured debt and securitization transactions (including other structured financings). ford credit issues both short-term and long-term debt that is held by both institutional and retail investors, with long-term debt having an original maturity of more than 12 months. ford credit sponsors a number of securitization programs that can be structured to provide both short-term and long-term funding through institutional investors in the united states and international capital markets.
ford credit obtains short-term unsecured funding from the sale of floating rate demand notes under its ford interest advantage program and by issuing unsecured commercial paper in the united states and other international markets. at december 31, 2017, the principal amount outstanding of ford interest advantage notes, which may be redeemed at any time at the option of the holders thereof without restriction, was $5.5 billion. at december 31, 2017, the principal amount outstanding of ford credit's unsecured commercial paper was $4.9 billion, which primarily represents issuance under its commercial paper program in the united states. ford credit maintains multiple sources of readily available liquidity to fund the payment of its unsecured short-term debt obligations.
funding portfolio. the chart below shows the trends in funding for ford credit's managed receivables:
managed receivables of $151 billion as of december 31, 2017 were funded primarily with term debt and term asset-backed securities. securitized funding as a percent of managed receivables was 35%.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit expects the mix of securitized funding to remain around 35%. the calendarization of the funding plan will result in quarterly fluctuations of the securitized funding percentage.
public term funding plan. the chart below shows ford credit's issuances for full-year 2015, 2016, and 2017, and its planned issuances for full-year 2018, excluding short-term funding programs:
in 2017, ford credit completed $32 billion of public term funding. for 2018, ford credit projects full-year public term funding in the range of $27 billion to $33 billion. ford credit's total unsecured public term funding plan is categorized by currency of issuance. ford credit plans to issue its euro-denominated debt from the united states. through february 7, 2018, ford credit has completed $4.3 billion of public term issuances.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity. the chart below shows ford credit's liquidity sources and utilization:
ford credit's liquidity available for use will fluctuate quarterly based on factors including near-term debt maturities, receivable growth, and timing of funding transactions. ford credit targets liquidity of at least $25 billion. at december 31, 2017, ford credit's liquidity available for use was $29.5 billion, $2.5 billion higher than year-end 2016.
ford credit's sources of liquidity include cash, committed asset-backed facilities, unsecured credit facilities, and the corporate credit facility allocation.
ford credit's balance sheet is inherently liquid because of the short-term nature of its finance receivables, investment in operating leases, and cash. ford credit ensures its cumulative debt maturities have a longer tenor than its cumulative asset maturities. this positive maturity profile is intended to provide ford credit with additional liquidity after all of its assets have been funded.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
leverage.  ford credit uses leverage, or the debt-to-equity ratio, to make various business decisions, including evaluating and establishing pricing for finance receivable and operating lease financing, and assessing its capital structure.
the chart below shows the calculation of ford credit's financial statement leverage and managed leverage:
ford credit believes that managed leverage is useful to its investors because it reflects the way ford credit manages its business. ford credit deducts cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excluding amounts related to insurance activities) because they generally correspond to excess debt beyond the amount required to support its operations and amounts to support on-balance sheet securitization transactions. ford credit makes derivative accounting adjustments to its assets, debt, and equity positions to reflect the impact of interest rate instruments ford credit uses in connection with its term-debt issuances and securitization transactions. the derivative accounting adjustments related to these instruments vary over the term of the underlying debt and securitized funding obligations based on changes in market interest rates. ford credit generally repays its debt obligations as they mature. as a result, ford credit excludes the impact of these derivative accounting adjustments on both the numerator and denominator in order to exclude the interim effects of changes in market interest rates.
ford credit plans its managed leverage by considering prevailing market conditions and the risk characteristics of its business. at december 31, 2017, ford credit's financial statement leverage was 8.7:1, and managed leverage was 8.0:1. ford credit targets managed leverage in the range of 8:1 to 9:1.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company pension plan contributions and strategy. our strategy is to reduce the risk of our funded defined benefit pension plans, including minimizing the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to pension liabilities and the need for unplanned use of capital resources to fund the plans. the strategy reduces balance sheet, cash flow, and income exposures and, in turn, reduces our risk profile. we have made significant progress in implementing this strategy over the last several years. for example, we have limited liability growth by closing our funded plans to new participants and have reduced plan deficits through discretionary contributions. going forward, we expect to:
•   limit our pension contributions to offset ongoing service cost or meet regulatory requirements, if any;
•   continue progressively re-balancing assets to more fixed income investments, with a target asset allocation of about 80% fixed income investments and 20% growth assets, which will provide a better matching of plan assets to the characteristics of the liabilities, thereby reducing our net exposure; and
•   evaluate strategic actions to reduce pension liabilities, such as plan design changes, curtailments, or settlements worldwide, our defined benefit pension plans were underfunded by $6.6 billion at december 31, 2017, an improvement of $2.3 billion from december 31, 2016, primarily as a result of asset returns, demographics, and contributions offsetting lower discount rates. of the $6.6 billion underfunded status at year-end 2017, $6.5 billion, or about 98%, is associated with our unfunded plans. these are "pay as you go," with benefits paid from general company cash. these unfunded plans primarily include certain plans in germany, and u.s. defined benefit plans for senior management.
asset returns in 2017 for our u.s. plans were 13.4%, reflecting fixed income gains as long-term interest rates fell. the fixed income mix in our u.s. plans at year-end 2017 was 76%, one percentage point higher than year-end 2016. asset returns for our non-u.s. plans were 4.5%, reflecting fixed income gains offset by unfavorable exchange. the fixed income mix in our non-u.s. plans at year-end 2017 was 80%, four percentage points higher than year-end 2016.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2017, we contributed $1.4 billion (most of which were mandatory contributions) to our global funded pension plans, an increase of $200 million compared with 2016. the contributions in 2017 included a pull-ahead of about $500 million of 2018 planned funding into the fourth quarter of 2017 to achieve a cash tax benefit. as a result of this pull-ahead, during 2018, we expect to contribute about $500 million (most of which are mandatory contributions) from automotive cash to our global funded pension plans. we also expect to make about $350 million of benefit payments to participants in unfunded plans, for a combined total of $850 million. based on current assumptions and regulations, we do not expect to have a legal requirement to fund our major u.s. plans in 2018. after 2018, we expect contributions to our global funded plans of about $1 billion per year, limited to ongoing service cost. our global funded plans are now fully funded in aggregate, which is an important milestone demonstrating the effectiveness of our de-risking strategy and our commitment to a strong balance sheet.
for a detailed discussion of our pension plans, see note 17 of the notes to the financial statements.
return on invested capital. we analyze total company performance using a return on invested capital ("roic") financial metric based on an after-tax rolling five-year average, which we believe is appropriate given our industry's product and investment cycles. the following table contains the calculation of our roic for the years shown:
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
credit ratings our short-term and long-term debt is rated by four credit rating agencies designated as nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") by the u.s. securities and exchange commission:
•dbrs limited ("dbrs");
•fitch, inc. ("fitch");
•standard & poor's ratings services, a division of mcgraw hill financial ("s&p")
in several markets, locally-recognized rating agencies also rate us. a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the credit risk associated with a corporate entity or particular securities issued by that entity. rating agencies' ratings of us are based on information provided by us and other sources. credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities, and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating agency may have different criteria for evaluating company risk and, therefore, ratings should be evaluated independently for each rating agency.
the following rating actions were taken by these nrsros since the filing of our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2017:
•   on january 30, 2018, moody's revised the outlook to negative from stable for ford and ford credit and affirmed their ratings.
the following chart summarizes certain of the credit ratings and outlook presently assigned by these four nrsros:
nrsro ratings ford                                                                                                   ford credit                                                                        nrsros issuerdefault / corporate / issuer rating       long-term senior unsecured       outlook / trend       long-term senior unsecured        short-termunsecured        outlook / trend       minimum long-term investment grade rating dbrs      bbb                                             bbb                              stable                bbb                               r-2m                       stable                bbb (low)
fitch     bbb                                             bbb                              stable                bbb                               f2                         stable                bbb-
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2018 major external factors assumptions based on the current environment, we have assumed the following for 2018:
•u.s. volume in the low-17 million unit range, including medium-heavy trucks, slightly lower than 2017;
•brazil volume in the mid-2 million unit range, up roughly 20 percent from 2017;
•total europe volume in the low-21 million unit range, up slightly from 2017; and
•china volume in the mid-28 million units range, up slightly from 2017
we expect prices of most key metals to rise in 2018 and remain above the 10-year historical mean. we also expect continued headwinds from currency exchange rates.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
production volumes our full year 2017 production volumes and first quarter 2018 forecast production volumes for our automotive business units are as follows:
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2018 company guidance based on the current economic environment, our company guidance for 2018 includes the following:
we expect company revenue to be about flat to up modestly as favorable company-specific drivers more than offset slightly lower volumes in the united states.
we expect adjusted eps in the range of $1.45 to $1.70. the low end of the range reflects the normal volatility we could see from recalls and further pressure from exchange and commodity prices. it also recognizes potential challenges in fully delivering the recovery actions we have developed and deployed to offset the adverse year-over-year impact of commodities and exchange. we also expect:
•   automotive profit to be flat to lower than in 2017 with continued headwinds from commodities and exchange, and higher market factors driven by mix and net pricing;
•   mobility to have a higher loss due to increased investments in autonomous vehicles and mobility-related capabilities and services; and
•   ford credit profit to remain strong but lower than 2017 due to adverse financing margin from interest rates and derivative revaluation.
we expect to generate positive company operating cash flow, though lower than 2017, driven by adverse working capital and unfavorable timing and other differences.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
cautionary note on forward-looking statements statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including the following factors:
•   ford's long-term competitiveness depends on the successful execution of fitness actions;
•   industry sales volume, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, could decline if there is a financial crisis, recession, or significant geopolitical event;
•   ford's new and existing products and mobility services are subject to market acceptance;
•   ford's results are dependent on sales of larger, more profitable vehicles, particularly in the united states;
•   ford may face increased price competition resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, or other factors;
•   fluctuations in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, and interest rates can have a significant effect on results;
•   with a global footprint, ford's results could be adversely affected by economic, geopolitical, protectionist trade policies, or other events;
•   ford's production, as well as ford's suppliers' production, could be disrupted by labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, financial distress, production difficulties, or other factors;
•   ford's ability to maintain a competitive cost structure could be affected by labor or other constraints;
•   pension and other postretirement liabilities could adversely affect ford's liquidity and financial condition;
•   economic and demographic experience for pension and other postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns) could be worse than ford has assumed;
•   ford's vehicles could be affected by defects that result in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs;
•   safety, emissions, fuel economy, and other regulations affecting ford may become more stringent;
•   ford could experience unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise;
•   ford's receipt of government incentives could be subject to reduction, termination, or clawback;
•   operational systems, security systems, and vehicles could be affected by cyber incidents;
•   ford credit's access to debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts could be affected by credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors;
•   ford credit could experience higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles;
•   ford credit could face increased competition from banks, financial institutions, or other third parties seeking to increase their share of financing ford vehicles; and
•   ford credit could be subject to new or increased credit regulations, consumer or data protection regulations, or other regulations.
we cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forward-looking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. it is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
non-gaap financial measure reconciliations the following charts show our non-gaap financial measure reconciliations for: adjusted pre-tax profit, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate, and ford credit managed receivables. the gaap reconciliation for ford credit managed leverage can be found in the financial services segment section of "liquidity and capital resources."
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2017 supplemental financial information the tables below provide supplemental consolidating financial information. the data is presented by our reportable segments, automotive and financial services. all other, special items, and adjustments include our operating segments that did not meet the quantitative threshold to qualify as a reportable segment, special items (which primarily consists of our pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses), eliminations of intersegment transactions, and deferred tax netting.
selected income statement information. the following table provides supplemental income statement information by segment (in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2017
automotive            financialservices             all other, special items, &amp; adjustments              consolidated total revenues                                                                     $145,653                    $11,113                                            $10                            $156,776
total costs and expenses                                                            142,268                      9,104                                            591                             151,963
equity in net income of affiliated companies                                          1,169                         32                                              -                               1,201
income/(loss) before income taxes                                                     7,259                      2,248                                         (1,359                )              8,148
provision for/(benefit from) income taxes                                             2,365                       (696       )                                 (1,149                )                520
less: income/(loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                             26                          -                                              -                                  26
net income/(loss) attributable to ford motor company                                 $4,868                     $2,944                                          $(210                )             $7,602
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected balance sheet information. the following tables provide supplemental balance sheet information by segment (in millions):
assets                                                   automotive           financialservices       all other &amp; adjustments                   consolidated cash and cash equivalents                              $8,930                    $9,558               $4                                          $18,492
marketable securities                                  17,554                     2,881               -                                            20,435
financial services finance receivables, net                 -                    52,210               -                                            52,210
other assets                                            2,631                     1,258               -                                             3,889
total current assets                                   43,498                    74,403               (1,999                  )                   115,902
financial services finance receivables, net                 -                    56,182               -                                            56,182
net investment in operating leases                      1,574                    26,661               -                                            28,235
equity in net assets of affiliated companies            2,984                       101               -                                             3,085
other assets                                            6,329                     1,702                                  73                         8,104
total assets                                         $102,885                  $160,338               $(5,415                 )                  $257,808
liabilities payables                                                $22,115        $1,162             $5               $23,282
other liabilities and deferred revenue                   18,278         1,403             16                19,697
automotive debt payable within one year                   3,356             -              -                 3,356
financial services debt payable within one year               -        48,265              -                48,265
total current liabilities                                45,694        50,830         (1,924   )            94,600
other liabilities and deferred revenue                   23,602         1,107              2                24,711
financial services long-term debt                             -        90,091              -                90,091
total liabilities                                       $82,879      $145,329        $(5,416   )          $222,792
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
selected cash flow information. the following tables provide supplemental cash flow information by segment (in millions):
for the year ended december 31, 2017
cash flows from operating activities                                                                                 automotive            financialservices        all other &amp; adjustments                    consolidated net income                                                                                                         $4,894                     $2,944                $(210                   )                     $7,628
provision for credit and insurance losses                                                                               6                        711                -                                                717
equity investment (earnings)/losses in excess of dividends received                                                   271                        (31       )        -                                                240
foreign currency adjustments                                                                                         (395     )                   (8       )        -                                               (403      )
net (gain)/loss on changes in investments in affiliates                                                                (7     )                    -                -                                                 (7      )
net change in wholesale and other receivables                                                                           -                       (836       )        -                                               (836      )
provision for deferred income taxes                                                                                   651                       (883       )        -                                               (232      )
decrease/(increase) in accounts receivable and other assets                                                        (1,824     )                 (470       )        (3                      )                     (2,297      )
increase/(decrease) in accounts payable and accrued and other liabilities                                           5,777                        301                                   11                          6,089
interest supplements and residual value support to financial services                                              (4,524     )                4,524                -                                                  -
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                                                 8,926                     $9,244                $(74                    )                    $18,096
automotive capital spending                                                                                        (7,001     )
funded pension contributions                                                                                        1,434
*   we measure and evaluate our automotive segment operating cash flow on a different basis than net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities in our consolidated statement of cash flows. automotive segment operating cash flow includes additional elements management considers to be related to our automotive operating activities, primarily capital spending and non-designated derivatives, and excludes outflows for funded pension contributions, separation payments, and other items that are considered operating cash flows under u.s. gaap. the table above quantifies the reconciling adjustments to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities for the period ended december 31, 2017.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
for the year ended december 31, 2017
cash flows from investing activities                           automotive                 financialservices        all other &amp; adjustments                    consolidated capital spending                                               $(7,001     )                   $(45       )        $(3                     )                    $(7,049      )
acquisitions of finance receivables and operating leases       -                            (59,354       )        -                                            (59,354      )
purchases of equity and debt securities                        (21,665     )                 (5,898       )        (4                      )                    (27,567      )
sales and maturities of equity and debt securities             23,582                         6,316                -                                             29,898
investing activity (to)/from other segments                          231                          -                (231                    )                          -
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities            $(4,707     )               $(14,440       )        $(245                   )                   $(19,392      )
cash flows from financing activities                                                        automotive       financialservices       all other &amp; adjustments               consolidated cash dividends                                                                           $(2,584     )              $-               $-                                      $(2,584      )
net changes in short-term debt                                                                69                 1,160               -                                         1,229
financing activity to/(from) other segments                                                    -                  (315       )   315                                               -
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                      $(3,283     )          $6,362               $315                                     $3,394
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                $174                  $315               $-                                         $489
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and 2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements.
warranty and field service actions nature of estimates required. we provide warranties on the products we sell. separately, we also periodically perform field service actions related to safety recalls, emission recalls, and other product campaigns. pursuant to these warranties and field service actions, we will repair, replace, or adjust all parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship.  we accrue the estimated cost of both basic warranty coverages and field service actions at the time of sale.
assumptions and approach used. we establish estimates for warranty and field service action obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each vehicle line by model year. we reevaluate our estimate of warranty and field service obligations on a regular basis. experience has shown that initial data for any given model year may be volatile; therefore, our process relies on long-term historical averages until sufficient data are available. as actual experience becomes available, we use the data to modify the historical averages in order to ensure that the estimate is within the range of likely outcomes. we then compare the resulting accruals with present spending rates to ensure that the balances are adequate to meet expected future obligations. based on this data, we revise our estimates as necessary. warranty coverages vary; therefore, our warranty accruals vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale for specific periods of time and/or mileage. field service actions are distinguishable from warranties in that they may occur in periods beyond the basic warranty coverage period. our best estimate of the obligation related to field service actions includes expected future payments.
due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of these factors, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. see note 23 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding warranty and product recall related costs.
pensions and other postretirement employee benefits nature of estimates required. the estimation of our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations and expenses requires that we make use of estimates of the present value of the projected future payments to all participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events such as demographic experience and health care cost increases. plan obligations and expenses are based on existing retirement plan provisions. no assumption is made regarding any potential future changes to benefit provisions beyond those to which we are presently committed (e.g., in existing labor contracts).
assumptions and approach used. the assumptions used in developing the required estimates include the following key factors:
•   discount rates. our discount rate assumption is based primarily on the results of a cash flow matching analysis, which matches the future cash outflows for each major plan to a yield curve based on high-quality bonds specific to the country of the plan. benefit payments are discounted at the rates on the curve to determine the year-end obligations.
•   expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our expected long-term rate of return considers various sources, primarily inputs from a range of advisors for capital market returns, inflation, bond yields, and other variables, adjusted for specific aspects of our investment strategy by plan. historical returns also are considered where appropriate. the assumption is based on consideration of all inputs, with a focus on long-term trends to avoid short-term market influences.
•   inflation. our inflation assumption is based on an evaluation of external market indicators, including real gross domestic product growth and central bank inflation targets.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   expected contributions. our expected amount and timing of contributions are based on an assessment of minimum requirements, cash availability, and other considerations (e.g., funded status, avoidance of regulatory premiums and levies, and tax efficiency).
•   mortality rates. mortality rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   health care cost trends. our health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
assumptions are set at each year-end and are generally not changed during the year unless there is a major plan event such as a significant curtailment or settlement that would trigger a plan remeasurement.
see note 17 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding pension and opeb costs and assumptions.
pension plans effect of actual results. the year-end 2017 weighted average discount rate was 3.60% for u.s. plans and 2.33% for non-u.s. plans, reflecting decreases of 43 and 11 basis points, respectively, compared with year-end 2016. in 2017, the u.s. actual return on assets was 13.4%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.75%. non-u.s. actual return on assets was 4.5%, which was lower than the expected long-term rate of return of 5.19%. in total, these differences, in addition to demographic and other updates, resulted in a net gain of $131 million which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
for 2018, the expected long-term rate of return on assets is 6.75% for u.s. plans, unchanged from 2017, and 4.51% for non-u.s. plans, down about 70 basis points compared with a year ago, primarily reflecting an increased allocation to fixed income assets and a lower consensus on capital market return expectations from advisors.
de-risking strategy. we employ a broad global de-risking strategy which increases the matching characteristics of our assets relative to our obligation as funded status improves. changes in interest rates (which directly influence changes in discount rates), in addition to other factors, have a significant impact on the value of our pension obligation and fixed income asset portfolio. as we de-risk our plans and increase the allocation to fixed income investments over time, we expect the funded status sensitivity to changes in interest rates will be significantly reduced. changes in interest rates should result in offsetting effects in the value of our pension obligation and the value of the fixed income asset portfolio.
sensitivity analysis. the december 31, 2017 pension funded status and 2018 expense are affected by year-end 2017 assumptions. sensitivities to these assumptions may be asymmetric and are specific to the time periods noted. the effects of changes in the factors which generally have the largest impact on year-end funded status and pension expense are discussed below.
discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our obligations and fixed income assets. the table below estimates the impact on our funded status of an increase/decrease in discount rates and interest rates (in millions):
basis          increase/(decrease) in point          december 31, 2017 funded status factor                                change         u.s. plans                     non-u.s. plans discount rate - obligation            +/- 100 bps.   $5,000/$(6,200)                $5,000/$(6,500)
interest rate - fixed income assets   +/- 100        (4,800)/5,900                  (3,400)/4,400
the fixed income asset sensitivity shown excludes other fixed income return components (e.g., changes in credit spreads, bond coupon and active management excess returns), and growth asset returns. other factors that impact net funded status (e.g., contributions) are not reflected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
interest rates and the expected long-term rate of return on assets have the largest impact on pension expense. these assumptions are generally set at each year-end for expense recorded throughout the following year. the table below estimates the impact on pension expense of a higher/lower assumption for these factors (in millions):
basis                        increase/(decrease) in point                                  2018 expense factor                                           change        u.s. plans             non-u.s. plans interest rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25 bps.    $40/$(40)                  $10/$(10)
expected long-term rate of return on assets      +/- 25         (110)/110                    (70)/70
the impact of changing multiple factors simultaneously cannot be calculated by combining the individual sensitivities. the sensitivity of pension expense to an increase in discount rates assumptions may not be linear.
other postretirement employee benefits effect of actual results. the weighted average discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for worldwide opeb plans at december 31, 2016 was 4%, compared with 3.61% at december 31, 2017, resulting in a worldwide loss of about $293 million which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item.
sensitivity analysis. discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our opeb obligation and expense. the table below estimates the impact on 2018 opeb expense of higher/lower assumptions for these factors (in millions):
worldwide opeb basis          (increase)/decrease 2017 ye obligation          increase/(decrease) 2018 expense point factor                                           change discount rate - obligation                       +/- 100 bps.   $700/$(900)                                     n/a interest rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25         n/a                                             $5/$(5)
income taxes nature of estimates required. we must make estimates and apply judgment in determining the provision for income taxes for financial reporting purposes. we make these estimates and judgments primarily in the following areas: (i) the calculation of tax credits, (ii) the calculation of differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes that will ultimately be reported in tax returns, as well as (iii) the calculation of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. changes in these estimates and judgments may result in a material increase or decrease to our tax provision, which would be recorded in the period in which the change occurs.
assumptions and approach used. we are subject to the income tax laws and regulations of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws and regulations are complex and involve uncertainties in the application to our facts and circumstances that may be open to interpretation. we recognize benefits for these uncertain tax positions based upon a process that requires judgment regarding the technical application of the laws, regulations, and various related judicial opinions. if, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax position will be settled favorably to us, we estimate an amount that ultimately will be realized. this process is inherently subjective, since it requires our assessment of the probability of future outcomes. we evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, including consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. changes to our estimate of the amount to be realized are recorded in our provision for income taxes during the period in which the change occurred.
we must also assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income. gaap requires a reduction of the carrying amount of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
we presently believe that a valuation allowance of $1.5 billion is required, primarily related to deferred tax assets in various non-u.s. operations. we believe that we ultimately will recover the remaining $10.2 billion of deferred tax assets. we have assessed recoverability of these assets and concluded that no valuation allowance is required.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents ford credit's estimate of the probable credit loss inherent in finance receivables and operating leases as of the balance sheet date. the adequacy of ford credit's allowance for credit losses is assessed quarterly and the assumptions and models used in establishing the allowance are evaluated regularly. because credit losses can vary substantially over time, estimating credit losses requires a number of assumptions about matters that are uncertain. see note 11 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding allowance for credit losses.
nature of estimates required. ford credit estimates the probable credit losses inherent in finance receivables and operating leases based on several factors.
consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses on consumer receivables and on operating leases using a combination of measurement models and management judgment. the models consider factors such as historical trends in credit losses and recoveries (including key metrics such as delinquencies, repossessions, and bankruptcies), the composition of ford credit's present portfolio (including vehicle brand, term, risk evaluation, and new/used vehicles), trends in historical used vehicle values, and economic conditions. estimates from these models rely on historical information and may not fully reflect losses inherent in the present portfolio. therefore, ford credit may adjust the estimate to reflect management judgment regarding observable changes in recent economic trends and conditions, portfolio composition, and other relevant factors.
assumptions used. ford credit's allowance for credit losses is based on assumptions regarding:
•   loss severity. the expected difference between the amount a customer owes when the finance contract is charged off and the amount received, net of expenses, from selling the repossessed vehicle.
collective allowance for credit losses. the collective allowance is evaluated primarily using a collective loss-to- receivables ("ltr") model that, based on historical experience, indicates credit losses have been incurred in the portfolio even though the particular accounts that are uncollectible cannot be specifically identified. the ltr model is based on the most recent years of history. an ltr for each product is calculated by dividing credit losses (i.e., charge-offs net of recoveries) by average net finance receivables or average net investment in operating leases, excluding unearned interest supplements and residual support, allowance for credit losses, and other (primarily accumulated supplemental depreciation). the average ltr that is calculated for each product is multiplied by the end-of-period balances for that given product.
ford credit's largest markets also use a loss projection model to estimate losses inherent in the portfolio. the loss projection model applies recent monthly performance metrics, stratified by contract type (retail or lease), contract term (e.g., 60-month), and risk rating to ford credit's active portfolio to estimate the losses that have been incurred.
the loss emergence period ("lep") is an assumption within ford credit's models and represents the average amount of time between when a loss event first occurs to when it is charged off. this time period starts when the consumer begins to experience financial difficulty. it is evidenced, typically through delinquency, before eventually resulting in a charge-off. the lep is a multiplier in the calculation of the collective consumer allowance for credit losses.
for accounts greater than 120 days past due, the uncollectible portion is charged off, such that the remaining recorded investment is equal to the estimated fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. consumer receivables involved in troubled debt restructurings are specifically assessed for impairment. a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the contract's original effective interest rate or the fair value of any collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity analysis. changes in the assumptions used to derive frequency and severity would affect the allowance for credit losses. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln retail financing and operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions):
assumption                       basis point change   increase/(decrease)
loss severity per unit           +/- 100                            5/(5)
non-consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses for non-consumer receivables based on historical ltr ratios, expected future cash flows, and the fair value of collateral.
collective allowance for credit losses. ford credit estimates an allowance for non-consumer receivables that are not specifically identified as impaired using a ltr model for each financing product based on historical experience. this ltr is an average of the most recent historical experience and is calculated consistent with the consumer receivables ltr approach. all accounts that are specifically identified as impaired are excluded from the calculation of the non-specific or collective allowance.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. dealer financing is evaluated by segmenting individual loans by the risk characteristics of the loan (such as the amount of the loan, the nature of the collateral, and the financial status of the debtor). the loans are analyzed to determine whether individual loans are impaired, and a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
changes in ford credit's assumptions affect the financial services interest, operating, and other expenses on our income statement and the allowance for credit losses contained within financial services finance receivables, net and net investment in operating leases on our balance sheet.
accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases reduces the value of the leased vehicles in ford credit's operating lease portfolio from their original acquisition value to their expected residual value at the end of the lease term.
ford credit monitors residual values each month, and it reviews the adequacy of accumulated depreciation on a quarterly basis. if ford credit believes that the expected residual values for its vehicles have changed, it revises depreciation to ensure that net investment in operating leases (equal to the acquisition value of the vehicles less accumulated depreciation) will be adjusted to reflect ford credit's revised estimate of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. such adjustments to depreciation expense would result in a change in the depreciation rates of the vehicles subject to operating leases and are recorded prospectively on a straight-line basis.
each lease customer has the option to buy the leased vehicle at the end of the lease or to return the vehicle to the dealer.
nature of estimates required.  each operating lease in ford credit's portfolio represents a vehicle it owns that has been leased to a customer. at the time ford credit purchases a lease, it establishes an expected residual value for the vehicle. ford credit estimates the expected residual value by evaluating recent auction values, return volumes for its leased vehicles, industrywide used vehicle prices, marketing incentive plans, and vehicle quality data.
assumptions used. ford credit's accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases is based on assumptions regarding:
•   auction value. ford credit's projection of the market value of the vehicles when sold at the end of the lease; and
•   return volume. ford credit's projection of the number of vehicles that will be returned at lease-end.
see note 13 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity analysis. for returned vehicles, ford credit faces a risk that the amount it obtains from the vehicle sold at auction will be less than its estimate of the expected residual value for the vehicle. the impact of the change in assumptions on future auction values and return volumes would increase or decrease accumulated supplemental depreciation and depreciation expense over the remaining terms of the operating leases. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions):
assumption              basis pointchange   increase/(decrease)
future auction values   +/- 100 bps         $(123)/$123
adjustments to the amount of accumulated supplemental depreciation on operating leases would be reflected on our balance sheet as net investment in operating leases and on the income statement in financial services interest, operating, and other expenses.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
accounting standards issued but not yet adopted the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") has issued the following standards, which are not expected to have a material impact (with the exception of standards 2016-02 and 2016-13) to our financial statements or financial statement disclosures:
2016-16   income taxes - intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory                                january 1, 2018
2016-01   financial instruments - recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities   january 1, 2018 (b)
2017-08   nonrefundable fees and other costs - premium amortization on purchased callable debt securities     january 1, 2019
2016-13   credit losses - measurement of credit losses on financial instruments                               january 1, 2020 (b)
(a)   early adoption for each of the standards, except standard 2016-01, is permitted.
(b)   for additional information, see note 3 of the notes to the financial statements.
(c)   the fasb has issued the following update to the leases standard: accounting standard update ("asu") 2018-01 (land easement practical expedient for transition to topic 842). we will adopt the new leases guidance effective january 1, 2019.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
aggregate contractual obligations we are party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. most of these are debt obligations incurred by our financial services segment. long-term debt may have fixed or variable interest rates. for long-term debt with variable-rate interest, we estimate the future interest payments based on projected market interest rates for various floating-rate benchmarks received from third parties. in addition, as part of our normal business practices, we enter into contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services. these arrangements may contain fixed or minimum quantity purchase requirements. "purchase obligations" are defined as off-balance sheet agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms.
2018                                                                   2019 - 2020           2021 - 2022            thereafter                 total non-financial services on-balance sheet long-term debt (a)                                $1,946              $2,216                $1,383                $9,208                 $14,753
capital leases (b)                                    48                 109                    19                    12                     188
total non-financial services                       4,853               5,966                 3,889                17,789                  32,497
financial services on-balance sheet long-term debt (a)                                31,115              53,679                26,259                10,405                 121,458
total financial services                          33,985              57,491                27,913                11,468                 130,857
(a)   excludes unamortized debt discounts/premiums, debt issuance costs, and fair value adjustments.
(c)   amounts represent our estimate of contractually obligated deficit contributions to u.k. and ford-werke plans. see note 17 for further information regarding our expected 2018 pension contributions and funded status.
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits for 2017 of $2.1 billion (see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements for additional discussion) is excluded from the table above. final settlement of a significant portion of these obligations will require bilateral tax agreements among us and various countries, the timing of which cannot reasonably be estimated.
for additional information regarding operating lease obligations, pension and opeb obligations, and long-term debt, see notes 13, 17, and 18, respectively, of the notes to the financial statements.