item 7:                              management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations general realty income, the monthly dividend company®, is an s&p 500 company dedicated to providing stockholders with dependable monthly dividends that increase over time.  the company is structured as a real estate investment trust, or reit, requiring it annually to distribute at least 90% of its taxable income (excluding net capital gains) in the form of dividends to its stockholders.  the monthly dividends are supported by the cash flow generated from real estate owned under long-term, net lease agreements with regional and national commercial tenants.  the company has in-house acquisition, portfolio management, asset management, real estate research, credit research, legal, finance and accounting, information technology and capital markets capabilities.
realty income was founded in 1969, and listed on the new york stock exchange (nyse: o) in 1994.  over the past 49 years, realty income has been acquiring and managing freestanding commercial properties that generate rental revenue under long-term net lease agreements.  the company is a member of the s&p high yield dividend aristocrats® index for having increased its dividend every year for more than 20 consecutive years.
·     with an occupancy rate of 98.4%, or 5,089 properties leased and 83 properties available for lease;
·     with over 89.6 million square feet of leasable space; and
·     with an average leasable space per property of approximately 17,320 square feet; approximately 12,060 square feet per retail property and 224,340 square feet per industrial property.
of the 5,172 properties in the portfolio, 5,144, or 99.5%, are single-tenant properties, and the remaining are multi-tenant properties. at december 31, 2017, of the 5,144 single-tenant properties, 5,062 were leased with a weighted average remaining lease term (excluding rights to extend a lease at the option of the tenant) of approximately 9.5 years.
liquidity and capital resources capital philosophy historically, we have met our long-term capital needs by issuing common stock, preferred stock and long-term unsecured notes and bonds. over the long term, we believe that common stock should be the majority of our capital structure; however, we may issue additional preferred stock or debt securities. we may issue common stock when we believe that our share price is at a level that allows for the proceeds of any offering to be accretively invested into additional properties. in addition, we may issue common stock to permanently finance properties that were initially financed by our credit facility or debt securities. however, we cannot assure you that we will have access to the capital markets at all times and at terms that are acceptable to us.
our primary cash obligations, for the current year and subsequent years, are included in the “table of obligations,” which is presented later in this section. we expect to fund our operating expenses and other short-term liquidity requirements, including property acquisitions and development costs, payment of principal and interest on our outstanding indebtedness, property improvements, re-leasing costs and cash distributions to common and preferred stockholders, primarily through cash provided by operating activities, borrowing on our credit facility and periodically through public securities offerings.
conservative capital structure we believe that our stockholders are best served by a conservative capital structure. therefore, we seek to maintain a conservative debt level on our balance sheet and solid interest and fixed charge coverage ratios. at december 31, 2017, our total outstanding borrowings of senior unsecured notes and bonds, term loans, mortgages payable and credit facility borrowings were $6.13 billion, or approximately 27.4% of our total market capitalization of $22.36 billion.
we define our total market capitalization at december 31, 2017 as the sum of:
·     shares of our common stock outstanding of 284,213,685, plus total common units outstanding of 405,204, multiplied by the last reported sales price of our common stock on the nyse of $57.02 per share on december 31, 2017, or $16.23 billion;
·     outstanding borrowings of $110.0 million on our credit facility;
universal shelf registration in december 2015, we filed a shelf registration statement with the sec, which is effective for a term of three years and will expire in december 2018. in accordance with sec rules, the amount of securities to be issued pursuant to this shelf registration statement was not specified when it was filed and there is no specific dollar limit. the securities covered by this registration statement include (1) common stock, (2) preferred stock, (3) debt securities, (4) depositary shares representing fractional interests in shares of preferred stock, (5) warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, or depositary shares, and (6) any combination of these securities. we may periodically offer one or more of these securities in amounts, prices and on terms to be announced when and if these securities are offered. the specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering materials, at the time of any offering.
at-the-market (atm) programs in september 2015, we established an “at-the-market” equity distribution program, or our prior atm program, pursuant to which we were permitted to offer and sell up to 12,000,000 shares of common stock to, or through, a consortium of banks acting as our sales agents by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the nyse at prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. in october 2017, following the issuance and sale of the remaining shares under our prior atm program, we established a new “at-the-market” equity distribution plan, or our new atm program and, together with our prior atm program, our atm programs, pursuant to which we are permitted to offer and sell up to 17,000,000 additional shares of common stock. during 2017, we issued 10,914,088 shares and raised gross proceeds of $621.7 million under our atm programs. from the inception of our atm programs through december 31, 2017, we have issued 14,407,529 shares authorized by our atm programs and raised $824.8 million.
issuance of common stock in march 2017, we issued 11,850,000 shares of common stock.  after underwriting discounts and other offering costs of $29.8 million, the net proceeds of $704.9 million were used to repay borrowings under our credit facility.
dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan our dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, or our drspp, provides our common stockholders, as well as new investors, with a convenient and economical method of purchasing our common stock and reinvesting their distributions.  our drspp also allows our current stockholders to buy additional shares of common stock by reinvesting all or a portion of their distributions.  our drspp authorizes up to 26,000,000 common shares to be issued.  our drspp includes a waiver approval process, allowing larger investors or institutions, per a formal approval process, to purchase shares at a small discount, if approved by us. during 2017, we issued 1,193,653 shares and raised approximately $69.9 million under our drspp, of which we issued 927,695 shares and raised $54.7 million under the waiver approval process.
$2.0 billion revolving credit facility we have a $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, or our credit facility, with an initial term that expires in june 2019 and includes, at our option, two six-month extensions. our credit facility has a $1.0 billion accordion expansion option.  under our credit facility, our investment grade credit ratings as of december 31, 2017 provide for financing at the london interbank offered rate, commonly referred to as libor, plus 0.85%, with a facility commitment fee of 0.125%, for all-in drawn pricing of 0.975% over libor. the borrowing rate is subject to an interest rate floor and may change if our investment grade credit ratings were to change. we also have other interest rate options available to us under our credit facility. our credit facility is unsecured and, accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for this obligation.
at december 31, 2017, we had a borrowing capacity of $1.89 billion available on our credit facility and an outstanding balance of $110.0 million.  the weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2017, was 4.5% per annum.  we must comply with various financial and other covenants in our credit facility.  at december 31, 2017, we were in compliance with these covenants. we expect to use our credit facility to acquire additional properties and for other general corporate purposes. any additional borrowings will increase our exposure to interest rate risk.
we generally use our credit facility for the short-term financing of new property acquisitions. thereafter, we generally seek to refinance those borrowings with the net proceeds of long-term or permanent financing, which may include the issuance of common stock, preferred stock or debt securities. we cannot assure you, however, that we will be able to obtain any such refinancing, or that market conditions prevailing at the time of the refinancing will enable us to issue equity or debt securities at acceptable terms. we regularly review our credit facility and may seek to extend, renew or replace our credit facility, to the extent we deem appropriate.
term loans in december 2017, in conjunction with the acquisition of a portfolio of properties, we entered into a $125.9 million promissory note, maturing in january 2018. borrowings under this note bore interest at 1.52%. this note was paid in full at maturity.
in june 2015, in conjunction with entering into our credit facility, we entered into a $250 million senior unsecured term loan maturing on june 30, 2020.  borrowing under this term loan bears interest at the current one-month libor, plus 0.90%.  in conjunction with this term loan, we also entered into an interest rate swap which effectively fixes our per annum interest rate on this term loan at 2.62%.
in january 2013, in conjunction with our acquisition of american realty capital trust, inc., or arct, we entered into a $70 million senior unsecured term loan with an initial maturity date of january 2018.  borrowing under this term loan bears interest at the current one-month libor, plus 1.10%.  in conjunction with this term loan, we also entered into an interest rate swap which effectively fixes our per annum interest rate on this term loan at 2.05%. in january 2018, we entered into a six-month extension of this loan, which now matures in july 2018 and includes, at our option, two additional six-month extensions. borrowing during the extension periods bear interest at the current one-month libor, plus 0.90%. the interest rate swap terminated upon the initial maturity in january 2018.
mortgage debt as of december 31, 2017, we had $320.3 million of mortgages payable, all of which were assumed in connection with our property acquisitions.  additionally, at december 31, 2017, we had net premiums totaling $5.9 million on these mortgages and deferred financing costs of $236,000.  we expect to pay off the mortgages payable as soon as prepayment penalties have declined to a level that would make it economically feasible to do so.  during 2017, we made $139.7 million of principal payments, including the repayment of eight mortgages in full for $133.5 million.
notes outstanding our senior unsecured note and bond obligations consist of the following as of december 31, 2017, sorted by maturity date (dollars in millions):
issuances        date of       maturity date          principal     public    effective yield to issuance                               amount     offering        maturity issued      price
(1)this issuance constitutes a further issuance of, and formed a single series with the senior notes due 2026 issued in september 2014.
(2)this issuance constituted a further issuance of, and formed a single series with the senior notes due 2022 issued in october 2012.
(3)this issuance constituted a further issuance of, and formed a single series with the senior notes due 2047 issued in march 2017.
the net proceeds of $1.3 billion from the december 2017 note offerings were used to redeem all $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 2019 notes, including accrued and unpaid interest, and to repay borrowings outstanding under our $2.0 billion revolving credit facility and, to the extent not used for those purposes, to fund the development and acquisitions of additional properties and for other general corporate purposes. the net proceeds of $705.2 million from the march 2017 note offerings were used to repay borrowings outstanding under our credit facility to fund investment opportunities and for other general corporate purposes.
all of our outstanding notes and bonds have fixed interest rates and contain various covenants, with which we remained in compliance as of december 31, 2017. additionally, interest on all of our senior note and bond obligations is paid semiannually.
the following is a summary of the key financial covenants for our senior unsecured notes, as defined and calculated per the terms of our senior notes and bonds. these calculations, which are not based on u.s. gaap measurements, are presented to investors to show our ability to incur additional debt under the terms of our senior notes and bonds as well as to disclose our current compliance with such covenants, and are not measures of our liquidity or performance.  the actual amounts as of december 31, 2017 are:
limitation on incurrence of total debt          &lt; 60% of adjusted assets    40.6%
limitation on incurrence of secured debt        &lt; 40% of adjusted assets     2.2%
(1) our debt service coverage ratio is calculated on a pro forma basis for the preceding four-quarter period on the assumptions that: (i) the incurrence of any debt (as defined in the covenants) incurred by us since the first day of such four-quarter period and the application of the proceeds therefrom (including to refinance other debt since the first day of such four-quarter period), (ii) the repayment or retirement of any of our debt since the first day of such four-quarter period, and (iii) any acquisition or disposition by us of any asset or group since the first day of such four quarters had in each case occurred on january 1, 2017, and subject to certain additional adjustments.  such pro forma ratio has been prepared on the basis required by that debt service covenant, reflects various estimates and assumptions and is subject to other uncertainties, and therefore does not purport to reflect what our actual debt service coverage ratio would have been had transactions referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of the preceding sentence occurred as of january 1, 2017, nor does it purport to reflect our debt service coverage ratio for any future period.  our fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated in exactly the same manner as our debt service coverage ratio, except that preferred stock dividends are also added to the denominator; since we redeemed our class f preferred dividends in april 2017, our fixed charge coverage ratio is equivalent to our debt service coverage ratio. the following is our calculation of debt service and fixed charge coverage at december 31, 2017 (in thousands, for trailing twelve months):
cash reserves we are organized to operate as an equity reit that acquires and leases properties and distributes to stockholders, in the form of monthly cash distributions, a substantial portion of our net cash flow generated from leases on our properties.  we intend to retain an appropriate amount of cash as working capital.  at december 31, 2017, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $6.9 million.
we believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash provided from operating activities, and borrowing capacity is sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for the next twelve months.  we intend, however, to use permanent or long-term capital to fund property acquisitions and to repay future borrowings under our credit facility.
credit agency ratings the borrowing interest rates under our credit facility are based upon our ratings assigned by credit rating agencies. as of december 31, 2017, we were assigned the following investment grade corporate credit ratings on our senior unsecured notes and bonds:  moody’s investors service has assigned a rating of a3 with a “stable” outlook, standard & poor’s ratings group has assigned a rating of bbb+ with a “positive” outlook, and fitch ratings has assigned a rating of bbb+ with a “stable” outlook.
based on our ratings as of december 31, 2017, the facility interest rate as of december 31, 2017 was libor, plus 0.85% with a facility commitment fee of 0.125%, for all-in drawn pricing of 0.975% over libor.  our credit facility provides that the interest rate can range between: (i) libor, plus 1.55% if our credit rating is lower than bbb-/baa3 or unrated and (ii) libor, plus 0.85% if our credit rating is a-/a3 or higher.  in addition, our credit facility provides for a facility commitment fee based on our credit ratings, which range from: (i) 0.30% for a rating lower than bbb-/baa3 or unrated, and (ii) 0.125% for a credit rating of a-/a3 or higher.
we also issue senior debt securities from time to time and our credit ratings can impact the interest rates charged in those transactions.  if our credit ratings or ratings outlook change, our cost to obtain debt financing could increase or decrease. the credit ratings assigned to us could change based upon, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition. these ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies and we cannot assure you that our ratings will not be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant. moreover, a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our debt securities, preferred stock or common stock.
table of obligations the following table summarizes the maturity of each of our obligations as of december 31, 2017 (dollars in millions):
leases            leases notes                                                                           paid by           paid by year of       credit              and                 term                mortgages                                realty               our maturity       facility      (1)   bonds         (2)   loan        (3)       payable   (4)      interest   (5)      income   (6)     tenants   (7)   other     (8)        totals
(1)  the initial term of the credit facility expires in june 2019 and includes, at our option, two six-month extensions.
(5)  interest on the term loans, notes, bonds, mortgages payable, and credit facility has been calculated based on outstanding balances as of december 31, 2017 through their respective maturity dates.
(8)  “other” consists of $64.4 million of commitments under construction contracts and $13.8 million of commitments for tenant improvements and leasing costs.
our credit facility, term loans, and notes payable obligations are unsecured. accordingly, we have not pledged any assets as collateral for these obligations.
no unconsolidated investments we have no unconsolidated investments, nor do we engage in trading activities involving energy or commodity contracts.
impact of real estate and credit markets in the commercial real estate market, property prices generally continue to fluctuate. likewise, during certain periods, the u.s. credit markets have experienced significant price volatility, dislocations, and liquidity disruptions, which may impact our access to and cost of capital. we continually monitor the commercial real estate and u.s. credit markets carefully and, if required, will make decisions to adjust our business strategy accordingly.
acquisitions during 2017
during 2017, we invested $1.52 billion in 303 new properties and properties under development or expansion, with an estimated initial weighted average contractual lease rate of 6.4%. the 303 new properties and properties under development or expansion are located in 40 states, will contain approximately 7.8 million leasable square feet, and are 100% leased with a weighted average lease term of 14.4 years. the tenants occupying the new properties operate in 23 industries and the property types are 94.5% retail and 5.5% industrial, based on rental revenue.  during 2017, none of our real estate investments caused any one tenant to be 10% or more of our total assets at december 31, 2017.
the estimated initial weighted average contractual lease rate for a property is generally computed as estimated contractual net operating income, which, in the case of a net leased property, is equal to the aggregate base rent for the first full year of each lease, divided by the total cost of the property.  since it is possible that a tenant could default on the payment of contractual rent, we cannot provide assurance that the actual return on the funds invested will remain at the percentages listed above.
in the case of a property under development or expansion, the contractual lease rate is generally fixed such that rent varies based on the actual total investment in order to provide a fixed rate of return.  when the lease does not provide for a fixed rate of return on a property under development or expansion, the estimated initial weighted average contractual lease rate is computed as follows: estimated net operating income (determined by the lease) for the first full year of each lease, divided by our projected total investment in the property, including land, construction and capitalized interest costs. of the $1.52 billion we invested during 2017, $21.2 million was invested in 17 properties under development or expansion with an estimated initial weighted average contractual lease rate of 6.9%.  we may continue to pursue development or expansion opportunities under similar arrangements in the future.
of the 259 properties re-leased during 2017, 235 properties were re-leased to existing tenants, nine were re-leased to new tenants without vacancy, and 15 were re-leased to new tenants after a period of vacancy.  the annual rent on these 259 leases was $43.18 million, as compared to the previous rent on these same properties of $40.92 million, which represents a rent recapture rate of 105.5% on the properties re-leased during 2017.
as part of our re-leasing costs, we pay leasing commissions to unrelated, 3rd party real estate brokers consistent with the commercial real estate industry standard, and sometimes provide tenant rent concessions. we do not consider the collective impact of the leasing commissions or tenant rent concessions to be material to our financial position or results of operations.
at december 31, 2017, our average annualized rental revenue was approximately $13.77 per square foot on the 5,089 leased properties in our portfolio.  at december 31, 2017, we classified nine properties with a carrying amount of $6.7 million as held for sale on our balance sheet.  the expected sale of these properties does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our operations and financial results and is consistent with our active disposition efforts to further enhance our real estate portfolio and maximize portfolio returns.
investments in existing properties in 2017, we capitalized costs of $12.7 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $1.6 million for re-leasing costs, $912,000 for recurring capital expenditures and $10.2 million for non-recurring building improvements. in 2016, we capitalized costs of $16.3 million on existing properties in our portfolio, consisting of $797,000 for re-leasing costs, $679,000 for recurring capital expenditures, and $14.9 million for non-recurring building improvements.
the majority of our building improvements relate to roof repairs, hvac improvements, and parking lot resurfacing and replacements. the amounts of our capital expenditures can vary significantly, depending on the rental market, tenant credit worthiness, the lease term and the willingness of tenants to pay higher rents over the terms of the leases.
we define recurring capital expenditures as mandatory and repetitive landlord capital expenditure obligations that have a limited useful life. we define non-recurring capital expenditures as property improvements where we invest additional capital that extend the useful life of the property.
increases in monthly dividends to common stockholders we have continued our 49-year policy of paying monthly dividends. in addition, we increased the dividend five times during 2017 and twice in 2018.  as of february 2018, we have paid 81 consecutive quarterly dividend increases and increased the dividend 95 times since our listing on the nyse in 1994.
results of operations critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap, and are the basis for our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. preparing our consolidated financial statements requires us to make a number of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. we believe that we have made these estimates and assumptions in an appropriate manner and in a way that accurately reflects our financial condition. we continually test and evaluate these estimates and assumptions using our historical knowledge of the business, as well as other factors, to ensure that they are reasonable for reporting purposes. however, actual results may differ from these estimates and assumptions. this summary should be read in conjunction with the more complete discussion of our accounting policies and procedures included in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.
in order to prepare our consolidated financial statements according to the rules and guidelines set forth by gaap, many subjective judgments must be made with regard to critical accounting policies. management must make significant assumptions in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.  when acquiring a property for investment purposes, we typically allocate the cost of real estate acquired, inclusive of transaction costs, to: (1) land, (2) building and improvements, and (3) identified intangible assets and liabilities, based in each case on their relative estimated fair values. intangible assets and liabilities consist of above-market or below-market lease value of in-place leases, the value of in-place leases.  in an acquisition of multiple properties, we must also allocate the purchase price among the properties.  the allocation of the purchase price is based on our assessment of estimated fair value and is often based upon the expected future cash flows of the property and various characteristics of the market where the property is located.  in addition, any assumed mortgages receivable or payable are recorded at their estimated fair values. the estimated fair values of our mortgages payable have been calculated by discounting the future cash flows using applicable interest rates that have been adjusted for factors, such as industry type, tenant investment grade, maturity date, and comparable borrowings for similar assets. the use of different assumptions in the allocation of the purchase price of the acquired properties and liabilities assumed could affect the timing of recognition of the related revenue and expenses.
another significant judgment must be made as to if, and when, impairment losses should be taken on our properties when events or a change in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. a provision is made for impairment if estimated future operating cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) plus estimated disposition proceeds (undiscounted) are less than the current book value of the property. key inputs that we utilize in this analysis include projected rental rates, estimated holding periods, historical sales and releases, capital expenditures, and property sales capitalization rates. if a property
is held for sale, it is carried at the lower of carrying cost or estimated fair value, less estimated cost to sell. the carrying value of our real estate is the largest component of our consolidated balance sheets. our strategy of primarily holding properties, long-term, directly decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable, thus requiring the recognition of an impairment. however, if our strategy, or one or more of the above assumptions were to change in the future, an impairment may need to be recognized. if events should occur that require us to reduce the carrying value of our real estate by recording provisions for impairment, they could have a material impact on our results of operations.
·     a net decrease of $1.3 million relating to the aggregate of (i) rental revenue from properties (147 properties comprising 2.9 million square feet) that were available for lease during part of 2017 or 2016, (ii) rental revenue for 9 properties under development, and (iii) lease termination settlements.  in aggregate, the revenues for these items totaled $26.6 million in 2017, compared to $28.0 million in 2016.
·     a net decrease of $1.6 million relating to the aggregate of (i) rental revenue from properties (131 properties comprising 1.5 million square feet) that were available for lease during part of 2016 or 2015, (ii) rental revenue for 24 properties under development, and (iii) lease termination settlements.  in aggregate, the revenues for these items totaled $33.3 million in 2016, compared to $34.9 million in 2015.
for purposes of determining the same store rent property pool, we include all properties that were owned for the entire year-to-date period, for both the current and prior year, except for properties during the current or prior year that; (i) were vacant at any time, (ii) were under development or redevelopment, or (iii) were involved in eminent domain and rent was reduced. each of the exclusions from the same store pool are separately addressed within the applicable sentences above, explaining the changes in rental revenue for the period.
of the 5,172 properties in the portfolio at december 31, 2017, 5,144, or 99.5%, are single-tenant properties and the remaining are multi-tenant properties. of the 5,144 single-tenant properties, 5,062, or 98.4%, were net leased with a weighted average remaining lease term (excluding rights to extend a lease at the option of the tenant) of approximately 9.5 years at december 31, 2017. of our 5,062 leased single-tenant properties, 4,468 or 88.3% were under leases that provide for increases in rents through:
our portfolio of real estate, leased primarily to regional and national tenants under net leases, continues to perform well and provides dependable lease revenue supporting the payment of monthly dividends to our stockholders.  at december 31, 2017, our portfolio of 5,172 properties was 98.4% leased with 83 properties available for lease, as compared to 98.3% leased, with 84 properties available for lease at december 31, 2016. it has been our experience that approximately 1% to 4% of our property portfolio will be unleased at any given time; however, it is possible that the number of properties available for lease could exceed these levels in the future.
tenant reimbursements a number of our leases provide for contractually obligated reimbursements from tenants for recoverable real estate taxes and operating expenses. the increase in tenant reimbursements in the years presented is primarily due to our increase in acquisitions.
depreciation and amortization the increase in depreciation and amortization in 2017 and 2016 was primarily due to the acquisition of properties in 2016 and 2017, which was partially offset by property sales in those same periods.  as discussed in the sections entitled “funds from operations available to common stockholders (ffo)” and “adjusted funds from operations available to common stockholders (affo),” depreciation and amortization is a non-cash item that is added back to net income available to common stockholders for our calculation of ffo and affo.
interest on our credit facility, term loans, notes, mortgages and interest rate swaps            $237,165            $213,540            $226,207
credit facility commitment fees                                                                     2,999               3,050               2,854
amortization of credit facility origination costs and deferred financing costs                      8,859               8,596               8,741
capital lease obligation                                                                              310                 310                 310
interest capitalized                                                                                 (461   )            (469   )            (594   )
credit facility, term loans, mortgages and notes average outstanding balances (dollars in thousands)                                            $5,877,862          $5,081,663          $5,030,532
additionally, each quarter we adjust the carrying value of our interest rate swaps to fair value.  changes in the fair value of our interest rate swaps are recorded directly to interest expense.
·     credit facility outstanding borrowings of $110.0 million was 4.5%;
·     combined outstanding notes, bonds, mortgages, term loan and credit facility borrowings of $6.13 billion was 3.9%.
property expenses consist of costs associated with unleased properties, non-net-leased properties and general portfolio expenses, as well as contractually obligated reimbursable costs from tenants for recoverable real estate taxes and operating expenses. expenses related to unleased properties and non-net-leased properties include, but are not limited to, property taxes, maintenance, insurance, utilities, property inspections, bad debt expense and legal fees. general portfolio costs include, but are not limited to, insurance, legal, property inspections, and title search fees. at december 31, 2017, 83 properties were available for lease, as compared to 84 at december 31, 2016 and 71 at december 31, 2015. we also incurred higher gross property expenses as a result of property taxes and bad debt expense on vacant properties. property expenses as a percentage of total revenue have remained relatively consistent during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015 at 2.0%, 1.9%, and 1.4%, respectively.
property expenses - reimbursable the increase in gross property expenses in both 2017 and 2016 was primarily attributable to the increased portfolio size, which contributed to higher contractually obligated reimbursements primarily due to our acquisitions in each year.
income taxes income taxes are for city and state income and franchise taxes paid by us and our subsidiaries. the increase from 2016 to 2017 is primarily due to increased activity in our taxable reit subsidiary.
other items gain on sales of real estate during 2017, we sold 59 properties for $167.0 million, which resulted in a gain of $40.9 million.
during 2016, we sold 77 properties for $90.5 million, which resulted in a gain of $22.0 million. additionally, during 2016 we sold our former corporate headquarters building for $8.6 million.
at december 31, 2017, we classified real estate with a carrying amount of $6.7 million as held for sale on our balance sheet. in 2018, we intend to continue our active disposition efforts to further enhance our real estate portfolio and anticipate $75 to $100 million in yet to be identified property sales for all of 2018.  we intend to invest these proceeds into new property acquisitions, if there are attractive opportunities available. however, we cannot guarantee that we will sell properties during the next 12 months at our estimated values or be able to invest the property sale proceeds in new properties.
preferred stock dividends preferred stock dividends totaled $3.9 million in 2017. additionally, in april 2017, we paid a final dividend on our class f preferred stock of $1.7 million, which was recorded to interest expense. preferred stock dividends totaled $27.1 million in 2016 and 2015.
the calculation to determine net income available to common stockholders includes impairments, gains from the sale of properties and/or fair value adjustments on our interest rate swaps. these items vary from period to period based on the timing of property sales and the interest rate environment, and can significantly impact net income available to common stockholders.
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (adjusted ebitda)
adjusted ebitda, a non-gaap financial measure, means, for the most recent quarter, earnings (net income) before (i) interest expense, including non-cash loss (gain) on swaps, (ii) income and franchise taxes, (iii) depreciation and amortization, (iv) impairment losses, and (v) gain on sales of real estate. our adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to adjusted ebitda reported by other companies that interpret the definitions of adjusted ebitda differently than we do. management believes adjusted ebitda to be a meaningful measure of a reit’s performance because it is widely followed by industry analysts, lenders and investors. management also believes the use of an annualized quarterly adjusted ebitda metric is meaningful because it represents the company’s current earnings run rate for the period presented. the ratio of our total debt to our annualized quarterly adjusted ebitda is also used to determine vesting of performance share awards granted to our executive officers. adjusted ebitda should be considered along with, but not as an alternative to net income as a measure of our operating performance. our ratio of debt to adjusted ebitda, which is used by management as a measure of leverage, is calculated by annualizing quarterly adjusted ebitda and then dividing by our total debt per the consolidated balance sheet.
quarterly adjusted ebitda                 $278,783            $256,873            $237,805
annualized adjusted ebitda (2)          $1,115,132          $1,027,492            $951,220
debt/adjusted ebitda                           5.5                 5.7                 5.1
(2) we calculate annualized adjusted ebitda by multiplying the quarterly adjusted ebitda by four.
depreciation of furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                                      (557               )                            (747               )                            (811               )
we define ffo, a non-gaap measure, consistent with the national association of real estate investment trust’s definition, as net income available to common stockholders, plus depreciation and amortization of real estate assets, plus impairments of depreciable real estate assets, and reduced by gains on property sales.
we consider ffo to be an appropriate supplemental measure of a reit’s operating performance as it is based on a net income analysis of property portfolio performance that adds back items such as depreciation and impairments for ffo. the historical accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation of buildings and improvements, which implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. since real estate values historically rise and fall with market conditions, presentations of operating results for a reit, using historical accounting for depreciation, could be less informative. the use of ffo is recommended by the reit industry as a supplemental performance measure. in addition, ffo is used as a measure of our compliance with the financial covenants of our credit facility.
recurring capital expenditures                                                                                                                                                                               (912                                      )                                                                          (679                                      )                                                                        (7,606                                      )
(1) see reconciling items for ffo presented under “funds from operations available to common stockholders (ffo).”
(2) includes the amortization of costs incurred and capitalized upon issuance of our notes payable, assumption of our mortgages payable and upon issuance of our term loans. the deferred financing costs are being amortized over the lives of the respective mortgages and term loans. no costs associated with our credit facility agreements or annual fees paid to credit rating agencies have been included.
(3) includes adjustments allocable to both non-controlling interests and capital lease obligations.
we believe the non-gaap financial measure affo provides useful information to investors because it is a widely accepted industry measure of the operating performance of real estate companies that is used by industry analysts and investors who look at and compare those companies.  in particular, affo provides an additional measure to compare the operating performance of different reits without having to account for differing depreciation assumptions and other unique revenue and expense items which are not pertinent to measuring a particular company’s on-going operating performance.  therefore, we believe that affo is an appropriate supplemental performance metric, and that the most appropriate gaap performance metric to which affo should be reconciled is net income available to common stockholders.
presentation of the information regarding ffo and affo is intended to assist the reader in comparing the operating performance of different reits, although it should be noted that not all reits calculate ffo and affo in the same way, so comparisons with other reits may not be meaningful. furthermore, ffo and affo are not necessarily indicative of cash flow available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as alternatives to net income as an indication of our performance. ffo and affo should not be considered as alternatives to reviewing our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities.  in addition, ffo and affo should not be considered as measures of liquidity, our ability to make cash distributions, or our ability to pay interest payments.
impact of inflation tenant leases generally provide for limited increases in rent as a result of increases in the tenants’ sales volumes, increases in the consumer price index (typically subject to ceilings), or fixed increases. we expect that inflation will cause these lease provisions to result in rent increases over time. during times when inflation is greater than increases in rent, as provided for in the leases, rent increases may not keep up with the rate of inflation.