item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
▪   in july 2017, sempra renewables acquired the great valley solar project located in fresno county, california for initial cash consideration of $124 million, with an expected investment totaling $375 million to $425 million once fully constructed.
▪   in september 2017, sdg&amp;e recognized a charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs ($208 million earnings impact).
▪   in december 2017, cameron lng jv entered into a settlement agreement with its epc contractor for the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. we discuss the agreement below in "factors influencing future performance - cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project."
▪   socalgas has resumed injections and withdrawals, on a limited basis, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility. as of december 31, 2017, socalgas' cost estimate is $913 million related to the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak, which includes $887 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
results of operations in 2017, our earnings decreased by approximately $1.1 billion (81%) to $256 million and our diluted eps decreased by $4.45 per share (82%) to $1.01 per share. in 2016 compared to 2015, our earnings increased by $21 million (2%) to $1.4 billion and our diluted eps increased by $0.09 per share (2%) to $5.46 per share. our earnings and diluted eps were impacted by variances discussed in "segment results" below and by the items included in the table "sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share," also below.
sempra utilities:
sempra south american utilities         186                     156                     175
sempra utilities sdg&e the decrease in earnings of $163 million (29%) in 2017 was primarily due to:
▪   $208 million charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs, which we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; offset by
▪   $31 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $17 million increase in afudc related to equity; and
▪   $8 million favorable impact in 2017 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items.
▪   $31 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $15 million reduction to the loss from plant closure in 2015 primarily based on the cpuc approval of a compliance filing related to sdg&amp;e's authorized recovery of its investment in songs pursuant to an amended settlement agreement approved by the cpuc in 2014;
▪   $9 million lower favorable impact in 2016 related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   $7 million lower earnings from electric transmission primarily due to lower formulaic revenues associated with lower borrowing costs; offset by
▪   $9 million increase in afudc related to equity;
▪   $7 million income tax benefit associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
▪   $49 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million higher earnings associated with the psep and advanced metering assets; and
▪   $13 million impairment of assets in 2016 related to the southern gas system reliability project (also referred to as the north-south pipeline); offset by
▪   $20 million for aliso canyon litigation reserves; and
▪   $4 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
▪   $49 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million charge associated with tracking the 2016 income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd;
▪   $16 million lower favorable impact in 2016 related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items;
▪   $13 million impairment of assets related to the southern gas system reliability project;
▪   $23 million higher earnings associated with the psep and advanced metering assets.
sempra south american utilities because our operations in south america use their local currency as their functional currency, revenues and expenses are translated into u.s. dollars at average exchange rates for the period for consolidation in sempra energy consolidated's results of operations. the year-to-year variances discussed below are as adjusted for the difference in foreign currency translation rates between years. we discuss these and other foreign currency effects below in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations."
▪   $3 million lower capitalized interest primarily due to completion of construction of the santa teresa hydroelectric power plant in 2015; offset by
▪   $432 million noncash gain in 2016 associated with the remeasurement of our equity interest in ienova pipelines (formerly known as gdc);
▪   $36 million favorable impact in 2016 due to $55 million favorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $19 million loss from foreign currency derivatives, which we use to hedge sempra mexico's foreign currency exposure from its controlling interest in ienova, compared to $35 million unfavorable impact in 2017 due to $84 million unfavorable foreign currency and inflation effects, offset by a $49 million gain from foreign currency derivatives. we discuss these effects below in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rate on results of operations;"
▪   $28 million higher income tax expense in 2017 mainly related to a deferred income tax liability on an outside basis difference in joint venture investments; and
▪   $28 million higher interest expense, including $19 million at ventika and $8 million at ienova pipelines related to debt assumed in their respective acquisitions; offset by
▪   $71 million impairment in 2017 of tdm assets held for sale, net of a $12 million income tax benefit that has been fully reserved, compared to a $111 million impairment in 2016 of such assets;
▪   $8 million tax benefit in 2017 from a reduction to the outside basis deferred tax liability on our investment in the tdm natural gas-fired power plant that is held for sale, compared to an $8 million tax expense in 2016.
▪   $432 million noncash gain associated with the remeasurement of our 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines;
▪   $8 million increase in earnings from our natural gas local distribution company mainly associated with new distribution rates; offset by
▪   $36 million favorable impact in 2016, compared to $49 million favorable impact in 2015 due primarily to transactional effects from foreign currency and inflation, including amounts in equity earnings from our joint ventures; and
▪   $192 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities from 35 percent to 21 percent as a result of the tcja; and
▪   $14 million higher earnings from our solar tax equity investments, including $19 million of higher pretax losses attributed to solar tax equity investors reflected in noncontrolling interests, offset by $7 million associated income taxes; offset by
▪   $12 million lower solar itcs from projects placed in service in 2015; and
▪   $133 million favorable impact from the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax liabilities from 35 percent to 21 percent as a result of the tcja;
▪   $123 million loss in 2016 on permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $40 million improved results in 2017 due to unfavorable results from midstream activities, including lng operations, in 2016;
▪   $34 million settlement proceeds received from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty in bankruptcy court, of which $28 million was related to the charge in 2016 from the permanent release of certain pipeline capacity, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $11 million lower equity earnings resulting from the sale of our investment in rockies express in may 2016; and
▪   $123 million loss on permanent release of pipeline capacity;
▪   $36 million gain in 2015 on the sale of the remaining 625-mw block of the mesquite power plant, net of related expenses;
▪   $36 million lower equity earnings resulting from the sale of our investment in rockies express;
▪   $1,147 million income tax expense in 2017 compared to a $54 million tax benefit in 2016, primarily due to:
▪   $360 million u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax expense on our expected repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings estimated for deemed repatriation, and
◦   $20 million u.s. income tax benefit in 2016 as a result of a change in planned repatriation of earnings, as we discuss below in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes," and
◦   $17 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
▪   $20 million of costs in 2017 associated with foreign currency derivatives; offset by
▪   $31 million higher investment gains on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of an increase in deferred compensation expense associated with those investments.
▪   $32 million higher income tax benefits, including:
◦   $17 million income tax benefit associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation, offset by
◦   $14 million income tax benefits in 2015 associated with the favorable resolution of prior years' income tax items, and
◦   $7 million income tax benefits in 2015 from a decrease in state valuation allowances; and
▪   $10 million higher investment gains in 2016 on dedicated assets in support of our executive retirement and deferred compensation plans, net of an increase in deferred compensation expense associated with those investments; offset by
adjusted earnings and adjusted earnings per share we prepare the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap. however, management may use earnings and eps adjusted to exclude certain items (referred to as adjusted earnings and adjusted eps) internally for financial planning, for analysis of performance and for reporting of results to the board of directors. we may also use adjusted earnings and adjusted eps when communicating our financial results and earnings outlook to analysts and investors. adjusted earnings and adjusted eps are non-gaap financial measures. because of the significance and/or nature of the excluded items, management believes that these non-gaap financial measures provide a meaningful comparison of the performance of business operations to prior and future periods. non-gaap financial measures are supplementary information that should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, the information prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.
the table below reconciles sempra energy adjusted earnings and adjusted diluted eps to gaap earnings and gaap diluted eps, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap, for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
pretax amount                   income tax expense (benefit)(1)         non-controlling interests                     earnings              dilutedeps year ended december 31, 2017
excluded items:
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset                               351                                           (143            )         -                                            208                    0.82
aliso canyon litigation reserves                                     20                                               -                      -                                             20                    0.08
deferred income tax benefit associated with tdm                      -                                               (8            )                           3                           (5     )             (0.02     )
recoveries related to 2016 permanent release of pipeline capacity    (47           )      19                                                 -                                            (28     )             (0.11     )
excluded items:
remeasurement gain in connection with gdc acquisition                $(617         )                               $185                      $82                                         (350     )             (1.39     )
permanent release of pipeline capacity                               206                                            (83            )         -                                            123                    0.49
deferred income tax expense associated with tdm                      -                    8                                                  (3                    )                        5                    0.02
excluded items:
gain on sale of mesquite power block 2                               $(61          )                                $25                      $-                                           (36     )             (0.14     )
(1)   income taxes were calculated based on applicable statutory tax rates, except for adjustments that are solely income tax. income taxes associated with tdm were calculated based on the applicable statutory tax rate, including translation from historic to current exchange rates. an income tax benefit of $12 million associated with the 2017 tdm impairment has been fully reserved.
the table below reconciles sdg&e adjusted earnings to gaap earnings, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap, for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)             earnings year ended december 31, 2017
excluded items:
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset   351                       (143                      )            208
excluded item:
excluded item:
the table below reconciles socalgas adjusted earnings to gaap earnings, which we consider to be the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap, for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. socalgas had no reconciling adjustments for the year ended december 31, 2015.
pretax amount             income tax expense (benefit)(1)                 earnings year ended december 31, 2017
excluded items:
aliso canyon litigation reserves                          20                        -                                      20
excluded item:
changes in revenues, costs and earnings this section contains a discussion of the differences between periods in the specific line items of the consolidated statements of operations for sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas.
utilities revenues our utilities revenues include electric revenues at:
▪   sempra south american utilities' chilquinta energía and luz del sur natural gas revenues at:
intercompany revenues included in the separate revenues of each utility are eliminated in the sempra energy consolidated statements of operations.
▪   permits sdg&amp;e to recover the actual cost incurred to generate or procure electricity based on annual estimates of the cost of electricity supplied to customers. the differences in cost between estimates and actual are recovered in subsequent periods through rates.
▪   permits the cost of natural gas purchased for core customers (primarily residential and small commercial and industrial customers) to be passed through to customers in rates substantially as incurred. however, socalgas' gcim provides socalgas the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for its core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. this mechanism permits full recovery of costs incurred when average purchase costs are within a price range around the benchmark price. any higher costs incurred or savings realized outside this range are shared between the core customers and socalgas. we provide further discussion in "item 1. business."
▪   also permits the california utilities to recover certain expenses for programs authorized by the cpuc, or "refundable programs."
because changes in sdg&e's and socalgas' cost of electricity and/or natural gas are substantially recovered in rates, changes in these costs are offset in the changes in revenues, and therefore do not impact earnings. in addition to the changes in cost or market prices, electric or natural gas revenues recorded during a period are impacted by customer billing cycles causing a difference between customer billings and recorded or authorized costs. these differences are required to be balanced over time, resulting in over- and undercollected regulatory balancing accounts. we discuss balancing accounts and their effects further in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the table below summarizes revenues and cost of sales for our utilities.
utilities revenues and cost of sales
sempra south american utilities                  1,486                   1,463                   1,447
total utilities revenues                        $9,776                  $9,261                  $9,254
sempra south american utilities                    988                   1,001                     985
(1) includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
◦   $52 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $52 million increase in 2017 due to an increase in rates permitted under the attrition mechanism in the 2016 grc fd, and
◦   $50 million charge in 2017 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $9 million lower recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $5 million in 2016 to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return; and
▪   $23 million increase at sempra south american utilities, including:
◦   $31 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $5 million to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return, offset by
◦   $52 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd; and
▪   $16 million increase at sempra south american utilities, including:
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $93 million (4%) to $2.3 billion in 2017 due to:
▪   $106 million increase at sdg&amp;e, primarily due to an increase in the cost of purchased power due to higher natural gas prices, an increase from the incremental purchase of renewable energy at higher prices and an additional capacity contract; offset by
▪   $13 million decrease at sempra south american utilities primarily due to:
our utilities' cost of electric fuel and purchased power increased by $52 million (2%) to $2.2 billion in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
◦   a decrease in consumption due to increased rooftop solar installations, weather impacts and energy efficiency initiatives; and
▪   $16 million increase at sempra south american utilities primarily due to:
the table below summarizes average cost of natural gas sold by the california utilities and included in cost of natural gas. the average cost of natural gas sold at each utility is impacted by market prices, as well as transportation, tariff and other charges.
california utilities average cost of natural gas
◦   $83 million of charges in 2016 associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $57 million increase due to 2017 attrition,
◦   $49 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep,
◦   $10 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $19 million in 2016 to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return, and
◦   $14 million charge in 2017 associated with tracking the income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd;
◦   $21 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep, offset by
◦   $13 million lower recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m; and
◦   $83 million of charges associated with 2012-2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $27 million charge associated with tracking the 2016 income tax benefit from certain flow-through items in relation to forecasted amounts in the 2016 grc fd,
◦   $56 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep and advanced metering assets,
◦   $52 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m,
◦   $19 million to reduce estimated 2015 income tax benefits generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd to actual deductions taken on the 2015 tax return; and
◦   $9 million higher recovery of costs associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, which revenues are fully offset in o&amp;m, and
◦   $8 million higher revenues primarily associated with the psep.
revenues sempra south american utilities                                   $81                         $93                         $97
sempra south american utilities                                   $20                         $13                         $22
sempra south american utilities                                   $52                         $69                         $64
(1)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
◦   $293 million from the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016 and from other pipeline assets placed in service,
◦   $96 million from the acquisition of ventika in december 2016,
◦   $30 million higher revenues primarily due to higher natural gas prices and customer base in its gas business, and
◦   $51 million primarily from natural gas marketing activities, including an increase in sales of natural gas, and from changes in natural gas prices,
▪   $88 million primarily from higher intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
◦   $34 million lower power revenues due to the sale of the second block of mesquite power in april 2015, and
◦   $82 million due to the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016, offset by
▪   $12 million primarily from lower intercompany eliminations associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
▪   $52 million increase at sempra mexico primarily due to higher natural gas costs and customer base in its gas business; and
▪   $42 million from higher intercompany eliminations of costs associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
▪   $206 million charge in 2016 related to sempra lng &amp; midstream's permanent release of certain pipeline capacity;
▪   $57 million settlement proceeds received by sempra lng &amp; midstream in may 2017 from a breach of contract claim against a counterparty, of which $47 million was related to the charge in 2016 from permanent release of pipeline capacity;
▪   $18 million capacity costs in 2016 on the rockies express pipeline that have since been permanently released; and
▪   $38 million decrease at sempra lng &amp; midstream primarily due to lower natural gas costs and lower electric fuel costs due to the sale of the remaining block of mesquite power in april 2015; and
▪   $10 million primarily from lower intercompany eliminations of costs associated with sales between sempra lng &amp; midstream and sempra mexico.
other cost of sales for our energy-related businesses increased by $174 million to $322 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to the $206 million charge related to sempra lng & midstream's permanent release of pipeline capacity in the second quarter of 2016, offset by $33 million of capacity costs in 2015 on the rockies express pipeline.
sempra utilities:
sempra south american utilities         170                   172                   160
(1)   includes eliminations of intercompany activity.
◦   $54 million higher non-refundable operating costs primarily associated with higher safety-related maintenance and inspection activity, as well as other labor, contract services and administrative and support costs,
◦   $20 million aliso canyon litigation reserves in 2017, and
◦   $10 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs;
◦   $22 million lower expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs,
◦   $11 million reimbursement of litigation costs associated with the arbitration ruling over the songs replacement steam generators, as we discuss in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, offset by
◦   $40 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, and
◦   $14 million lower litigation expense, and
◦   $52 million higher expenses associated with cpuc-authorized refundable programs, offset by
▪   $24 million increase at sempra mexico primarily from $17 million higher operating costs due to the acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016; offset by
▪   $39 million increase at socalgas from depreciation on higher utility plant base;
▪   $24 million increase at sdg&amp;e primarily from depreciation on higher utility plant base.
▪   $42 million increase at sdg&amp;e from depreciation on higher utility plant base, higher depreciation at otay mesa vie and higher amortization; and
▪   $15 million increase at socalgas from depreciation on higher utility plant base.
write-off of wildfire regulatory asset in the third quarter of 2017, sdg&e recorded a $351 million charge for the write-off of a regulatory asset associated with wildfire costs. we discuss this further in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment losses sempra mexico reduced the carrying value of tdm by recognizing noncash impairment charges of $71 million in 2017 and $131 million in 2016, as we discuss in notes 3 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in 2016, socalgas recorded a $21 million impairment of assets related to the southern gas system reliability project.
gain on sale of assets gain on sale of assets includes, in 2016, $130 million from the sale of energysouth, and in 2015, $61 million from the sale of the remaining 625-mw block of the mesquite power plant and a related power sale contract, and $8 million from the sale of the rosamond solar development project.
equity earnings, before income tax equity earnings from our equity method investments were
the increase of $28 million in equity earnings in 2017 was primarily attributable to $26 million equity losses in 2016 from sempra lng & midstream's investment in rockies express, including a $44 million impairment charge in the first quarter of 2016.
the decrease of $98 million in equity earnings in 2016 was primarily due to the $44 million impairment charge related to sempra lng & midstream's investment in rockies express in the first quarter of 2016, and $61 million lower equity earnings as a result of the sale of our 25-percent interest in rockies express in may 2016.
we provide further details about equity method investments in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
remeasurement of equity method investment in the third quarter of 2016, sempra mexico recorded a $617 million noncash gain associated with the remeasurement of its 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines. we discuss the transaction further in notes 3 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income, net, includes equity-related afudc at the california utilities and regulated entities at sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream; interest on regulatory balancing accounts; gains and losses from our investments and interest rate swaps; foreign currency transaction gains and losses; electrical infrastructure relocation income in peru and chile; and other, sundry amounts. the investment activity is on dedicated assets in support of certain executive benefit plans, as we discuss in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
as part of our central risk management function, we enter into foreign currency derivatives to hedge sempra mexico parent's exposure to movements in the mexican peso from its controlling interest in ienova. the gains associated with these derivatives are included in other income, net, as described below, and partially mitigate the transactional effects of foreign currency and inflation included in income taxes and in earnings from sempra mexico's equity method investments. we discuss policies governing our risk management in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" below.
other income, net, increased by $122 million to $254 million in 2017 and included the following activity:
▪   $52 million increase in equity-related afudc, including:
in 2016 compared to 2015, other income, net, increased by $6 million (5%) to $132 million and included the following activity:
▪   $9 million increase in equity-related afudc, including:
◦   $40 million increase due to interest on debt assumed in the ienova pipelines and ventika acquisitions in the second half of 2016,
◦   $28 million increase due to lower capitalized interest due to the recognition of afudc mainly related to the ojinaga and san isidro pipeline projects in 2017,
▪   $11 million increase at sempra renewables primarily due to lower capitalized interest as a result of solar and wind assets placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2016.
▪   $26 million higher capitalized interest primarily due to:
on december 22, 2017, the tcja was signed into law. as discussed below, we recorded additional income tax expense of $870 million from the effects of the tcja in 2017.
following are the key provisions of the tcja, its impact on us in 2017 and how we expect it may impact us in the future:
▪   deemed repatriation: the tcja imposes a one-time tax for deemed repatriation of cumulative undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries. under the deemed repatriation provision of the tcja, a u.s. shareholder must include in taxable income its pro-rata share of cumulative foreign undistributed earnings, which are taxed at 15.5 percent on cash or cash equivalents and 8 percent on cumulative other earnings.
▪   territorial tax system: the tcja adopts a territorial system of taxation that replaces the previous worldwide taxation approach. the tcja provides for a 100 percent dividends received deduction for foreign source dividends, effectively resulting in no federal income taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings after 2017.
▪   full expensing of depreciable property: property placed in service after september 27, 2017 is generally eligible for full expensing. regulated public utilities, including sdg&amp;e and socalgas, are not eligible for this treatment.
▪   limitation of interest deductions: the tcja limits the deduction for interest expense that exceeds adjusted taxable income. any disallowed interest expense can be carried forward indefinitely. regulated public utilities, including sdg&amp;e and socalgas, are excepted from this limitation.
▪   executive compensation deduction limitation: the tcja amends the definition of a covered employee and eliminates certain exceptions previously allowed under prior law, limiting the annual deductible compensation expense for a covered employee to $1 million.
▪   nol deductions: u.s. federal nol carryforwards generated in years starting in 2018 are limited to 80 percent of taxable income. the tcja permits new nols to be carried forward indefinitely, but no longer allows any carryback.
▪   lower u.s. statutory corporate income tax rate: the remeasurement of deferred income taxes at the new u.s. statutory corporate federal income tax rate of 21 percent resulted in additional income tax expense of $182 million, $28 million and $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017 for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&amp;e and socalgas, respectively. due to regulation by the cpuc and ferc, remeasurement impacts at sdg&amp;e and socalgas were largely offset by adjustments to regulatory liabilities.
▪   deemed repatriation: sempra energy recorded income tax expense of $328 million associated with the deemed repatriation tax for the year ended december 31, 2017. in addition, we now anticipate that we will repatriate our foreign undistributed earnings (estimated to be approximately $4 billion) that have now been taxed at the u.s. federal level as a result of the deemed repatriation tax. we expect to repatriate approximately $1.6 billion from 2018 through 2022, as cash is generated by our businesses at the local level. we currently anticipate electing to use our existing nols to offset the deemed repatriation tax. however, as provided under the tcja, at the time of filing our tax return in 2018, should we determine that we will pay the deemed repatriation tax over a period of eight years instead of utilizing our nols, our income tax expense and cash tax payments would increase. in addition to the deemed repatriation tax, we accrued $360 million of u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings. this liability could change as a result of various factors, such as interpretation and clarification of the tcja provisions, changes in foreign tax laws, foreign currency movements, the source of cash to be repatriated, or adjustments to our provisional estimates, as we discuss below.
we have not recorded deferred income tax with respect to remaining basis differences of approximately $1 billion between financial statement and income tax investment amounts in our non-u.s. subsidiaries as of december 31, 2017 because we consider them to be indefinitely reinvested. it is not practicable to determine the hypothetical amount of tax that might be payable if the underlying basis differences were realized. if these basis differences were realized, we would need to adjust our income tax provision in the period we determine that they are no longer indefinitely reinvested.
as permitted by and in accordance with guidance issued by the sec, we may adjust our provisional estimates in reporting periods throughout 2018 as we complete our analysis and as more information becomes available, and these adjustments may affect earnings. events and information that may result in adjustments to our provisional estimates include interpretations or rulings by the u.s. department of the treasury or states, the filing of our 2017 income tax return and the finalization of our calculation of foreign undistributed earnings.
we discuss the tcja and its impacts further in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
◦   $688 million income tax expense in 2017 related to future repatriation of foreign earnings, including $328 million of u.s. federal income tax expense pertaining to the deemed repatriation tax and $360 million u.s. state and non-u.s. withholding tax expense on our expected future repatriation of foreign undistributed earnings estimated for deemed repatriation, and
▪   $62 million income tax expense in 2017, compared to $38 million income tax benefit in 2016, from foreign currency and inflation effects, primarily as a result of significant fluctuation of the mexican peso in 2017; and
▪   $34 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; offset by
▪   $33 million income tax benefit in 2017, compared to $3 million income tax expense in 2016, related to the resolution of prior years' income tax items.
▪   $3 million income tax expense in 2016, compared to $56 million income tax benefit in 2015, from the resolution of prior years' income tax items. the amount in 2016 included $14 million income tax expense from lower actual repairs deductions at sdg&amp;e and socalgas taken on the 2015 tax return compared to amounts estimated in 2015, as discussed in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $34 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation; and
we report as part of our pretax results the income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests. however, we do not record income taxes for a portion of this income or loss, as some of our entities with noncontrolling interests are currently treated as partnerships for income tax purposes, and thus we are only liable for income taxes on the portion of the earnings that are allocated to us. our pretax income, however, includes 100 percent of these entities. as our entities with noncontrolling interests grow, and as we may continue to invest in such entities, the impact on our etr may become more significant.
sdg&e sdg&e's income tax expense decreased in 2017 due to lower pretax income and a lower etr. the pretax income in 2017 included the $351 million ($208 million after-tax) write-off of wildfire regulatory asset. the lower etr was primarily due to:
▪   $12 million higher income tax benefit in 2017 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; and
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
▪   $11 million lower income tax benefit in 2016 from the resolution of prior years' income tax items, including $3 million income tax expense in 2016 from lower actual repairs deductions taken on the 2015 tax return compared to amounts estimated in 2015; offset by
▪   $7 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
▪   $12 million income tax benefit in 2017, compared to $10 million income tax expense in 2016, from the resolution of prior years' income tax items; offset by
▪   $4 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
▪   $10 million income tax expense in 2016, compared to $18 million income tax benefit in 2015, from the resolution of prior years' income tax items. the amount in 2016 included $11 million income tax expense from lower actual repairs deductions taken on the 2015 tax return compared to amounts estimated in 2015; offset by
▪   $4 million income tax benefit in 2016 associated with excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation.
peruvian tax legislation on december 10, 2016, the peruvian president, through a presidential decree, enacted income tax law changes that became effective on january 1, 2017. among other changes, the new law imposes an increase in the corporate income tax rate from 28 percent in 2016 to 29.5 percent in 2017 and beyond, as well as a decrease in the dividend withholding tax rate from 6.8 percent in 2016 to 5 percent in 2017 and beyond. as a result of the increase to the peruvian corporate income tax rate to 29.5 percent, we remeasured our peruvian deferred income tax balances, resulting in $17 million income tax expense recorded in 2016.
equity earnings, net of income tax equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries, net of income tax, which are all from sempra south american utilities' and sempra mexico's equity method investments, were
▪   $64 million of equity earnings in 2016 from ienova pipelines, including $19 million from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines in september 2016; and
▪   $13 million equity losses in 2017 from den, prior to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in den in november 2017, compared to $5 million of equity earnings in 2016, primarily from foreign currency and inflation effects; offset by
▪   $45 million equity earnings from img, primarily from afudc equity and foreign currency effects, offset by interest expense.
the decrease of $7 million in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily due to ienova's acquisition of the remaining 50-percent interest in ienova pipelines, increasing ienova's ownership in ienova pipelines to 100 percent, offset by higher equity earnings at the eletrans joint venture.
◦   $28 million losses attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2017 from foreign currency and inflation effects without the corresponding benefit from foreign currency derivatives that are not subject to noncontrolling interests compared to $14 million earnings in 2016, offset by
◦   $32 million higher earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests, excluding the effects of foreign currency and inflation, from the decrease in our controlling interest from 81.1 percent to 66.4 percent following ienova's equity offering in october 2016, which we discuss in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements; and
▪   $19 million higher pretax losses attributed to tax equity investors at sempra renewables in 2017; offset by
◦   $82 million gain associated with the remeasurement of our 50-percent equity interest in ienova pipelines, and
◦   $14 million due to the decrease in our controlling interest from 81.1 percent to 66.4 percent following ienova's equity offerings in october 2016, offset by
transactions with affiliates we provide information about our related party transactions in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations foreign currency translation our operations in south america and our natural gas distribution utility in mexico use their local currency as their functional currency. the assets and liabilities of these foreign operations are translated into u.s. dollars at current exchange rates at the end of the reporting period, and revenues and expenses are translated at average exchange rates for the reporting period. the resulting noncash translation adjustments do not enter into the calculation of earnings or retained earnings, but are reflected in oci and in aoci. however, any difference in average exchange rates used for the translation of income statement activity from year to year can cause a variance in sempra energy's comparative results of operations. changes in foreign currency translation rates between years impacted our comparative reported results as follows:
sempra south american utilities                                         $6                                          $(8                   )
transactional impacts some income statement activities at our foreign operations and their joint ventures are also impacted by transactional gains and losses, which we discuss below. a summary of these foreign currency transactional gains and losses included in our reported results are as follows:
equity earnings, net of income tax          42         78                      85                      14                                               23                              17
foreign currency exchange rate and inflation impacts on income taxes and related hedging activity our mexican subsidiaries have u.s. dollar-denominated cash balances, receivables, payables and debt (monetary assets and liabilities) that are affected by mexican currency exchange rate movements for mexican income tax purposes. they also have deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are significant, denominated in the mexican peso that must be translated to u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. in addition, monetary assets and liabilities and certain nonmonetary assets and liabilities are adjusted for mexican inflation for mexican income tax purposes. as a result, fluctuations in both the currency exchange rate for the mexican peso against the u.s. dollar and mexican inflation may expose us to fluctuations in income tax expense and equity earnings, net of income tax. we use foreign currency derivatives as a means to manage exposure to the currency exchange rate on our monetary assets and liabilities. however, we generally do not hedge our deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which makes us susceptible to volatility in income tax expense caused by exchange rate fluctuations and inflation. the derivative activity impacts other income, net.
the income tax expense of our south american subsidiaries is similarly impacted by inflation and currency exchange rate movements related to u.s. dollar-denominated monetary assets and liabilities.
other transactions although the financial statements of most of our mexican subsidiaries and joint ventures (energía sierra juárez and img) have the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, some transactions may be denominated in the local currency; such transactions are remeasured into u.s. dollars. this remeasurement creates transactional gains and losses that are included in other income, net, for our consolidated subsidiaries and in equity earnings, net of income tax, for our joint ventures (including ienova pipelines until september 26, 2016 and den until november 15, 2017).
certain of our mexican pipeline projects (namely los ramones i at ienova pipelines and los ramones norte within our tag joint venture) generate revenue based on tariffs that are set by government agencies in mexico, with contracts denominated in mexican pesos that are indexed to the u.s. dollar, adjusted annually for inflation and fluctuation in the exchange rate. the
resultant gains and losses from remeasuring the local currency amounts into u.s. dollars and the settlement of foreign currency forwards and swaps related to these contracts are included in revenues: energy-related businesses or equity earnings, net of income tax.
our joint ventures in chile (eletrans) use the u.s. dollar as the functional currency, but have certain construction commitments that are denominated in clf. eletrans entered into forward exchange contracts to manage the foreign currency exchange risk of the clf relative to the u.s. dollar. the forward exchange contracts settle based on anticipated payments to vendors, generally monthly, ending in 2018, with activity recorded in equity earnings, net of income tax.
capital resources and liquidity overview we expect to meet cash requirements of our operations through cash flows from operations, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, borrowings under our credit facilities, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including tax equity and partnering in joint ventures. we discuss the anticipated financing and cash flow impacts of our pending acquisition of efh below.
our lines of credit provide liquidity and support commercial paper. as we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, sempra energy, sempra global and the california utilities each have five-year revolving credit facilities expiring in 2020. the table below shows the amount of available funds, including available unused credit on these three credit facilities, at december 31, 2017. our foreign operations have additional general purpose credit facilities aggregating $1.8 billion, with $1.4 billion available unused credit at december 31, 2017.
available unused credit(2)(3)               3,035                            497                     634
(2)   available unused credit is the total available on sempra energy's, sempra global's and the california utilities' credit facilities that we discuss in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. borrowings on the shared line of credit at sdg&amp;e and socalgas are limited to $750 million for each utility and a combined total of $1 billion.
(3)   because the commercial paper programs are supported by these lines, we reflect the amount of commercial paper outstanding as a reduction to the available unused credit.
on january 17, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the sempra energy and sempra global credit facilities, the amounts available under the lines of credit were increased by $250 million for sempra energy and $850 million for sempra global. this additional borrowing capacity is available to us for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes, and is intended to provide us with additional liquidity and to support commercial paper that we may utilize from time to time to fund our strategic and growth initiatives.
sempra energy consolidated we believe that these available funds, combined with cash flows from operations, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt and equity securities, project financing and other equity sales, including tax equity and partnering in joint ventures, will be adequate to fund our current operations, including to:
▪   finance capital expenditures
▪   meet liquidity requirements
▪   fund new business or asset acquisitions or start-ups, including our pending acquisition of efh
▪   fund expenditures related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility sempra energy and the california utilities currently have ready access to the long-term debt markets and are not currently constrained in their ability to borrow at reasonable rates. however, changing economic conditions and matters related to our pending acquisition of efh could negatively affect the availability and cost of both short-term and long-term financing. also, cash flows from operations may be impacted by the timing of commencement and completion of large projects. if cash flows from operations were to be significantly reduced or we were unable to borrow under acceptable terms, we would likely first reduce or postpone discretionary capital expenditures (not related to safety) and investments in new businesses. if these measures were necessary, they would primarily impact our sempra infrastructure businesses before we would reduce funds necessary for the ongoing needs of our utilities. we monitor our ability to finance the needs of our operating, investing and financing activities in a manner consistent with our intention to maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
we have significant investments in several trusts to provide for future payments of pensions and other postretirement benefits, and nuclear decommissioning. changes in asset values, which are dependent on the activity in the equity and fixed income markets, have not affected the trust funds' abilities to make required payments. however, changes in asset values may, along with a number of other factors such as changes to discount rates, assumed rates of return, mortality tables, and regulations, impact funding requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit plans and sdg&e's ndt. at the california utilities, funding requirements are generally recoverable in rates. in 2017 and 2016, sale and purchase activities in our ndt increased significantly compared to prior years as a result of a change to our asset mix intended to reduce the overall risk profile of the ndt in anticipation of significant cash withdrawals over the next 10 years to fund the songs decommissioning. we discuss our employee benefit plans and sdg&e's ndt, including our investment allocation strategies for assets in these trusts, in notes 7 and 13, respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
short-term borrowings our short-term debt is primarily used to meet liquidity requirements, fund shareholder dividends, and temporarily finance capital expenditures and acquisitions or start-ups. our corporate short-term, unsecured promissory notes, or commercial paper, were our primary sources of short-term debt funding in 2017. at our california utilities, short-term debt is used primarily to meet working capital needs.
pending acquisition of energy future holdings corp.
on august 21, 2017, sempra energy entered into a merger agreement to acquire efh, the indirect owner of an 80.03-percent interest in oncor (the merger). under the merger agreement, we will pay merger consideration of $9.45 billion in cash. we discuss our registered public offerings of common stock (including shares offered pursuant to forward sale agreements), mandatory convertible preferred stock and long-term debt completed in january 2018 below and in note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. these offerings provided total initial net proceeds of approximately $7.0 billion for partial funding of the merger consideration, of which approximately $800 million was used to pay down commercial paper pending the closing of the merger.
on january 9, 2018, we completed an offering of 23,364,486 shares of our common stock pursuant to forward sale agreements with each of morgan stanley & co. llc, an affiliate of rbc capital markets, llc and an affiliate of barclays capital inc. we also sold 3,504,672 shares of our common stock directly to the underwriters of the offering as a result of the underwriters fully
exercising their option to purchase shares from us solely to cover overallotments, and received $368 million in net proceeds (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses). we did not initially receive any proceeds from the offering of our common stock offered pursuant to the forward sale agreements. we expect to settle a portion of the forward sale agreements and receive proceeds from the delivery of shares of common stock concurrently with, or prior to, the closing of the merger. we expect to settle the remaining portion of the forward sale agreements after the merger, if completed, in multiple settlements on or prior to december 15, 2019, which is the scheduled final settlement date under the forward sale agreements. at the initial forward sale price of $105.074 per share, we expect the net proceeds from full physical settlement of the forward sale agreements to be approximately $2.46 billion (after deducting underwriting discounts, but before deducting expenses, and subject to forward price adjustments under the forward sale agreements). if we elect to cash settle the forward sale agreements, we would expect to receive an amount of net proceeds that is significantly lower than estimated above, and we may not receive any net proceeds (or may owe cash, which could be a significant amount, to the forward purchasers). if we elect to net share settle the forward sale agreements in full, we would not receive any cash proceeds from the forward purchasers (and we may be required to deliver shares of our common stock to the forward purchasers).
also on january 9, 2018, we sold to underwriters 17,250,000 shares of our 6% mandatory convertible preferred stock, series a, at $100.00 per share (or $98.20 per share after deducting underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses), including 2,250,000 shares purchased by the underwriters as a result of the underwriters fully exercising their option to purchase shares from us solely to cover overallotments. net proceeds were approximately $1.69 billion (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses). if for any reason the merger has not closed on or prior to december 1, 2018, or the merger agreement is terminated at any time prior to such date, then we expect to use the net proceeds from these offerings for general corporate purposes, which may include, in our sole discretion, voluntary redemption of the mandatory convertible preferred stock, debt repayment (including repayment of commercial paper), capital expenditures, investments and possibly repurchases of our common stock at the discretion of our board of directors.
in addition to the net proceeds we received from the registered public offering of common stock, mandatory convertible preferred stock, and debt described above, we expect to settle a portion of the forward sale agreements and receive proceeds from the delivery of shares of common stock concurrently with, or prior to, the closing of the merger to fund a portion of the merger consideration. we expect to raise the remaining portion of the merger consideration through multiple issuances of up to $2.7 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper, which we started issuing on february 23, 2018, although we may reduce this amount through borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and cash from operations. the commercial paper will be issued at prevailing market rates with varying maturity dates. as of february 26, 2018, we have issued approximately $275 million aggregate principal amount of commercial paper to fund a portion of the merger consideration, with a weighted-average maturity of 86 days and a weighted-average interest rate of 2.14 percent per annum.
we intend to ultimately fund approximately 65 percent of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs with net proceeds from sales of sempra energy equity securities, including proceeds from the offerings in january 2018 and from settlements of our forward sale agreements, and approximately 35 percent with the net proceeds from issuances of sempra energy debt securities, although we may use cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales in place of some equity financing. some of the equity financing (including proceeds we receive from the settlement of our forward sale agreements and from other sales of common stock) may be obtained after completion of the merger and used to repay indebtedness incurred to finance a portion of the merger consideration and associated transaction costs.
we anticipate that the merger, if consummated on the terms and under the financing structure currently contemplated, will have a positive impact on our consolidated results of operations. this expectation is based on current market conditions and is subject to a number of assumptions, estimates, projections and other uncertainties, including assumptions regarding the results of operations of the combined company after the merger, the relative mix and timing of debt and equity financing obtained to ultimately fund the merger consideration, the price and interest rates of these financings and the date we close the merger. this expectation also assumes that oncor will perform in accordance with our expectations, and there can be no assurance that this will occur. in addition, we may encounter additional transaction costs and costs to manage our investment in oncor, may fail to realize some or any of the benefits anticipated in the merger, may be subject to currently unknown liabilities as a result of the merger, or may be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates.
we provide additional discussion regarding the merger and financing risks in notes 3 and 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in "factors influencing future performance" below and in "item 1a. risk factors." we discuss the potential effects of the merger on our credit ratings in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
impacts of the tcja in the fourth quarter of 2017, we recorded certain effects of the tcja, resulting in an increase to income tax expense of $870 million at sempra energy consolidated for the remeasurement of u.s. federal deferred income tax assets and liabilities at the new federal income tax rate of 21 percent, the one-time deemed repatriation tax on cumulative undistributed earnings of u.s.-owned foreign corporations, and the related accrual of incremental u.s. state and foreign withholding taxes on expected future repatriation of our undistributed earnings subject to deemed repatriation. although there is no cash impact in 2017, these effects represent future tax payments or other cash outflow and, in the case of sdg&e and socalgas, the remeasurement of their u.s. federal deferred income tax balances will result in cash outflow primarily for refunds to ratepayers in the future. however, the federal and state income taxes and withholding taxes we accrued allow us to repatriate approximately $4 billion of undistributed non-u.s. earnings without further material tax expense expected. we expect to repatriate approximately $1.6 billion from 2018 to 2022, as cash is generated by our businesses at the local level. we currently anticipate electing to use our existing nols to offset the deemed repatriation tax. however, as provided under the tcja, at the time of filing our tax return in 2018, should we determine that we will pay the deemed repatriation tax over a period of eight years instead of utilizing our nols, our income tax expense and cash tax payments would increase.
certain financial metrics used by credit rating agencies, such as our funds from operations-to-debt percentage, could be negatively impacted as a result of certain provisions of the tcja and in particular by an anticipated decrease in income tax reimbursement payments to us from sdg&e and socalgas due the reduction in the u.s statutory corporate income tax rate to 21 percent.
certain provisions of the tcja, such as 100-percent expensing of capital expenditures and impacts on utilization of our nols, may also influence how we fund capital expenditures, the timing of capital expenditures and possible redeployment of capital through sales or monetization of assets, the timing of repatriation of foreign earnings and the use of equity financing to reduce our future use of debt.
california utilities sdg&e and socalgas expect that available funds described above, cash flows from operations, and debt issuances will continue to be adequate to fund their respective operations.
as we discuss in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, changes in balancing accounts for significant costs at sdg&e and socalgas, particularly a change between over- and undercollected status, may have a significant impact on cash flows, as these changes generally represent the difference between when costs are incurred and when they are ultimately recovered in rates through billings to customers. sdg&e uses the erra commodity balancing account to record the net of its actual cost incurred for electric fuel and purchased power. sdg&e's erra balance was undercollected by $51 million and $25 million at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in the erra undercollected balance in 2017 has been primarily due to lower electric volume in conjunction with seasonalized electric rates. the cpuc authorized an erra trigger mechanism in conjunction with california state law that allows for recovery of erra balances that exceed 5 percent of the prior year's electric commodity revenues. in august 2017, the cpuc approved sdg&e's request to amortize $120 million in rates over a 14-month period beginning november 2017.
socalgas aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak we provide information on the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in "factors influencing future performance" below, and in "item 1a. risk factors." the costs of defending against the related civil and criminal lawsuits and cooperating with related investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, costs and other penalties, if awarded or imposed, as well as costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. also, higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of this incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable in customer rates, which may have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if it is determined that the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility was out of service for more than nine consecutive months, we may be unable to recover this investment in rates.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts were significant and may increase, and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
sempra south american utilities we expect to fund operations at chilquinta energía and luz del sur and dividends at luz del sur with available funds, including credit facilities, funds internally generated by those businesses, issuances of corporate bonds and other external borrowings.
sempra mexico we expect to fund operations and dividends at ienova with available funds, including credit facilities, and funds internally generated by the sempra mexico businesses, as well as funds from ienova's securities issuances, project financing, interim funding from the parent or affiliates, and partnering in joint ventures.
in 2017, 2016 and 2015, ienova paid dividends of $67 million, $26 million and $32 million, respectively, to its noncontrolling shareholders.
sempra renewables we expect sempra renewables to require funds for the development of and investment in electric renewable energy projects. projects at sempra renewables may be financed through a combination of operating cash flow, project financing, funds from the parent, partnering in joint ventures, and other forms of equity sales, including tax equity. the varying costs and structure of these alternative financing sources impact the projects' returns and their earnings profiles.
sempra lng & midstream we expect sempra lng & midstream to require funding for the development and expansion of its portfolio of projects, which may be financed through a combination of operating cash flow, funding from the parent, project financing and partnering in joint ventures.
sempra lng & midstream, through its interest in cameron lng jv, is developing a natural gas liquefaction export facility at the cameron lng jv terminal. the majority of the current three-train liquefaction project is project-financed, with most or all of the remainder of the capital requirements to be provided by the project partners, including sempra energy, through equity contributions under a joint venture agreement. we expect that our remaining equity requirements to complete the project will be met by a combination of our share of cash generated from each liquefaction train as it comes on line and additional cash contributions. sempra energy signed guarantees for 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the financing agreements for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, the effective date of the joint venture formation. the guarantees will terminate upon satisfaction of certain conditions,
we discuss cameron lng jv and the joint venture financing further in note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, below in "factors influencing future performance," and in "item 1a. risk factors."
cash flows from operating activities cash provided by operating activities
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.1 billion higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to improved results at our operating segments;
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals. we discuss the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility leak further in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors;"
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt at sdg&amp;e in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year; and
▪   $145 million increase in permanent pipeline capacity release liability at sempra lng &amp; midstream in 2016. we discuss the permanent pipeline capacity releases in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements;
cash provided by operating activities at sempra energy decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $221 million net decrease in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $274 million increase in 2015. the $221 million net decrease includes $654 million of cash expenditures, offset by $433 million of additional accruals;
▪   $268 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2016 compared to 2015, including charges for income tax benefits previously generated from income tax repairs deductions that were reallocated to ratepayers pursuant to the 2016 grc fd, as well as lower results at sempra lng &amp; midstream;
▪   $348 million net decrease in undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) in 2016 at the california utilities compared to a $544 million net decrease in 2015;
▪   $122 million increase in accounts payable in 2016 compared to a $157 million decrease in 2015, primarily due to higher average cost of natural gas purchased at socalgas, as well as higher gas purchases as a result of the moratorium on natural gas injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility;
▪   $145 million increase in permanent pipeline capacity release liability at sempra lng &amp; midstream;
▪   $281 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $325 million increase in 2015. the $281 million net increase in 2016 included $450 million of additional accruals, offset by $169 million in insurance proceeds;
▪   $36 million net decrease in ghg allowance purchases at the california utilities; and
▪   $23 million reduction to the songs regulatory asset due to cash received for sdg&amp;e's portion of the doe settlement with edison related to spent fuel storage, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sdg&e cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $66 million decrease in ndt in 2017 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in the current year;
▪   $23 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016.
cash provided by operating activities at sdg&e decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $55 million decrease in net undercollected regulatory balancing accounts (including long-term amounts) in 2016 compared to a $474 million decrease in 2015, primarily due to changes in electric commodity accounts;
▪   $72 million higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2016 compared to 2015;
▪   $23 million reduction to the songs regulatory asset due to cash received for sdg&amp;e's portion of the doe settlement with edison related to spent fuel storage.
socalgas cash provided by operating activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $188 million net decrease in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $281 million net increase in 2016. the $188 million net decrease in 2017 primarily includes $300 million in insurance proceeds received, offset by $112 million of additional accruals;
▪   $31 million net increase in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2017 compared to a $221 million net decrease in 2016. the $31 million net increase in 2017 includes $130 million of additional accruals (including $20 million of litigation reserves charged to earnings), offset by $99 million of cash paid;
▪   $135 million higher net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2017 compared to 2016;
▪   $20 million net source of cash due to changes in other current assets and liabilities in 2017 compared to a $38 million net use of cash in 2016; and
cash provided by operating activities at socalgas decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $221 million net decrease in reserve for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $274 million increase in 2015. the $221 million net decrease includes $654 million of cash expenditures, offset by $433 million of additional accruals;
▪   $4 million decrease in inventory in 2016 compared to a $102 million decrease in 2015. the decrease in 2015 was primarily due to the moratorium on natural gas injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility;
▪   $72 million lower net income, adjusted for noncash items included in earnings, in 2016 compared to 2015;
▪   $36 million increase in accounts payable in 2016 compared to a $143 million decrease in 2015. the 2015 decrease was primarily due to the moratorium on natural gas injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, as well as lower average cost of natural gas purchased;
▪   $281 million net increase in insurance receivable for aliso canyon costs in 2016 compared to a $325 million increase in 2015. the $281 million net increase in 2016 included $450 million of additional accruals, offset by $169 million in insurance proceeds.
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities
sempra energy consolidated cash used in investing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $1.2 billion decrease in expenditures for investments and acquisition of businesses, as we discuss below; and
▪   $265 million decrease in capital expenditures, as we discuss below; offset by
▪   $443 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of its 25-percent interest in rockies express in 2016;
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years.
cash used in investing activities at sempra energy increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $1.3 billion increase in expenditures for investments and acquisition of businesses;
▪   $1.1 billion increase in capital expenditures;
▪   $347 million of net proceeds received in 2015 from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of the remaining 625-mw block of its mesquite power plant and a related power sale contract; and
▪   $443 million net proceeds received from sempra lng &amp; midstream's sale of its investment in rockies express in 2016;
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years, compared to a $60 million decrease in 2015.
cash used in investing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $156 million increase in capital expenditures; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years; offset by
cash used in investing activities at sdg&e increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
▪   $266 million increase in capital expenditures; and
▪   $100 million decrease in ndt assets in 2016 as a result of cpuc authorization to withdraw trust funds for songs decommissioning costs incurred in prior years, compared to a $60 million decrease in 2015.
socalgas cash used in investing activities at socalgas increased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $48 million increase in capital expenditures.
cash used in investing activities at socalgas decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 due to:
▪   $33 million lower capital expenditures.
capital expenditures and investments sempra energy consolidated expenditures for pp&e
the following table summarizes capital expenditures for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
expenditures for pp&amp;e
sempra south american utilities:
construction of other natural gas pipeline and renewables projects, and capital expenditures at ecogas                                                                                                 65                    28                    24
sempra energy consolidated investments and acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, sempra energy invested in various joint ventures and other businesses, summarized in the following table.
expenditures for investments and acquisitions(1)
sempra south american utilities:
expenditures for wind projects(3)   -                                    21                          19
expenditures for solar projects     -                           -                                     5
(4)   includes capitalized interest of $47 million, $47 million and $49 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, on sempra lng &amp; midstream's investment, as the joint venture has not commenced planned principal operations.
sempra energy consolidated distributions from investments sempra energy's distributions from investments, which represent the return of investment capital from equity method investments at sempra renewables, totaled $26 million, $25 million and $15 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. these amounts do not include distributions of earnings from equity method investments that represent returns on investments, which are included in cash flows from operations.
future construction expenditures and investments the amounts and timing of capital expenditures and certain investments are generally subject to approvals by various regulatory and other governmental and environmental bodies, including the cpuc and the ferc. in 2018, we expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $13.3 billion, as summarized in the following table.
future construction expenditures and investments
capital contribution and transaction costs                                                                                            250
sempra south american utilities:
we discuss significant capital projects, planned and in progress, at each of our segments in "factors influencing future performance" below.
over the next five years, 2018 through 2022, and subject to the factors described below which could cause these estimates to vary substantially, sempra energy expects to make aggregate capital expenditures and investments of approximately $12.9 billion at the california utilities and $11.9 billion at its other subsidiaries.
capital expenditure amounts include capitalized interest. at the california utilities, the amounts also include the portion of afudc related to debt, but exclude the portion of afudc related to equity. at sempra mexico and sempra lng & midstream, the amounts also exclude afudc related to equity. we provide further details about afudc in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
periodically, we review our construction, investment and financing programs and revise them in response to changes in regulation, economic conditions, competition, customer growth, inflation, customer rates, the cost and availability of capital, and safety and environmental requirements. we discuss these considerations in more detail in notes 13, 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our level of capital expenditures and investments in the next few years may vary substantially and will depend on the cost and availability of financing, regulatory approvals, changes in u.s. federal tax law and business opportunities providing desirable rates of return. we intend to finance our capital expenditures in a manner that will maintain our investment-grade credit ratings and capital structure.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows from financing activities
sempra energy consolidated cash provided by financing activities at sempra energy decreased in 2017 primarily due to:
▪   $743 million higher payments on debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
▪   $196 million net proceeds from tax equity funding from certain wind and solar power generation projects at sempra renewables in 2017 compared to $474 million in 2016;
▪   $1.6 billion higher issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
financing activities at sempra energy were a net source of cash in 2016 compared to a net use of cash in 2015, primarily due to:
▪   $474 million net proceeds from tax equity funding from certain wind and solar power generation projects at sempra renewables; offset by
▪   $203 million higher payments of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
▪   $52 million from excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation in 2015. in connection with the adoption of a new accounting standard related to share-based compensation, $34 million of similar excess tax benefits are now recorded to earnings and included as an operating activity beginning in 2016; and
▪   $41 million lower issuances of debt with maturities greater than 90 days, including:
sdg&e cash used in financing activities at sdg&e increased in 2017 primarily due to:
cash used in financing activities at sdg&e decreased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
socalgas cash provided by financing activities at socalgas decreased in 2017 primarily due to a $499 million issuance of long-term debt in 2016.
cash provided by financing activities at socalgas increased in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to:
december 31,                maturity   interest
amount at issuance          maturity
the california utilities used the proceeds from their issuances of long-term debt:
▪   for general working capital purposes;
▪   to repay commercial paper, maturing long-term debt and certain long-term debt prior to maturity; and
▪   to replenish amounts expended and to fund future expenditures for the expansion and improvement of their utility plants.
payments           maturity
in note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide information about our lines of credit and additional information about debt activity.
capital stock transactions sempra energy cash provided by employee stock option exercises and newly issued shares under our dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase plan and our 401(k) saving plan was
in addition, on february 22, 2018, our board of directors declared a dividend of $1.60 per share on our mandatory convertible preferred stock, payable on april 15, 2018.
sdg&e in 2017, 2016 and 2015, sdg&e paid dividends to enova and enova paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $450 million, $175 million and $300 million, respectively. sdg&e's dividends on common stock declared on an annual historical basis may not be indicative of future declarations, and could be impacted over the next few years in order for sdg&e to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program (over $1.2 billion per year).
socalgas socalgas declared and paid common stock dividends to pe and pe paid corresponding dividends to sempra energy of $50 million in 2015. as a result of socalgas' capital investment program of over $1 billion per year, socalgas has not declared or paid common stock dividends since 2015. socalgas' common stock dividends in the next few years will be impacted by its ability to maintain its authorized capital structure while managing its capital investment program.
dividend restrictions the board of directors for each of sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas has the discretion to determine the payment and amount of future dividends by each such entity. the cpuc's regulation of sdg&e's and socalgas' capital structures limits the amounts that are available for loans and dividends to sempra energy. at december 31, 2017, based on these regulations, sempra energy could have received loans and dividends of approximately $469 million from sdg&e and $736 million from socalgas.
we provide additional information about dividend restrictions in "restricted net assets" in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the decrease in 2017 was primarily the result of dividends exceeding comprehensive income, partially offset by an increase in equity from share-based compensation. in 2016, the increase was attributable to comprehensive income in excess of dividends, ienova's follow-on equity offerings and a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings for previously unrecognized excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.
capitalization our debt to capitalization ratio, calculated as total debt as a percentage of total debt and equity, was as follows:
total capitalization and debt-to-capitalization ratios
total capitalization           $34,552                        $11,434                     $7,009
debt-to-capitalization ratio   56              %       51                   %      44                   %
total capitalization           $32,362                        $10,527                     $6,554
debt-to-capitalization ratio   53              %       46                   %      46                   %
(1)   includes otay mesa vie with no significant impact.
significant changes during 2017 that affected capitalization included the following:
we provide additional information about these significant changes in notes 1 and 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
commitments the following tables summarize principal contractual commitments, primarily long-term, at december 31, 2017 for sempra energy consolidated, sdg&e and socalgas. we provide additional information about commitments above and in notes 5, 7, 13 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
principal contractual commitments - sempra energy consolidated
capital leases(2)                                   17                        35                         45                    1,192                   1,289
construction commitments                           257                       106                         40                      124                     527
build-to-suit lease                                 10                        21                         22                      234                     287
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                         6                          6                      104                     119
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(4)                                     235                       310                        468                    1,338                   2,351
environmental commitments(5)                        12                        18                          4                       19                      53
(2)   present value of the net minimum lease payments includes $550 million at sdg&amp;e that will be recorded as a capital lease obligation when construction of the power plant facility subject to the lease is completed and delivery of contracted power commences, which is scheduled to occur in 2018.
(3)   sempra lng &amp; midstream has a purchase agreement with a major international company for the supply of lng to the eca terminal. the commitment amount is calculated using a predetermined formula based on estimated forward prices of the index applicable from 2018 to 2029. we provide more information about this contract in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(5)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at socalgas' aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
principal contractual commitments - sdg&amp;e
capital leases(2)                                   14                      34                        45                   1,189                  1,282
construction commitments                            79                      30                         6                       5                    120
sunrise powerlink wildfire mitigation fund           3                       6                         6                     104                    119
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                      51                      25                        95                     247                    418
environmental commitments                            3                       4                         3                      18                     28
(2)   present value of the net minimum lease payments includes $550 million that will be recorded as a capital lease obligation when construction of the power plant facility subject to the lease is completed and delivery of contracted power commences, which is scheduled to occur in 2018.
principal contractual commitments - socalgas
capital leases                                   1                       -                         -                       -                      1
construction commitments                         3                       4                         -                       -                      7
environmental commitments(2)                     7                      14                         1                       2                     24
pension and other postretirement benefit obligations(3)                                 115                     220                       301                     994                  1,630
(2)   excludes amounts related to the natural gas leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility.
▪   employment contracts the tables also exclude income tax liabilities at december 31, 2017 of:
▪   $35 million for socalgas these liabilities relate to uncertain tax positions and were excluded from the tables because we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of future payments due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions. we provide additional information about unrecognized tax benefits in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we have bilateral unsecured standby letter of credit capacity with select lenders that is uncommitted and supported by reimbursement agreements. at december 31, 2017, we had approximately $629 million in standby letters of credit outstanding under these agreements.
sdg&e has entered into ppas which are variable interests. sempra renewables has entered into tax equity arrangements which are variable interests. sempra energy's other businesses may also enter into arrangements which could include variable interests. we discuss variable interests in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
factors influencing future performance sempra energy pending acquisition of energy future holdings corp.
business that operates the largest distribution and transmission system in texas. we expect the merger to close in the first half of 2018. upon consummation of the acquisition, although we will consolidate efh, we will account for our ownership in oncor holdings and oncor as an equity method investment. we discuss this merger and related financing in notes 3 and 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, "capital resources and liquidity" above, "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
the merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of the puct. certain conditions, such as approval from the bankruptcy court, the ferc, the vermont department of financial regulation and receipt of a private letter ruling from the irs, have been satisfied. if the required governmental consents and approvals are not received, or if they are not received on terms that satisfy the conditions in the agreements governing the merger, the merger could be abandoned, delayed or restructured. the agreements governing the merger may require us to accept conditions from regulators that could materially adversely impact the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of sempra energy (which after giving effect to the assumed completion of our proposed acquisition of efh, we refer to as the "combined company").
oncor performance the success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability of oncor to successfully execute its business strategy, including several objectives that are capital intensive, and to respond to challenges in the electric utility industry. if oncor is not able to achieve these objectives, is not able to achieve these objectives on a timely basis, or otherwise fails to perform in accordance with our expectations, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all and the merger may materially adversely affect the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company and, consequently, the market value of sempra energy common stock, preferred stock and debt securities. in addition, if oncor fails to meet its capital requirements or if its credit ratings at closing by any one of the three major rating agencies are below the ratings as of june 30, 2017, we may be required to make additional equity investments in oncor, or if oncor is unable to access sufficient capital to finance its ongoing needs, we may elect to make additional equity investments in oncor, which could be substantial and which would reduce the cash available to us for other purposes, could increase our indebtedness and could ultimately materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects after the merger. in addition, we have agreed that, within 60 days after the merger, we will contribute our proportionate share of the aggregate investment in oncor in an amount necessary for oncor to achieve a capital structure consisting of 57.5 percent long-term debt and 42.5 percent equity, as calculated for regulatory purposes.
financing and dilution we intend to ultimately finance the merger consideration of $9.45 billion, along with the associated transaction costs, with approximately 65 percent from issuances of common stock and other equity securities and approximately 35 percent from issuances of debt securities, although we may use cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales in place of some equity financing. on january 9, 2018, we issued approximately $1.69 billion (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses) of our mandatory convertible preferred stock and $368 million of common stock (net of underwriting discounts, but before deducting related expenses), and we completed an offering of 23,364,486 common shares subject to forward sale agreements, which we expect to settle in whole or in part by the issuance of common stock in the future. these equity issuances and contemplated equity issuances will have the effect of diluting the economic and voting interests of our shareholders and, without a commensurate increase in sempra energy's earnings, would dilute our eps.
absence of control in accordance with the ring-fencing measures, existing governance mechanisms and commitments we made as part of the joint application and the stipulation, we will be subject to certain restrictions following the merger. the stipulation includes regulatory commitments by sempra energy, most of which are similar to the regulatory commitments made by sempra energy as part of the joint application and are consistent with the ring-fencing measures currently in place. the ring-fencing measures, commitments, governance mechanisms and restrictions include the following, among others:
▪   a majority of the independent directors of oncor must approve any annual or multi-year budget if the aggregate amount of capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenditures in such budget is more than a 10 percent increase or decrease from the corresponding amounts of such expenditures in the budget for the preceding fiscal year or multi-year period, as applicable;
▪   oncor will make minimum aggregate capital expenditures equal to at least $7.5 billion over the period from january 1, 2018 through december 31, 2022 (subject to certain possible adjustments);
▪   sempra energy has agreed to make, within 60 days after the merger, its proportionate share of the aggregate equity investment in oncor in an amount necessary for oncor to achieve a capital structure consisting of 57.5 percent long-term debt and 42.5
percent equity, as calculated for regulatory purposes (until recently, oncor's regulatory capital structure required 40 percent equity, with the remaining 60 percent as debt);
▪   oncor may not pay any dividends or make any other distributions (except for contractual tax payments) if a majority of its independent directors or a minority member director determines that it is in the best interests of oncor to retain such amounts to meet expected future requirements;
▪   at all times, oncor will remain in compliance with the debt-to-equity ratio established by the puct from time to time for ratemaking purposes, and oncor will not pay dividends or other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), if that payment would cause its debt-to-equity ratio to exceed the debt-to-equity ratio approved by the puct;
▪   sempra energy will ensure that, as of the closing of the merger, oncor's credit rating by all three major rating agencies will be at or above oncor's credit ratings as of june 30, 2017;
▪   if the credit rating on oncor's senior secured debt by any of the three major rating agencies falls below bbb (or the equivalent), oncor will suspend dividends and other distributions (except for contractual tax payments), unless otherwise allowed by the puct;
▪   without the prior approval of the puct, neither sempra energy nor any of its affiliates (excluding oncor) will incur, guarantee or pledge assets in respect of any indebtedness that is dependent on the revenues of oncor in more than a proportionate degree than the other revenues of sempra energy or on the stock of oncor, and there will be no debt at efh or efih at any time following the closing of the merger;
▪   neither oncor nor oncor holdings will lend money to or borrow money from sempra energy or any of its affiliates (other than oncor subsidiaries), or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings, and neither oncor nor oncor holdings will share credit facilities with sempra energy or any of its affiliates (other than oncor subsidiaries), or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings;
▪   oncor will not seek recovery in rates of any expenses or liabilities related to efh's bankruptcy, or (1) any tax liabilities resulting from efh's spinoff of its former subsidiary texas competitive electric holdings company llc, (2) any asbestos claims relating to non-oncor operations of efh or (3) any make-whole claims by holders of debt securities issued by efh or efih, and sempra energy must file with the puct a plan providing for the extinguishment of the liabilities described in items (1) through (3) above, which protects oncor from any harm;
▪   there must be maintained certain "separateness measures" that reinforce the financial separation of oncor from efh and efh's owners, including a requirement that dealings between oncor, oncor holdings and their subsidiaries and sempra energy, any of sempra energy's other affiliates or any entity with a direct or indirect ownership interest in oncor or oncor holdings, must be on an arm's-length basis, limitations on affiliate transactions, separate recordkeeping requirements and a prohibition on pledging oncor assets or stock for any entity other than oncor;
▪   no transaction costs or transition costs related to the merger (excluding oncor employee time) will be borne by oncor's customers nor included in oncor's rates;
▪   oncor will provide bill credits to customers in an amount equal to 90 percent of any interest rate savings achieved due to any improvement in its credit ratings or market spreads compared to those as of june 30, 2017 until final rates are set in the next oncor base rate case filed after puct docket no. 46957 (except that savings will not be included in credits if already realized in rates); and one year after the merger, oncor will provide bill credits to its customers equal to 90 percent of any synergy savings until final rates are set in the next oncor base rate proceeding after puct docket no. 46957, at which time any total synergy savings shall be reflected in oncor's rates.
as a result of these regulatory commitments, governance mechanisms and restrictions, we will not control oncor holdings or oncor, and we will have limited ability to direct the management, policies and operations of oncor holdings and oncor, including the deployment or disposition of their assets, declarations of dividends, strategic planning and other important corporate issues and actions. we will have limited representation on the oncor holdings and oncor boards of directors, which will be controlled by independent directors. in addition, we will not be allowed to make loans to oncor or oncor holdings. the existence of these ring-fencing measures and other limitations may increase our costs of financing. further, the oncor directors have considerable autonomy and, as described in our commitments, have a duty to act in the best interest of oncor consistent with the approved ring-fence and delaware law, which may be contrary to our best interests or be in opposition to our preferred strategic direction for oncor. to the extent that they take actions that are not in our interests, the financial condition, results of operations and prospects of the combined company may be materially adversely affected.
key personnel at oncor if, despite efforts to retain certain key personnel at oncor, any key personnel depart or fail to continue employment as a result of the merger, the loss of the services of such personnel and their experience and knowledge could adversely affect oncor's results of operations, financial condition and prospects and the successful ongoing operation of its business, which could also have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the combined company.
we discuss the tcja that was signed into law on december 22, 2017 in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and above in "changes in revenues, costs and earnings - income taxes" and "capital resources and liquidity - impacts of the tcja."
sdg&e sdg&e's operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace.
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain major capital projects at sdg&e.
capital projects - sdg&amp;e project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                estimated capital cost (in millions)                                                                                                                                            status cleveland national forest electric line replacement projects
§                                may 2016 cpuc final decision followed approval by the u.s. forest service and granted a permit to construct various electric transmission line replacement projects in and around cnf to promote fire safety, at an estimated total cost of $680 million: $455 million for the various transmission-level facilities and $225 million for associated distribution-level facilities, including distribution circuits and additional undergrounding, as required by the u.s. forest service final environmental impact statement.                          $680                       §                                                                                                                             estimated completion: in phases through 2020
§         in july 2016, the cnf foundation and the protect our communities foundation filed a joint application request for rehearing of the final decision. the cpuc does not have a specific deadline to rule on the request and has not yet acted.
sycamore-peñasquitos transmission project
§                                october 2016 cpuc final decision granted a cpcn to construct a 230-kv transmission project to provide 16.7-mile connection between sycamore canyon and peñasquitos substations to ensure grid reliability and access to renewable energy, at an estimated cost not to exceed $260 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $260                       §                                                                                                                             estimated completion: 2018
south orange county reliability enhancement
§                                december 2016 cpuc final decision granted a cpcn to replace/upgrade existing 230-kv electric transmission lines and substation infrastructure to enhance the capacity and reliability of electric service to the south orange county area, at an estimated cost not to exceed $381 million.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              $381                       §                                                                                                                             construction began in the fourth quarter of 2017.
§         in june 2017, the city of san juan capistrano filed a complaint to challenge the cpuc's approval of the project in the u.s. district court for the central district of california. the federal district court dismissed the complaint in october 2017.
§                                                                                                                             in october 2017, a cpuc order denied rehearing requests filed by the city of san juan capistrano and a local opposition group.
§                                                                                                                             in november 2017, the city of san juan capistrano appealed the federal district court's dismissal to the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit.
§                                                                                                                             in february 2018, the city of san juan capistrano filed with the ninth circuit to stay the cpuc's authorization to construct the project pending review of the appeal by the court.
§                                january 2016 cpuc final decision authorizes a 3-year, $45 million program providing up to 3,500 ev charging units.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        $45                       §                                                                                                                             estimated completion: 2020
§                                january 2017 application, pursuant to sb 350, to perform various activities and make investments in support of residential ev charging with an estimated implementation cost of $51 million of o&amp;m.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  $322                       §                                                                                                                             application amended in the fourth quarter of 2017 and is pending.
§         received approval of $20 million for six priority projects in january 2018. draft decision expected in the first half of 2018 for remaining $302 million.
§                                january 2018 application, pursuant to sb 350, to make investments to support medium-duty and high-duty evs with an estimated implementation cost of $7 million of o&amp;m.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               $226                       §                                                                                                                             application pending: draft decision expected in first quarter of 2019.
capital projects - sdg&amp;e (continued)
project description                                                                                                                                                                             estimated capital cost (in millions)                  status energy storage projects
§                              2016 expedited application to own and operate two energy storage projects totaling 37.5 mw to enhance electric reliability in the san diego service territory.   not disclosed                                     §   completed in first quarter of 2017.
§                              april 2017 application to procure up to 70 mw of utility-owned energy storage to provide local capacity.                                                         not disclosed                                     §   application pending; draft decision expected in first half of 2018.
utility billing and customer information systems software
§                              april 2017 application to replace the software, with an estimated implementation cost of $76 million of o&amp;m.                                                           $222                                    §   application pending; joint party settlement filed january 2018; draft decision expected in first half of 2018.
sunrise powerlink project cost cap in august 2015, sdg&e filed a petition with the cpuc requesting that it revise and confirm the project cost cap for the sunrise powerlink, a 500-kv electric transmission line between the imperial valley and the san diego region that was energized and placed in service in june 2012. while post-energization construction activities for the project were completed in 2013, certain matters relating to outstanding claims were not resolved until the first quarter of 2015. the filing requested cpuc approval of the final expenditure report for the project and the proposed revisions to the total project cost cap. as evidenced in the final report, actual expenditures for the project totaled $1.9 billion (in 2012 dollars, on a net present value basis), which exceeds the total project cost cap approved by the cpuc in 2008 by $4.4 million.
in june 2017, the cpuc dismissed sdg&e's petition as moot since the sunrise powerlink transmission project has been fully constructed and found that, although the cpuc may establish a cost cap for electric transmission projects, the recovery of the associated costs is under ferc jurisdiction. the decision also found that sdg&e complied with the cpuc's quarterly reporting requirements, resolving the issue of whether the adequacy of such reporting should be further investigated.
ab 327 became law on january 1, 2014 and restores the authority to establish electric residential rates for electric utility companies in california to the cpuc and removes the rate caps established in ab 1x adopted in early 2001 during california's energy crisis and in sb 695 adopted in 2009. additionally, the bill provides the cpuc the authority to adopt a monthly fixed charge for all residential customers. in july 2015, the cpuc adopted a decision that established comprehensive reform and a framework for rates that are more transparent, fair and sustainable. the decision directed changes beginning in the summer of 2015 and provides a path for continued reforms through 2020. the changes also included fewer rate tiers and a gradual reduction in the difference between the tiered rates, similar to the tier differential that existed prior to the 2000-2001 energy crisis. for sdg&e, the number of tiers was reduced from four to three in 2015 and was reduced to two on july 1, 2016. the rate differential between the highest and lowest tiers was reduced in 2016, with further reductions intended to reach a differential of 1.25 times as early as 2019. the decision also directs the utilities to pursue expanded tou rates and implemented a high usage surcharge in 2017 for usage that exceeds average customer usage by approximately 400 percent. the decision allows the utilities to seek a fixed charge for residential customers, but sets certain conditions for its implementation, which would be no sooner than 2020. in january 2017, the cpuc also approved a tou rulemaking that provides a framework and guiding principles for designing, implementing, and modifying the time periods in tou rates for residential customers. in december 2017, sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting approval to implement residential default tou rates effective january 1, 2019, and a new residential fixed charge and a higher minimum bill effective january 1, 2020. these changes, if and when fully implemented, should result in significant rate relief for higher-use sdg&e customers who do not exceed the high usage surcharge threshold and should result in a rate structure that better aligns rates with the actual cost to serve customers.
in july 2014, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop a successor tariff to the state's existing nem program pursuant to the provisions of ab 327. the nem program was originally established in 1995 and is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation. under nem, qualifying customer-generators receive a full retail-rate for the energy they generate that is fed back to the utility's power grid. this occurs during times when the customer's generation exceeds its own energy usage. in addition, if a nem customer generates any electricity over the annual
measurement period that exceeds its annual consumption, the customer receives compensation at a rate equal to a wholesale energy price.
in january 2016, the cpuc adopted modest changes to the nem program to require nem customers to pay some costs that would otherwise be borne by non-nem customers and moves new nem customers to tou rates. together with a reduction in tiered rate differentials and the potential implementation of a fixed charge discussed above, the nem successor tariff begins a process of reducing the cost burden on non-nem customers. in 2016, sdg&e implemented the cpuc-adopted successor nem tariff, after reaching the 617-mw cap established for the prior nem program.
appropriate nem reform is necessary to help ensure that sdg&e is authorized to recover, from nem customers, the costs incurred in providing grid and energy services, as well as mandated legislative and regulatory public policy programs. sdg&e believes this design would be preferable to recovering these costs from customers not participating in nem. if nem self-generating installations were to increase substantially through 2019 when more significant reforms are to take effect, the rate structure adopted by the cpuc could have a material effect on sdg&e's business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors."
ab 2868, signed into law in september 2016, requires the cpuc to direct electrical corporations, including sdg&e, to file applications for programs and investments to accelerate the widespread deployment of distributed energy storage systems. ab 2868 sets a cap of 500 mw statewide, divided equally among the state's three largest electrical corporations (sdg&e's share being 166 mw); requires that no more than 25 percent of the capacity of distributed energy storage systems be on the customer side of the utility meter; and requires the cpuc to prioritize these programs and investments for the public sector and low-income customers.
potential impacts of community choice aggregation and direct access sdg&e provides electric services, including the commodity of electricity, to the majority of its customers ("bundled customers"). sdg&e enters into long-term contracts to procure electricity on behalf of these bundled customers. sdg&e's earnings are "decoupled" from electric sales volumes. one aspect of decoupling is that commodity costs for electricity are directly passed through to bundled customers (see discussion in "revenues - california utilities" in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). sdg&e's bundled customers have the option to purchase the commodity of electricity from alternate suppliers under defined programs, including cca and da. in such cases, california law (sb 350) prohibits remaining bundled customers from experiencing any cost increase as a result of departing customers' choice to receive electric commodity from an alternate supplier. under the existing cost allocation mechanism approved by the cpuc, customers opting to have a cca procure their electricity must absorb a portion of above-market cost of electricity procurement commitments already made by sdg&e on their behalf. the existing cost allocation rate mechanisms may not be sufficient to ensure that remaining bundled customers do not experience any cost increase as a result of departing customers. sdg&e, pg&e and edison filed a joint application with the cpuc in april 2017 to replace the existing cost allocation mechanisms to help ensure compliance with state law intended to protect bundled customers. in june 2017, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to address the existing cost allocation mechanism and dismissed the joint application without prejudice, directing that the proposal be addressed in the rulemaking proceeding. we expect a decision on a revised cost allocation mechanism in 2018, with implementation in 2019.
currently, da in sdg&e's service area is limited by state law and is approximately 17 percent of sdg&e's annual demand. there are no large cca providers in sdg&e's service area. however, several local political jurisdictions, including the city of san diego and a few other municipalities, are considering the formation of a cca which, if implemented, could result in the departure of more than half of sdg&e's bundled load. for example, solana beach (representing less than 1 percent of sdg&e's customer accounts) has elected to begin cca service in 2018. if an effective cost allocation mechanism is not in place at the time of potentially significant reductions in sdg&e's served load, remaining bundled customers of sdg&e could bear a disproportionate share of above-market costs of long-term electricity procurement contracts entered into before the load departed. thus, bundled customers could potentially experience large increases in rates for commodity costs under long-term commitments made on behalf of the cca customers prior to their departure. if legislative, regulatory or legal action were taken to prevent the timely recovery of these procurement costs, the unrecovered costs could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
renewable energy procurement sdg&e is subject to the rps program administered by both the cpuc and the cec, which requires each california utility to procure 50 percent of its annual electric energy requirements from renewable energy sources by 2030.
the rps program currently contains flexible compliance mechanisms that can be used to comply with or meet the rps program mandates. the mechanisms provide for a cpuc waiver under certain conditions, including: 1) a finding of inadequate transmission; 2) delays in the start-up of commercial operations of renewable energy projects due to permitting or interconnection; or 3) unexpected curtailment by an electric system balancing authority, such as the caiso.
sdg&e has procured renewable energy supplies from certain suppliers whose assets are not yet online. some of these assets remain contingent on electric transmission infrastructure, regulatory approval, project permitting and financing, and the implementation of new technologies.
sdg&e believes it will continue to comply with the rps program requirements based on its contracting activity and, if necessary, application of the flexible compliance mechanisms. sdg&e's failure to comply with the rps program requirements could subject it to cpuc-imposed penalties, which could materially adversely affect its business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. the cpuc has neither audited our rps program compliance nor provided us with clearance for any compliance periods.
sb 350 creates new requirements in the areas of renewable energy procurement, energy efficiency, resource planning, and ev infrastructure. the measure requires all load serving entities, including sdg&e, to file integrated resource plans that will ultimately enable the electric sector to achieve reductions in ghg emissions of 40 percent compared to 1990 levels by 2030. sb 350 also clearly specifies that the utilities will file applications with the cpuc that highlight how they can help with the development and expansion of the electric charging infrastructure necessary to support the growth of the ev market expected due to the state's alternative fuel vehicle policy initiative. we expect to meet the higher rps and ghg emissions reductions requirements and are supportive of greater infrastructure development to promote ev charging.
songs sdg&e has a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, formerly a 2,150-mw nuclear generating facility near san clemente, california, that is in the process of being decommissioned by edison, the majority owner of songs. in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors," we discuss regulatory and other matters related to songs, including:
▪   the revised settlement agreement, which is subject to cpuc approval, that provides a different cost allocation among ratepayers and shareholders associated with the premature shutdown of songs units 2 and 3 than the 2014 agreement;
▪   matters concerning the ability to timely withdraw funds from trust accounts for the payment of decommissioning costs; and
▪   the arbitration decision finding mhi liable for breach of contract in connection with the replacement steam generators at the songs nuclear power plant, subject to a contractual limitation of liability, and awarding mhi 95 percent of its arbitration costs as mhi was found to be the prevailing party.
wildfire claims cost recovery in september 2015, sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting rate recovery of an estimated $379 million in costs related to the october 2007 wildfires that had been recorded as a wildfire regulatory asset, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in response to our application seeking recovery, the cpuc issued a final decision on december 6, 2017, upholding the proposed decision denying sdg&e's request to recover the 2007 wildfire costs submitted in our application. accordingly, sdg&e wrote off the wildfire regulatory asset, resulting in a charge of $351 million ($208 million after-tax) in the third quarter of 2017, in write-off of wildfire regulatory asset on the consolidated statements of operations for sempra energy and sdg&e. sdg&e will continue to vigorously pursue recovery of these costs, which were incurred through settling claims brought under inverse condemnation principles, after the trial court denied sdg&e's motion to dismiss the plaintiffs' inverse condemnation claims and the appellate courts declined to review the trial court's ruling. sdg&e applied to the cpuc for rehearing of its decision on january 2, 2018. the cpuc may grant a rehearing, modify its decision, or deny the request and affirm its original decision. we will appeal the decision with the california courts of appeal seeking to reverse the cpuc's decision, if necessary.
with respect to the 2007 wildfires, based on the trial court's ruling that inverse condemnation claims would apply, we were subject to a strict liability standard. however, at this point, we have been denied recovery by the cpuc of our non-ferc related costs. insurance coverage for wildfires has significantly increased in cost and may become prohibitively expensive, may be disputed by the insurers, or may become unavailable, and any insurance proceeds we receive for wildfire events may be insufficient to cover our losses or liabilities due to the inability to procure a sufficient amount of insurance and/or the existence of limitations, exclusions, high deductibles, failure to comply with procedural requirements, and other factors, which could
materially adversely affect sdg&e's and sempra energy's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
socalgas socalgas' operations have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity. its performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, economic conditions, actions by the california legislature and the changing energy marketplace. socalgas' performance will also depend on the resolution of the legal, regulatory and other matters concerning the leak at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, which we discuss below, in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "item 1a. risk factors."
in addition to general recurring improvements to its transmission and storage systems, over the next several years, socalgas expects to make significant capital expenditures for pipeline safety projects pursuant to the psep. we discuss these capital projects in "california utilities - joint matters" below.
aliso canyon natural gas storage facility gas leak in october 2015, socalgas discovered a leak at one of its injection-and-withdrawal wells, ss25, at its aliso canyon natural gas storage facility (the leak) located in los angeles county, which socalgas has operated as a natural gas storage facility since 1972. socalgas worked closely with several of the world's leading experts to stop the leak. in february 2016, doggr confirmed that the well was permanently sealed.
local community mitigation efforts pursuant to a stipulation and order by the la superior court, socalgas provided temporary relocation support to residents in the nearby community who requested it before the well was permanently sealed. following the permanent sealing of the well, the dph conducted testing in certain homes in the porter ranch community, and concluded that indoor conditions did not present a long-term health risk and that it was safe for residents to return home. in may 2016, the la superior court ordered socalgas to offer to clean residents' homes at socalgas' expense as a condition to ending the relocation program. socalgas completed the residential cleaning program and the relocation program ended in july 2016.
in may 2016, the dph also issued a directive that socalgas additionally professionally clean (in accordance with the proposed protocol prepared by the dph) the homes of all residents located within the porter ranch neighborhood council boundary, or who participated in the relocation program, or who are located within a five-mile radius of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and experienced symptoms from the leak (the directive). socalgas disputes the directive, contending that it is invalid and unenforceable, and has filed a petition for writ of mandate to set aside the directive.
the costs incurred to remediate and stop the leak and to mitigate local community impacts have been significant and may increase, and we may be subject to potentially significant damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs. to the extent any of these costs are not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
insurance excluding directors' and officers' liability insurance, we have four kinds of insurance policies that together provide between $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in insurance coverage, depending on the nature of the claims. these policies are subject to various policy limits, exclusions and conditions. we have been communicating with our insurance carriers and intend to pursue the full extent of our insurance coverage. through december 31, 2017, we have received $469 million of insurance proceeds for portions of control-of-well expenses, lost gas and temporary relocation costs. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining additional insurance recovery for costs related to the leak under the applicable policies, and to the extent we are not successful in obtaining coverage or these costs exceed the amount of our coverage, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
at december 31, 2017, socalgas estimates that its costs related to the leak are $913 million, which includes $887 million of costs recovered or probable of recovery from insurance. this estimate may rise significantly as more information becomes available. in addition, costs not included in the cost estimate of $913 million could be material. the actions against us seek compensatory and punitive damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, which except for the amounts paid or estimated to settle certain actions, are not included in the $913 million cost estimate as it is not
possible at this time to predict the outcome of these actions or reasonably estimate the amount of damages, restitution or civil, administrative or criminal fines, penalties or other costs. the recorded amounts above also do not include costs to clean additional homes pursuant to the directive, future legal costs to defend litigation, and other potential costs that we currently do not anticipate incurring or that we cannot reasonably estimate. furthermore, our cost estimate of $913 million does not include certain other costs expensed by sempra energy through december 31, 2017 associated with defending shareholder derivative lawsuits (for which we would seek recovery under our directors' and officers' liability insurance policies). to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide further detail regarding costs related to the leak.
litigation in connection with the leak, as of february 22, 2018, 373 lawsuits, including over 45,000 plaintiffs, are pending against socalgas, some of which have also named sempra energy. derivative and securities claims have also been filed on behalf of sempra energy and/or socalgas or their shareholders against certain officers and directors of sempra energy and/or socalgas. in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we provide further detail on these cases, as well as on complaints filed by the california attorney general, acting in an independent capacity and on behalf of the people of the state of california and the carb, together with the los angeles city attorney; and a complaint filed by the county of los angeles, on behalf of itself and the people of the state of california; and on a misdemeanor criminal complaint filed by the los angeles county district attorney's office. additional litigation may be filed against us in the future related to the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility incident or our responses thereto.
the costs of defending against these civil and criminal lawsuits, cooperating with these investigations, and any damages, restitution, and civil, administrative and criminal fines, penalties and other costs, if awarded or imposed, as well as the costs of mitigating the actual natural gas released, could be significant and to the extent not covered by insurance (including any costs in excess of applicable policy limits), or if there were to be significant delays in receiving insurance recoveries, such costs could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
▪   in january 2016, the governor of the state of california issued an order (the governor's order) proclaiming a state of emergency in los angeles county due to the leak. the governor's order imposes various orders with respect to: stopping the leak; protecting public health and safety; ensuring accountability; and strengthening oversight. we provide further detail regarding the governor's order and the carb's aliso canyon methane leak climate impacts mitigation program, issued pursuant to the governor's order, in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
▪   in february 2017, the cpuc opened a proceeding pursuant to sb 380 to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region, as we discuss below in "regulatory proceedings" and "sb 380."
regulatory proceedings in february 2017, the cpuc opened a proceeding pursuant to sb 380 to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region. the cpuc indicated it intends to conduct the proceeding in two phases, with phase 1 undertaking a comprehensive effort to develop the appropriate analyses and scenarios to evaluate the impact of reducing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and phase 2 evaluating the impacts of reducing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility using the scenarios and models adopted in phase 1. in accordance with the phase 1 schedule, public participation hearings began in april 2017, and workshops and additional public participation hearings are expected to occur.
section 455.5 of the california public utilities code, among other things, directs regulated utilities to notify the cpuc if all or any portion of a major facility has been out of service for nine consecutive months. although socalgas does not believe the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility or any portion of the facility was out of service for nine consecutive months, socalgas provided notification out of an abundance of caution to demonstrate its commitment to regulatory compliance and transparency, and because obtaining authorization to resume injection operations at the facility required more time than initially contemplated. in response, and as required by section 455.5, the cpuc issued an oii to address whether the aliso canyon natural gas storage
facility or any portion of the facility was out of service for nine consecutive months within the meaning of section 455.5, and if so, whether the cpuc should disallow the costs for such period from socalgas' rates. under section 455.5, hearings on the investigation are to be held, if necessary, in conjunction with socalgas' 2019 grc proceeding. if the cpuc determines that all or any portion of the facility was out of service for nine consecutive months, the amount of any refund to ratepayers and the inability to earn a return on those assets could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
in march 2016, the cpuc ordered socalgas to establish a memorandum account to prospectively track its authorized revenue requirement and all revenues that it receives for its normal, business-as-usual costs to own and operate the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and, in september 2016, approved socalgas' request to begin tracking these revenues as of march 17, 2016. the cpuc will determine later whether, and to what extent, the authorized revenues tracked in the memorandum account may be refunded to ratepayers.
natural gas storage operations and reliability natural gas withdrawn from storage is important for service reliability during peak demand periods, including peak electric generation needs in the summer and heating needs in the winter. the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, with a storage capacity of 86 bcf (which represents 63 percent of socalgas' natural gas storage inventory capacity), is the largest socalgas storage facility and an important element of socalgas' delivery system. beginning october 25, 2015, pursuant to orders by doggr and the governor of the state of california, and in accordance with sb 380, socalgas suspended injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility. in april and june of 2017, socalgas advised the caiso, cec, cpuc and phmsa of its concerns that the inability to inject natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility posed a risk to energy reliability in southern california. limited withdrawals of natural gas from the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were made in 2017 to augment natural gas supplies during critical demand periods.
on july 19, 2017, doggr issued its order to: test and take temporary actions upon resuming injection: aliso canyon gas storage facility, lifting the prohibition on injection at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, subject to certain requirements after injection resumed, including limitations on the rate at which socalgas may withdraw natural gas from the field. the cpuc additionally issued a directive to socalgas to maintain a range of working gas in the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility at a target of 23.6 bcf (approximately 28 percent of its maximum capacity), and at all times above 14.8 bcf, later amended to require the range be maintained from zero bcf to 24.6 bcf of working gas. in july 2017, the county of los angeles sought a temporary restraining order to block doggr's order; the superior court ruled that it lacks jurisdiction to rule on the county's application. we provide further detail regarding doggr's order and the county of los angeles' petition in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. having completed the steps outlined by state agencies to safely begin injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, as of july 31, 2017, socalgas resumed limited injections.
if the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility were determined to have been out of service for any meaningful period of time or permanently closed, or if future cash flows were otherwise insufficient to recover its carrying value, it could result in an impairment of the facility and significantly higher than expected operating costs and/or additional capital expenditures, and natural gas reliability and electric generation could be jeopardized. at december 31, 2017, the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility has a net book value of $644 million, including $252 million of construction work in progress for the project to construct a new compressor station. any significant impairment of this asset could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's results of operations for the period in which it is recorded. higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas may not be recoverable in customer rates, and could have a material adverse effect on socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
increased regulation phmsa, doggr, scaqmd, epa and carb each commenced separate rulemaking proceedings to adopt further regulations covering natural gas storage facilities and injection wells. doggr issued new draft regulations for all storage fields in california, and in 2016, the california legislature enacted four separate bills providing for additional regulation of natural gas storage facilities. additional hearings in the california legislature, as well as with various other federal and state regulatory agencies, may be scheduled, and additional laws, orders, rules and regulations may be adopted. the los angeles county board of supervisors has formed a task force to review and potentially implement new, more stringent land use (zoning) requirements and associated regulations and enforcement protocols for oil and gas activities, including natural gas storage field operations, which could materially affect new or modified uses of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and other natural gas storage fields located in los angeles county.
▪   requires phmsa to issue, within two years of passage, "minimum safety standards for underground natural gas storage facilities;"
▪   imposes a "user fee" on underground storage facilities as needed to implement the safety standards;
▪   grants phmsa authority to issue emergency orders and impose emergency restrictions, prohibitions and safety measures on owners and operators of gas or hazardous liquid pipeline facilities without prior notice or an opportunity for hearing, if the u.s. secretary of energy determines that an unsafe condition or practice, or a combination of unsafe conditions and practices, constitutes or is causing an imminent hazard; and
in december 2016, phmsa published an interim final rule pursuant to the pipes act of 2016 that revises the federal pipeline safety regulations relating to underground natural gas storage facilities. the interim final rule incorporates consensus safety measures for the construction, maintenance, risk-management, and integrity-management procedures for natural gas storage. socalgas began the process of implementing such safety measures prior to formal adoption by phmsa and is developing the associated documents and procedures required to demonstrate compliance with the standards.
in may 2016, sb 380 became law and required, as conditions for the resumption of natural gas injections into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, a comprehensive review of the safety of the gas storage wells at the facility, and reconfiguration of all gas storage wells returning to service such that natural gas flows only through the interior metal tubing and not through the annulus between the tubing and the well casing. both conditions were completed in july 2017. sb 380 further requires a cpuc proceeding (which was opened in february 2017) to determine the feasibility of minimizing or eliminating the use of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, while still maintaining energy and electric reliability for the region, and the cpuc to consult with various governmental agencies and other entities in making its determination. the order establishing the scope of the proceeding expressly excludes issues with respect to air quality, public health, causation, culpability or cost responsibility regarding the leak.
in july 2017, doggr issued an order lifting the prohibition of the injection of natural gas into the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and the cpuc's executive director issued his concurrence with that determination, subject to certain conditions. the county of los angeles filed a petition for writ of mandate against doggr and its state oil and gas supervisor and the cpuc and its executive director, as to which socalgas is the real party in interest, alleging that doggr failed to properly conduct the comprehensive safety review required by sb 380 and failed to perform an eir pursuant to ceqa. the petition seeks a writ of mandate requiring doggr and the state oil and gas supervisor to comply with sb 380 and ceqa, as well as declaratory and injunctive relief against any authorization to inject natural gas.
socalgas completed the steps outlined by state agencies to safely begin injections at the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility and, as of july 31, 2017, resumed limited injections. we provide further detail regarding doggr's order and the petition filed by the county of los angeles above under the heading "natural gas storage operations and reliability" and in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in september 2016, sb 888 became law, which requires that a penalty assessed against a gas corporation by the cpuc with regard to a natural gas storage facility leak must at least equal the amount necessary to fully offset the impact on the climate from the ghgs emitted by the leak, as determined by the carb. the cpuc also must consider the extent to which the gas corporation has mitigated or is in the process of mitigating the impact on the climate from ghg emissions resulting from the leak.
additional safety enhancements in february 2017, socalgas notified the cpuc that it is accelerating its well integrity assessments on the natural gas storage wells at its la goleta, honor rancho and playa del rey natural gas storage fields consistent with the testing prescribed by sb 380 for the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility, proposed new doggr regulations, and socalgas' storage risk management plan. in addition, socalgas indicated its plan to reconfigure its operating natural gas storage wells such that natural gas will be injected or produced only through the interior metal tubing and not through the annulus between the tubing and the well casing to maintain a double barrier and additional layer of safety, which is consistent with the direction of federal and state regulations. socalgas anticipates that this work will reduce the injection and withdrawal capacity of each of these other storage fields.
depending on the volume of natural gas in storage in each field at the time natural gas is injected or withdrawn, the reduction could be significant and could impact natural gas reliability and electric generation. in march 2017, socalgas revised its plan, as directed by the cpuc, for converting all wells to tubing-only operation to maintain a prescribed withdrawal capacity through the summer. on december 1, 2017, socalgas sent a letter to the cpuc and doggr informing them that it is proceeding with its planned acceleration of well integrity assessments on the natural gas storage wells at its la goleta, honor rancho and playa del rey natural gas storage fields. as such, socalgas now only operates storage wells in the tubing-only operational configuration at all of its storage fields.
higher operating costs and additional capital expenditures incurred by socalgas as a result of new laws, orders, rules and regulations arising out of the aliso canyon natural gas storage facility incident or our responses thereto could be significant and may not be recoverable in customer rates, and socalgas' and sempra energy's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any such new laws, orders, rules and regulations.
socalgas billing practices in may 2017, the cpuc issued an oii to determine whether socalgas violated any provisions of the california public utilities code, general orders, cpuc decisions, or other requirements pertaining to billing practices from 2014 through 2016. in particular, the cpuc is examining the timeliness of monthly bills, extending the billing period for customers, and issuing estimated bills. under the oii, the cpuc will also examine socalgas' gas tariff rules and consider whether to impose penalties or other remedies. we expect a decision on the oii in 2018.
california utilities - joint matters we refer to sdg&e and socalgas collectively as the california utilities, which do not include the utilities in our other segments.
capital project updates we summarize below information regarding certain joint capital projects of the california utilities.
joint capital projects - california utilities project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    estimated capital cost(in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               status pipeline safety &amp; reliability project
§                      september 2015 application and march 2016 amended application seeking authority to recover the estimated $633 million cost of the project, involving construction of an approximately 47-mile, 36-inch natural gas transmission pipeline in san diego county.             $633                                                                                                                                                       §                                                                                                                            procedural schedule set for two phases to address (1) long-term need and planning assumptions, and (2) costs, alternatives and environmental impacts. we expect a phase 1 draft decision in the first half of 2018, a draft eir by august 2018, and phase 2 to follow the draft eir.
§                      would implement pipeline safety requirements and modernize system; improve system reliability and resiliency by minimizing dependence on a single pipeline; and enhance operational flexibility to manage stress conditions by increasing system capacity.
§                      march 2017 application filed with the cpuc to recover forecasted costs associated with twelve phase 1b and phase 2a pipeline safety projects.                                                                                                                             $198                                                                                                                                                       §                                                                                                                            application pending; draft decision expected in second half of 2018.
mobile home park utility upgrade program
§                      may 2017 application filed with the cpuc to convert an additional 20 percent of eligible units to direct utility service, for a total of 30 percent of mobile homes.                                                                                                      $471                                                                                                                                                       §                                                                                                                            application pending to                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            §         september 2017 resolution approved extension of pilot program through the earlier of 2019 or the issuance of a cpuc decision on pending applications, while also allowing an increase from 10 percent to 15 percent of mobile homes to be converted.
cpuc general rate case the cpuc uses a grc proceeding to set sufficient rates to allow the california utilities to recover their reasonable cost of o&m and to provide the opportunity to realize their authorized rates of return on their investment.
2019 general rate case on october 6, 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed their 2019 grc applications requesting cpuc approval of test year revenue requirements for 2019 and attrition year adjustments for 2020 through 2022. as part of the 2019 grc, the cpuc will review the california utilities' interim accountability reports which compare the authorized and actual spending for certain safety-related activities for 2014 through 2016. in june 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed their first interim accountability reports comparing authorized and actual spending in 2014 and 2015 for certain safety-related activities. similar data for 2016 was provided with the 2019 grc filings in a second interim accountability report. the stated purpose of the interim accountability reports is to provide data and metrics for key safety and risk mitigation areas that will be considered in the 2019 grc. the results of the rate case may materially and adversely differ from what is contained in the grc applications.
2016 general rate case in june 2016, the cpuc approved a 2016 grc fd in the california utilities' 2016 grc, which was effective retroactive to january 1, 2016 and established their authorized 2016 revenue requirements and the ratemaking mechanisms by which those requirements would change on an annual basis over the applicable three-year (2016-2018) period. the adopted revenue requirements associated with the seven-month period through july 2016 were recovered in rates over a 17-month period, beginning in august 2016.
the 2016 grc fd also resulted in certain accounting and financial impacts associated with bonus depreciation, flow-through income tax repairs deductions related to prior years, and the treatment of differences between income tax incurred and income tax forecasted in the grc for 2016 through 2018.
cost of capital update in july 2017, the cpuc issued a final decision that provides a two-year extension for each of the utilities to file its next respective cost of capital application, extending the filing date to april 2019 for a 2020 test year. the final decision also reduced the roe for sdg&e from 10.30 percent to 10.20 percent and for socalgas from 10.10 percent to 10.05 percent, for the period from january 1, 2018 through december 31, 2019. sdg&e's and socalgas' ratemaking capital structures will remain at current levels until modified, if at all, by a future cost of capital decision by the cpuc. in september 2017, sdg&e and socalgas filed advice letters to update their cost of capital for the actual cost of long-term debt through august 2017 and forecasted cost through 2018. sdg&e and socalgas did not file for changes to preferred stock costs, because no issuances of preferred stock through 2018 are anticipated.
in october 2017, the cpuc approved the embedded cost of debt presented in the filed advice letters, resulting in a revised return on rate base for sdg&e from 7.79 percent to 7.55 percent and for socalgas from 8.02 percent to 7.34 percent, effective january 1, 2018. the automatic ccm will be in effect to adjust 2019 cost of capital, if necessary. unless changed by the operation of the ccm, the updated costs of long-term debt and the new roes will remain in effect through december 31, 2019. the cost of capital changes will also apply to capital expenditures in 2018 and 2019 for incremental projects not funded through the grc revenue requirement. we provide further detail regarding cost of capital in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
incentive mechanisms we describe cpuc incentive mechanisms in "item 1. business - ratemaking mechanisms - incentive mechanisms." incentive awards are included in revenues when we receive required cpuc approval of the award, the timing of which may not be consistent from year to year. we would record penalties for results below the specified benchmarks against revenues when we believe it is probable that the cpuc would assess a penalty.
in march 2017, the cpuc approved the settlement agreements reached with the ora and turn regarding the incentive awards for program years 2006 through 2008, wherein the parties agreed that sdg&e and socalgas would offset up to a total of approximately $4 million each against future incentive awards over a three-year period beginning in 2017. if the total incentive awards ultimately authorized for 2017 through 2019 are less than approximately $4 million for either utility, the applicable utility is released from paying any remaining unapplied amount.
natural gas procurement the california utilities procure natural gas on behalf of their core natural gas customers. the cpuc has established incentive mechanisms to allow the california utilities the opportunity to share in the savings and/or costs from buying natural gas for their core customers at prices below or above monthly market-based benchmarks. socalgas procures natural gas for sdg&e's core natural gas customers' requirements. socalgas' gcim is applied on the combined portfolio basis.
in january 2018, the cpuc approved socalgas' application for a gcim award of $4 million for natural gas procured for its core customers during the 12-month period ended march 31, 2017.
operational incentives the cpuc may establish operational incentives and associated performance benchmarks as part of a grc or cost of service proceeding. in the 2016 grc fd, the cpuc did not establish any operational incentives for socalgas, but established an electric reliability incentive for sdg&e. outcomes could vary from a maximum annual penalty of $8 million to a maximum annual award of $8 million.
natural gas pipeline operations safety assessments in 2011, the california utilities filed implementation plans with the cpuc to implement the cpuc's directives to test or replace natural gas transmission pipelines that do not have sufficient documentation of a pressure test and to address retrofitting pipelines to allow for in-line inspection tools and, where appropriate, automated or remote controlled shut-off valves (referred to as psep). in 2014, the cpuc issued a final decision approving the utilities' analytical approach to implementing psep, as embodied in an approved decision tree, but did not pre-approve recovery of the costs of implementing psep, because initial cost estimates were too preliminary to form the basis for ratemaking. instead, the cpuc established a process to review the reasonableness of incurred psep costs after-the-fact to determine the amounts that may be recovered from ratepayers. as portions of psep have been completed, actual costs have generally been higher than the preliminary estimates, partially offset by changes in scope that have reduced costs. implementation costs incurred through 2017 are summarized in the table below. over time, as we have completed an increasing number of projects, socalgas and sdg&e achieve greater cost estimate accuracy, as well as efficiencies in executing the project work. cost estimates for work performed in 2017 and forward reflect the development of more detailed estimates, actual cost experience as portions of the work are completed and additional refinement in scope. in addition,
in 2016, the cpuc issued a final decision authorizing socalgas and sdg&e to recover in rates 50 percent of the balances recorded in psep regulatory accounts as of january 1 each year, subject to refund, pending reasonableness review. the decision also incorporates a forward-looking schedule to file reasonableness review applications in 2016 and 2018, file a forecast application for pre-approval of project costs incurred in 2017 and 2018, and to include psep costs not the subject of prior applications in future grcs. we expect this transition from an after-the-fact reasonableness review framework to pre-approval of psep implementation costs based on cost forecasts to improve the certainty of recovery for psep implementation costs.
in september 2016, socalgas and sdg&e filed a joint application with the cpuc for review of psep project costs completed through june 30, 2015. the total costs submitted for review are approximately $195 million ($180 million for socalgas and $15 million for sdg&e). socalgas and sdg&e expect a decision from the cpuc in 2018. although consumer advocacy groups oppose recovery of a portion of the costs submitted for review, we believe these costs were prudently incurred in accordance with cpuc regulatory requirements and should be substantially approved for recovery.
in march 2017, socalgas and sdg&e filed an application with the cpuc requesting pre-approval of the forecasted revenue requirement associated with twelve psep projects, to be effective in rates on january 1, 2019. the california utilities expect to incur total costs for the twelve projects of approximately $255 million ($198 million in capital expenditures and $57 million in o&m). socalgas and sdg&e expect a cpuc decision in the second half of 2018.
as shown in the table below, socalgas and sdg&e have made significant pipeline safety investments under the psep program, and socalgas expects to continue making significant investments as approved through various regulatory proceedings. sdg&e's psep program was substantially completed in 2017, with the exception of the pipeline safety & reliability project that is currently under regulatory review.
capital                              $1,490                                    $8                                   $144                                    $1,338
capital                              $1,144                                    $8                                   $130                                    $1,006
capital                                $346                                    $-                                    $14                                      $332
(3)   reasonableness review application for completed projects totaling $195 million filed in september 2016. also includes approximately $11 million of pre-engineering costs incurred to support projects under development and submitted as part of the forecast application filed in march 2017. both decisions are expected in 2018.
(5)   reasonableness review application to be filed in late 2018 and expected to include the majority of these costs. remaining costs not the subject of prior applications are to be included for review in subsequent grcs.
regulatory compliance and safety enforcement the california utilities are subject to various state and federal regulatory compliance requirements. at the state level, the cpuc has instituted gas and electric safety compliance programs that delegate citation authority to cpuc staff personnel under the direction of the cpuc executive director. in exercising the citation authority, the cpuc staff will take into account voluntary reporting of potential violations, voluntary resolution efforts undertaken, prior history of violations, the gravity of the violation and the degree of culpability. under each enforcement program, each day of an ongoing violation may be counted as an additional offense. the maximum penalty is $50,000 per offense, with an administrative limit of $8 million per citation.
in october 2016, the cpuc's cped issued a citation to socalgas for alleged violations of certain environmental mitigation measures related to the aliso canyon turbine replacement project, and imposed a fine in the amount of $699,500. socalgas subsequently appealed the citation and the resulting fine. in march 2017, socalgas and the cped filed a joint settlement agreement with the cpuc to resolve all matters related to the october 2016 citation. as a part of the settlement agreement, socalgas agreed to pay $250,000 to the state's general fund and to retain an independent firm to conduct compliance training seminars for the benefit of socalgas and cpuc personnel at a cost not to exceed $25,000. the parties agreed that the settlement agreement did not constitute an admission by socalgas or denial by cped with respect to any issue of fact or law, or of any violation or liability by any party. in may 2017, the cpuc issued a decision approving the settlement as filed.
sempra south american utilities our utilities in south america have historically provided relatively stable earnings and liquidity, and their future performance will depend primarily on the ratemaking and regulatory process, environmental regulations, foreign currency rate fluctuations and economic conditions. they are also expected to provide earnings from construction projects when completed and from other investments, but will require substantial funding for these investments.
capital project updates we summarize below the completion of a transmission line project in 2017 at a sempra south american utilities joint venture.
capital project completed in 2017 - sempra south american utilities project description chilquinta energía - eletrans s.a.
■                   50-percent equity interest in joint venture.
we summarize below information regarding major projects in process at sempra south american utilities. chilquinta energía's projects will be financed by the joint venture partners during construction, and other financing may be pursued upon project completion. luz del sur intends to finance its projects through its existing debt program in peru's capital markets.
capital projects under construction at december 31, 2017 - sempra south american utilities project description                                                                                                                                 our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                         status chilquinta energía - eletrans ii s.a.
§                     50-percent equity interest in joint venture.
§                     50-percent equity interest in joint venture.
§                     once in operation, the capitalized cost of the projects will earn a regulated return for 30 years.                                                                                        §           completed two substations and related transmission lines in 2017.
regulated rates the cne in chile and the osinergmin in peru set rates for our electric distribution utilities in south america, chilquinta energía and luz del sur, respectively.
luz del sur - potential impact from tolling customers luz del sur is an electric distribution utility that provides electric services, including the supply of electricity, to regulated and non-regulated customers. non-regulated customers consist of free and tolling customers. luz del sur supplies electricity to its customers from power purchased from generators under long-term, take-or-pay ppas. a free customer has the option of purchasing electricity directly from luz del sur, while paying fees to luz del sur for generation, transmission (primary and secondary) and distribution services, or choosing to become a tolling customer. a tolling customer purchases electricity from alternative suppliers and pays only a tolling fee to luz del sur for secondary transmission and distribution. to the extent customers choose to become tolling customers, luz del sur may be exposed to stranded costs related to capacity charges under its long-term, take-or-pay ppas. we discuss luz del sur's customers and demand in "item 1. business."
sempra mexico capital projects updates the table below summarizes certain projects that were completed in 2017 at sempra mexico.
capital projects completed 2017 - sempra mexico project description sonora pipeline
§           capacity is fully contracted by the cfe under two 25-year contracts denominated in u.s. dollars.
§           natural gas transportation services agreement with the cfe for a 25-year term, denominated in u.s. dollars, for 100 percent of the transport capacity, equal to 1.4 bcf per day.
§           natural gas transportation services agreement with the cfe for a 25-year term, denominated in u.s. dollars, for 100 percent of the transport capacity, equal to 1.1 bcf per day.
capital projects at december 31, 2017 - sempra mexico project description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  our share ofestimated capital cost(in millions)                     status sur de texas-tuxpan marine pipeline
§                                   sempra mexico has a 40-percent interest in img, a joint venture with transcanada, which owns the remaining 60-percent interest.
§                                   awarded 41-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in baja california, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control (centro nacional de control de energía) in september 2016.                                                                                                      $50                           §       estimated completion: first half of 2019
§                                   awarded 100-mw photovoltaic solar energy project located in aguascalientes, mexico, in an auction conducted by mexico's national center of electricity control in september 2016.                                                                                                                                              $90                           §       estimated completion: first half of 2019
§                                   contracted by the cfe under 15-year renewable energy and capacity agreements and a 20-year clean energy certificate agreement, denominated in u.s. dollars.
§                                   developing and constructing in collaboration with trina solar, which owns a 10-percent interest in the project. ienova has the option to purchase, and trina solar has the option to sell, trina solar's ownership interest at the end of the construction period, before operations commence.
§                                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa in march 2017 to provide renewable energy, clean energy certificates and capacity.
liquid fuels terminals at port of veracruz, puebla and mexico city
§                                   capacity of 1.4 million barrels of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel to supply the central region of mexico.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     §       expected completion of marine terminal: end of 2018
§                                   ienova will also build and operate two storage terminals located near puebla and mexico city with storage capacities of 500,000 and 800,000 barrels, respectively.                                                                                                                                                            $120                           §       expected completion of two inland storage terminals: first half of 2019
§                                   entered into three, long-term, u.s. dollar-denominated terminal services agreements in july 2017 with valero energy for the full capacity of the marine terminal and the two inland storage terminals.
§                                   108-mw wind power generation facility, located in la rumorosa,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                $150                           §       expected completion: fourth quarter of 2020
§                                   entered into a 20-year, u.s. dollar-denominated ppa with sdg&amp;e in november 2017.
energía costa azul lng terminal in may 2015, sempra lng & midstream, ienova, and a subsidiary of pemex entered into a project development agreement for the joint development of the proposed natural gas liquefaction project at ienova's existing regasification terminal at eca. the agreement specifies how the parties share costs, and establishes a framework for the parties to work jointly on permitting, design, engineering and commercial activities associated with exploring the development of the liquefaction project. pemex's cost-sharing obligations under the agreement ended on december 31, 2017. eca has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100 percent of the regasification facility's capacity through 2028, making the decision to pursue a new liquefaction facility dependent in part on whether the investment in a new liquefaction facility would, over the long term, be more beneficial financially than continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
eca has obtained the primary mexican governmental authorizations for the proposed natural gas liquefaction project, including the environmental impact assessment from the national agency for safety, energy and environment of mexico, the social impact assessment from the mexican secretary of energy (secretaría de energía) and the liquefaction and power self-generation permits from the cre.
the development of this project is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the receipt of a number of permits and regulatory approvals; finding suitable partners and customers; obtaining financing; negotiating and completing suitable commercial agreements, including joint venture agreements, lng sales agreements, gas supply agreements and construction contracts; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with this potential investment. for a discussion of these risks, see "item 1a. risk factors."
ienova pipelines and den on september 26, 2016, ienova completed the acquisition of pemex's 50-percent interest in gdc (now known as ienova pipelines), increasing ienova's ownership interest in ienova pipelines to 100 percent, at which point ienova pipelines became a consolidated subsidiary of ienova.
on november 15, 2017, ienova completed the acquisition of pemex's 50-percent interest in den, increasing ienova pipelines' ownership interest in den and tag to 100 percent and 50 percent, respectively, at which point den became a consolidated subsidiary of ienova. den continues to account for its indirect interest in tag as an equity method investment. we discuss these acquisitions further in notes 3 and 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other sempra mexico matters at december 31, 2017, pemex's long-term rating with moody's was baa3 with a negative outlook. pemex's foreign currency long-term s&p rating was bbb+ and its outlook was stable. s&p's local currency long-term sovereign credit rating was a- with a stable outlook. fitch rating's long-term issuer default rating and local currency long-term issuer default ratings were bbb+. although pemex is a state productive enterprise of mexico, its financing obligations are not guaranteed by the mexican government. as a customer with capacity contracts for transportation services on sempra mexico's ethane and lpg pipelines, if pemex were unable to meet any or all of its obligations to sempra mexico, it could have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
sempra mexico continues to monitor cfe project opportunities and carefully analyze cfe bids in order to participate in those that fit its overall growth strategy. there can be no assurance that ienova will be successful in bidding for new cfe projects.
the ability to successfully complete major construction projects is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. for a discussion of these risks and uncertainties, see "item 1a. risk factors."
sempra renewables sempra renewables' performance is primarily a function of the solar and wind power generated by its assets. power generation from these assets depends on solar and wind resource levels, weather conditions, and sempra renewables' ability to maintain equipment performance.
sempra renewables' future performance and the demand for renewable energy is impacted by various market factors, most notably state mandated requirements for utilities to deliver a portion of total energy load from renewable energy sources. additionally, the phase out or extension of u.s. federal income tax incentives, primarily itcs and ptcs, and grant programs
could significantly impact future renewable energy resource availability and investment decisions. imposition by the u.s. government of ad valorem tariffs, import quotas or other import restrictions related to solar panels could materially adversely affect sempra renewables' business, investment decisions and the demand for renewable energy in the u.s.
capital project updates we summarize below a new solar project at sempra renewables.
capital project under construction at december 31, 2017 - sempra renewables project description                                                                                                                                     estimated capital cost (in millions)                        status great valley solar project
§               fully contracted under four ppas with an average contract term of 18 years.
sempra lng & midstream capital project updates we summarize below sempra lng & midstream's completion of the cameron interstate pipeline expansion project.
capital project completed in 2017 - sempra lng &amp; midstream project description cameron interstate pipeline expansion
§                    3.5-mile, 36-inch pipeline addition to existing cameron interstate pipeline, adding bi-directional flow of up to 1.5 bcf of natural gas per day.                                 §         expansion project completed in the second quarter of 2017.
§                         sempra energy contributed cameron lng, llc's existing facilities to cameron lng jv, of which sempra energy indirectly owns 50.2 percent, and construction began in the second half of 2014.   §                  based on a number of factors discussed below, we believe it is reasonable to expect that all three lng trains will be producing lng in 2019.
§                         capacity of 13.9 mtpa of lng with an expected export capacity of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day.
§                         authorized to export the full capacity of lng to both fta and non-fta countries.
§                         20-year liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements for full nameplate capacity.
cameron lng jv three-train liquefaction project construction on the current three-train liquefaction project began in the second half of 2014 under an epc contract with a joint venture between cb&i, llc (as assignee of cb&i shaw constructors, inc.), a wholly owned subsidiary of chicago bridge & iron company n.v., and chiyoda international corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of chiyoda corporation.
the total cost of the integrated cameron lng jv facility, including the cost of the original facility that was contributed to the joint venture interest during construction, financing costs and required reserves, was estimated to be approximately $10 billion at the time of our final investment decision.
sempra lng & midstream has agreements totaling 1.45 bcf per day of firm natural gas transportation service to the cameron lng jv facilities on the cameron interstate pipeline with engie s.a. and affiliates of mitsubishi corporation and mitsui & co., ltd. the terms of these agreements are concurrent with the liquefaction and regasification tolling capacity agreements.
sempra energy and the project partners executed project financing documents for senior secured debt in an aggregate principal amount up to $7.4 billion for the purpose of financing the cost of development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project. sempra energy has entered into guarantees under which it has severally guaranteed 50.2 percent of cameron lng jv's obligations under the project financing and financing-related agreements, for a maximum amount of up to $3.9 billion. the project financing and completion guarantees became effective on october 1, 2014, and the guarantees will terminate upon financial completion of the project, which will occur upon satisfaction of certain conditions, including all three trains achieving commercial operation and meeting certain operational performance tests. we expect the project to achieve financial completion and the completion guarantees to be terminated approximately nine months after all three trains achieve commercial operation.
large-scale construction projects like the design, development and construction of the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including among others, the potential for unforeseen engineering challenges, substantial construction delays and increased costs. cameron lng jv has a turnkey epc contract, and if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, the project could face substantial construction delays and potentially significantly increased costs. if the contractor's delays or failures are serious enough to cause the contractor to default under the epc contract, such default could result in cameron lng jv's engagement of a substitute contractor. in october 2016, the epc contractor indicated that the cameron lng project would not achieve its originally scheduled dates for completion and subsequently provided project schedules reflecting further delays to the cameron lng project.
during the course of construction of large projects like cameron lng, contractors often assert that they are owed additional compensation, schedule extensions, or both. cameron lng jv received information from the epc contractor claiming it was owed additional amounts beyond the contract value and entitled to schedule extensions, including as a result of the impacts of hurricane harvey and other events impacting the project. in december 2017, cameron lng jv entered into a settlement agreement with the epc contractor that settled claims by the epc contractor that it was owed additional compensation beyond the original contract price and that it was entitled to schedule extensions under the epc contract. the settlement agreement resolves all of the epc contractor's known and unknown claims prior to december 17, 2017 and became effective in january 2018.
under the settlement agreement, cameron lng jv has agreed to additional contract and bonus payments. these payments are subject to the epc contractor's achievement of certain milestones, including milestones aligned to the completion of commissioning the lng trains. in addition, the bonus payments become payable only if the epc contractor satisfies certain additional milestones. the settlement agreement waives schedule-related liquidated damages related to the original contract schedule and reestablishes the start dates for such liquidated damages according to the settlement schedule.
based on a number of factors, we continue to believe it is reasonable to expect that all three lng trains at the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility will be producing lng and start generating earnings in 2019. these factors include, among others, the terms of the settlement agreement, the project schedules received from the epc contractor, cameron lng jv's own review of the project schedules, the assumptions underlying such schedules, the epc contractor's progress to date, the remaining work to be performed, and the inherent risks in constructing and testing facilities such as the cameron lng jv liquefaction facility. for a discussion of the cameron lng jv and of these risks and other risks relating to the development of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project that could adversely affect our future performance, see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and "item 1a. risk factors."
these delays in the project and the terms of the settlement agreement increase the total estimated cost of the integrated cameron lng facility above the approximately $10 billion estimated cost; however, the estimated increase is expected to be within the project contingency established by the cameron lng jv at the time of the final investment decision for the project in august 2014 and is not material to sempra energy.
proposed additional cameron liquefaction expansion cameron lng jv has received the major permits and fta and non-fta approvals necessary to expand the current configuration of the cameron lng jv liquefaction project from the current three liquefaction trains under construction. the proposed expansion project includes up to two additional liquefaction trains, capable of increasing lng production capacity by approximately 9 mtpa to 10 mtpa, and up to two additional full containment lng storage tanks (one of which was permitted with the original three-train project).
under the cameron lng jv financing agreements, expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions, including among others, timing restrictions on expansion of the project unless appropriate prior consent is obtained from lenders. under the cameron lng jv equity agreements, the expansion of the project requires the unanimous consent of all the partners, including with respect to the equity investment obligation of each partner. one of the partners indicated to sempra energy and the other partners that it does not intend to invest additional capital in cameron lng jv with respect to the expansion. as a result, discussions among the partners are taking place, and we are considering a variety of options to attempt to move this project forward. these activities have contributed to delays in developing firm pricing information and securing customer commitments, and there can be no assurance that these issues will be resolved in a timely manner, which could materially and adversely impact the near-term marketing of this expansion project and cameron lng jv's ability to secure customer commitments. in light of these developments, we are unable to predict when we and/or cameron lng jv might be able to move forward on this expansion project.
the expansion of the cameron lng jv facilities beyond the first three trains is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including amending the cameron lng jv agreement among the partners, obtaining customer commitments, completing the required commercial agreements, securing and maintaining all necessary permits, approvals and consents, obtaining financing, reaching a final investment decision among the cameron lng jv partners, and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
other lng liquefaction development design, regulatory and commercial activities are ongoing for potential lng liquefaction developments at our port arthur, texas site and at sempra mexico's eca facility. for these development projects, we have met with potential customers and determined there is an interest in long-term contracts for lng supplies beginning in the 2022 to 2025 time frame.
port arthur in november 2016, sempra lng & midstream submitted a request to the ferc seeking authorization to site, construct and operate the proposed port arthur lng natural gas liquefaction and export facility in port arthur, texas.
◦   two natural gas liquefaction trains with production capability of approximately 13.5 mtpa, or 698 bcf per year;
◦   feed gas pre-treatment facilities; and
◦   two berths and associated marine and loading facilities.
▪   in june 2015, sempra lng &amp; midstream filed permit applications with the doe for authorization to export the lng produced from the proposed project to all current and future non-fta countries.
▪   in june 2017, sempra lng &amp; midstream, woodside petroleum ltd. and korea gas corporation signed a memorandum of understanding that provides a framework for cooperation and joint discussion by the parties regarding key aspects of the potential development of the port arthur lng project, including engineering and construction work, o&amp;m activities, feed gas sourcing, offtake of lng and the potential for korea gas corporation to purchase lng from, and become an equity participant in, the port arthur lng project. the memorandum of understanding does not commit any party to buy or sell lng or otherwise participate in the port arthur liquefaction lng project.
▪   in february 2018, sempra lng &amp; midstream and woodside petroleum ltd. entered into a project development agreement for the joint development of the proposed port arthur lng liquefaction project. the agreement specifies how the parties will share costs, and establishes a framework for the parties to work jointly on permitting, design, engineering, commercial and marketing activities associated with developing the port arthur lng liquefaction project.
also, in november 2016, sempra lng & midstream filed a permit application with the ferc for the texas connector pipeline project that will provide natural gas transportation service for the port arthur lng liquefaction project. in february 2017, sempra
lng & midstream initiated the ferc pre-filing review process for the louisiana connector pipeline project, an additional pipeline project that would also provide natural gas transportation service for the port arthur lng liquefaction project. the ferc application was filed in october 2017.
development of the port arthur lng liquefaction project is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including obtaining customer commitments, completing the required commercial agreements, such as joint venture agreements, lng sales agreements and gas supply agreements; completing construction contracts; securing all necessary permits and approvals; obtaining financing and incentives; reaching a final investment decision; and other factors associated with the potential investment. see "item 1a. risk factors."
energía costa azul we further discuss sempra lng & midstream's participation in potential lng liquefaction development at sempra mexico's eca facility above in "sempra mexico - energía costa azul lng terminal."
the recorded value of our long-lived natural gas storage assets at december 31, 2017 is $1.5 billion. historically, the value of natural gas storage services has positively correlated with the difference between the seasonal prices of natural gas, among other factors. in general, over the past several years, seasonal differences in natural gas prices have declined, which have contributed to lower prices for storage services. as our legacy (higher rate) sales contracts mature at our bay gas and mississippi hub facilities, replacement sales contract rates have been and could continue to be lower than has historically been the case. lower sales revenues may not be offset by cost reductions, which could lead to depressed asset values. future investment in bay gas, mississippi hub and la storage will be dependent on market demand and estimates of long-term storage values. our la storage development project construction permit expired in june 2017 and future development will require approval of a new construction permit by the ferc. the la storage project also includes an existing 23.3-mile pipeline header system, the la storage pipeline, that is not currently contracted.
we perform recovery testing of our recorded asset values when market conditions indicate that such values may not be recoverable. in the event such values are not recoverable, we would consider the fair value of these assets relative to their carrying value. to the extent the carrying value is in excess of the fair value, we would record a noncash impairment charge. a significant impairment charge related to our natural gas storage assets would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which it is recorded.
rbs sempra commodities in three separate transactions in 2010 and one in early 2011, we and rbs, our partner in the rbs sempra commodities joint venture, sold substantially all of the businesses and assets of our commodities-marketing partnership. the investment balance of $67 million at december 31, 2017 reflects remaining distributions expected to be received from the partnership as it is dissolved. the amount of distributions, if any, may be impacted by the matters we discuss related to rbs sempra commodities in "other litigation" in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. in addition, amounts may be retained by the partnership for an extended period of time to help offset unanticipated future general and administrative costs necessary to complete the dissolution of the partnership.
other sempra energy matters we may be further impacted by rapidly changing economic conditions. these conditions may also affect our counterparties. moreover, the dollar may fluctuate significantly compared to some foreign currencies, especially in mexico and south america where we have significant operations. we discuss these matters in "impact of foreign currency and inflation rates on results of operations" above and in "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
north american natural gas prices, when in decline, negatively affect profitability at sempra lng & midstream. also, a reduction in projected global demand for lng could result in increased competition among those working on projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored export initiatives. for a discussion of these risks and other risks involving changing commodity prices, see "item 1a. risk factors."
litigation we describe legal proceedings that could adversely affect our future performance in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates management views certain accounting policies as critical because their application is the most relevant, judgmental, and/or material to our financial position and results of operations, and/or because they require the use of material judgments and estimates.
we describe our significant accounting policies in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. we discuss choices among alternative accounting policies that are material to our financial statements and information concerning significant estimates with the audit committee of the sempra energy board of directors.
critical accounting policies and estimates sempra energy, sdg&amp;e and socalgas contingencies assumptions &amp; approach used       we accrue losses for the estimated impacts of various conditions, situations or circumstances involving uncertain outcomes. for loss contingencies, we accrue the loss if an event has occurred on or before the balance sheet date and: ▪information available through the date we file our financial statements indicates it is probable that a loss has been incurred, given the likelihood of uncertain future events, and ▪the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. we do not accrue contingencies that might result in gains. we continuously assess contingencies for litigation claims, environmental remediation and other events.
regulatory accounting assumptions &amp; approach used       as regulated entities, the california utilities' rates, as set and monitored by regulators, are designed to recover the cost of providing service and provide the opportunity to earn a reasonable return on their investments. the california utilities record regulatory assets, which are generally costs that would otherwise be charged to expense, if it is probable that, through the ratemaking process, the utility will recover that asset from customers in future rates. similarly, regulatory liabilities are recorded for amounts recovered in rates in advance or in excess of costs incurred. the california utilities assess probabilities of future rate recovery associated with regulatory account balances at the end of each reporting period and whenever new and/or unusual events occur, such as: ▪changes in the regulatory and political environment or the utility's competitive position ▪issuance of a regulatory commission order▪passage of new legislation to the extent that circumstances associated with regulatory balances change, the regulatory balances are evaluated and adjusted if appropriate.
effect if differentassumptions used   adverse legislative or regulatory actions could materially impact the amounts of our regulatory assets and liabilities and could materially adversely impact our financial statements. details of the california utilities' regulatory assets and liabilities and additional factors that management considers when assessing probabilities associated with regulatory balances are discussed in notes 1, 13, 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
income taxes assumptions &amp; approach used       our income tax expense and related balance sheet amounts involve significant management judgments and estimates. as to the application of the recently enacted tcja, these estimates are based on our application of currently available guidance and interpretations of the tcja to our facts, which guidance and interpretation may change. interpretive guidance issued by the sec upon enactment of the tcja permits adjustments in subsequent periods through 2018 to provisional amounts recorded in 2017 related to the tcja. amounts of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, as well as current and noncurrent accruals, involve judgments and estimates of the timing and probability of recognition of income and deductions by taxing authorities. when we evaluate the anticipated resolution of income tax issues, we consider ▪past resolutions of the same or similar issue ▪the status of any income tax examination in progress ▪positions taken by taxing authorities with other taxpayers with similar issues the likelihood of deferred tax recovery is based on analyses of the deferred tax assets and our expectation of future taxable income, based on our strategic planning.
effect if differentassumptions used   actual income taxes could vary from estimated amounts because of: ▪future impacts of various items, including changes in tax laws, regulations, interpretations and rulings ▪our financial condition in future periods▪the resolution of various income tax issues between us and taxing and regulatory authorities we discuss details of our issues in this area in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
assumptions &amp; approach used       for an uncertain position to qualify for benefit recognition, the position must have at least a "more likely than not" chance of being sustained (based on the position's technical merits) upon challenge by the respective authorities. the term "more likely than not" means a likelihood of more than 50 percent. if we do not have a more likely than not position with respect to a tax position, then we do not recognize any of the potential tax benefit associated with the position. a tax position that meets the "more likely than not" recognition is measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon the effective resolution of the tax position.
effect if differentassumptions used   unrecognized tax benefits involve management's judgment regarding the likelihood of the benefit being sustained. the final resolution of uncertain tax positions could result in adjustments to recorded amounts and may affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. we discuss additional information related to accounting for uncertainty in income taxes in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
derivatives assumptions &amp; approach used       we record derivative instruments for which we do not apply a scope exception at fair value on the balance sheet. depending on the purpose for the contract and the applicability of hedge accounting, the changes in fair value of derivatives may be offset in earnings, on the balance sheet, or in oci. we use the normal purchase or sale exception for certain derivative contracts. whenever possible, we use exchange quoted prices or other third-party pricing to estimate fair values; if no such data is available, we use internally developed models and other techniques. the assumed collectability of derivative assets and receivables considers ▪events specific to a given counterparty▪the tenor of the transaction▪the credit-worthiness of the counterparty effect if differentassumptions used   the application of hedge accounting to certain derivatives and the normal purchase or sale accounting election are made on a contract-by-contract basis. using hedge accounting or the normal purchase or sale election in a different manner could materially impact sempra energy's results of operations. however, such alternatives would not have a significant impact on the california utilities' results of operations because regulatory accounting principles generally apply to their contracts. we provide details of our derivative instruments and our fair value approaches in notes 9 and 10, respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
defined benefit plans assumptions &amp; approach used       to measure our pension and other postretirement obligations, costs and liabilities, we rely on several assumptions. we consider current market conditions, including interest rates, in making these assumptions. we review these assumptions annually and update when appropriate. the critical assumptions used to develop the required estimates include the following key factors: ▪discount rates▪expected return on plan assets ▪health care cost trend rates ▪mortality rates ▪rate of compensation increases ▪termination and retirement rates▪utilization of postretirement welfare benefits ▪payout elections (lump sum or annuity) ▪lump sum interest rates effect if differentassumptions used   the actuarial assumptions we use may differ materially from actual results due to: ▪return on plan assets ▪changing market and economic conditions▪higher or lower withdrawal rates ▪longer or shorter participant life spans ▪more or fewer lump sum versus annuity payout elections made by plan participants ▪retirement rates these differences, other than those related to the california utilities' plans, where rate recovery offsets the effects of the assumptions on earnings, may result in a significant impact to the amount of pension and other postretirement benefit expense we record. for plans other than those at the california utilities, the approximate annual effect on earnings of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed discount rate would be less than $2 million and the effect of a 100 bps increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return on plan assets would be less than $2 million. we provide additional information, including the impact of increases and decreases in the health care cost trend rate, in note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sempra energy and sdg&amp;e asset retirement obligations assumptions &amp; approach used       sdg&amp;e's legal aros related to the decommissioning of songs are estimated based on a site specific study performed no less than every three years. the estimate of the obligations includes ▪estimated decommissioning costs, including labor, equipment, material and other disposal costs▪inflation adjustment applied to estimated cash flows ▪discount rate based on a credit-adjusted risk-free rate ▪actual decommissioning costs, progress to date and expected duration of decommissioning activities effect if differentassumptions used   changes in the estimated decommissioning costs, or in the assumptions and judgments made by management underlying these estimates, could cause revisions to the estimated total cost associated with retiring the assets. sdg&amp;e's nuclear decommissioning expenses are subject to rate recovery and, therefore, rate-making accounting treatment is applied to sdg&amp;e's nuclear decommissioning activities. sdg&amp;e recognizes a regulatory asset, or liability, to the extent that its songs aro exceeds, or is less than, the amount collected from customers and the amount earned in sdg&amp;e's ndt. we provide additional detail in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
effect if differentassumptions used   if an impairment test is required, the fair value of long-lived assets can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. we discuss impairment of long-lived assets in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
impairment testing of goodwill assumptions &amp; approach used       on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances necessitate an evaluation, we consider whether goodwill may be impaired. for our annual goodwill impairment testing, we have the option to first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount before applying the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test. if we elect to perform the qualitative assessment, we evaluate relevant events and circumstances, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, changes in key personnel and the overall financial performance of the reporting unit. if, after assessing these qualitative factors, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. when we perform the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, we exercise judgment to develop estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit and compare that to the carrying value. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. we consider observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, if available, as well as an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future revenues and expenses and may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the reporting unit. critical assumptions that affect our estimates of fair value may include ▪consideration of market transactions▪future cash flows▪the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate▪country risk ▪entity risk effect if differentassumptions used   when we choose to make a qualitative assessment as discussed above, the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test is not required if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount or when we choose to proceed directly to the two-step, quantitative goodwill impairment test, the test requires us to first determine if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value and if so, to measure the amount of goodwill impairment, if any. when determining if goodwill is impaired, the fair value of the reporting unit and goodwill can vary if differing estimates and assumptions are used in the valuation techniques applied as indicated by changing market or other conditions. as a result, recognizing a goodwill impairment may or may not be required. we determined that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair values of the reporting units in south america to which goodwill was allocated exceeded their carrying values based on our qualitative assessment, and that the estimated fair values of the reporting units in mexico to which goodwill was allocated exceeded their carrying values based on our quantitative assessment, as of october 1, 2017, our most recent goodwill impairment testing date. we discuss goodwill in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
carrying value of equity method investments
assumptions &amp; approach used       we generally account for investments under the equity method when we have significant influence over, but do not have control of, the investee. we consider whether the fair value of each equity investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. to help evaluate whether a decline in fair value below carrying value has occurred and if the decline is other than temporary, we may develop fair value estimates for the investment. our fair value estimates are developed from the perspective of a knowledgeable market participant. in the absence of observable transactions in the marketplace for similar investments, we consider an income-based approach such as a discounted cash flow analysis or, with less weighting, the replacement cost of the underlying net assets. a discounted cash flow analysis may be based directly on anticipated future distributions from the investment, or may be performed based on free cash flows generated within the entity and adjusted for our ownership share total. when calculating estimates of fair or realizable values, we also consider whether we intend to hold or sell the investment. for certain investments, critical assumptions may include ▪equity sale offer price for the investment▪transportation rates for natural gas▪the appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate▪the availability and costs of natural gas and liquefied natural gas▪competing fuels (primarily propane) and electricity▪estimated future power generation and associated tax credits▪renewable power price expectations effect if differentassumptions used   the risk assumptions applied by other market participants to value the investments could vary significantly or the appropriate approaches could be weighted differently. these differences could impact whether or not the fair value of the investment is less than its carrying value, and if so, whether that condition is other than temporary. this could result in an impairment charge or a different amount of impairment charge, and, in cases where an impairment charge has been recorded, additional loss or gain upon sale in the case of a sale transaction. we provide additional details in notes 4 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.