item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion provides information that management believes is relevant to an understanding and assessment of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of ventas, inc. you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, as it will help you understand:
•   our company and the environment in which we operate;
•   our 2017 highlights and other recent developments;
•   our critical accounting policies and estimates;
•   our results of operations for the last three years;
•   how we manage our assets and liabilities;
•   our liquidity and capital resources;
corporate and operating environment we are a real estate investment trust ("reit") with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the united states, canada and the united kingdom. as of december 31, 2017, we owned more than 1,200 properties (including properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and properties classified as held for sale), consisting of seniors housing communities, medical office buildings ("mobs"), life science and innovation centers, inpatient rehabilitation facilities ("irfs") and long-term acute care facilities ("ltacs"), health systems and skilled nursing facilities ("snfs"), and we had 14 properties under development, including four properties that are owned by unconsolidated real estate entities. we are an s&p 500 company headquartered in chicago, illinois.
we primarily invest in seniors housing and healthcare properties through acquisitions and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers. as of december 31, 2017, we leased a total of 546 properties (excluding mobs) to various healthcare operating companies under "triple-net" or "absolute-net" leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures.
as of december 31, 2017, pursuant to long-term management agreements, we engaged independent operators, such as atria senior living, inc. ("atria") and sunrise senior living, llc (together with its subsidiaries, "sunrise"), to manage 297 seniors housing communities for us.
our three largest tenants, brookdale senior living, inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "brookdale senior living"), ardent health partners, llc (together with its subsidiaries, "ardent") and kindred healthcare, inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "kindred") leased from us 135 properties (excluding one property managed by brookdale senior living pursuant to a long-term management agreement), 10 properties and 31 properties (excluding one mob included within our office operations reportable business segment), respectively, as of december 31, 2017.
through our lillibridge healthcare services, inc. ("lillibridge") subsidiary and our ownership interest in pmb real estate services llc ("pmbres"), we also provide mob management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the united states. in addition, from time to time, we make secured and non-mortgage loans and other investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties.
we conduct our operations through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and office operations. see "note 19-segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
as of december 31, 2017, our consolidated portfolio included 100% ownership interests in 1,135 properties and controlling joint venture interests in 69 properties, and we had non-controlling ownership interests in 31 properties through investments in unconsolidated entities. through lillibridge and pmbres, we provided management and leasing services to third parties with respect to 105 mobs as of december 31, 2017.
we aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of: (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows; (2) maintaining a balanced, diversified portfolio of high-quality assets; and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity.
our ability to access capital in a timely and cost-effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock that are beyond our control and fluctuate over time all impact our access to and cost of external capital. for that reason, we generally attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in real property with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt.
2017 highlights and other recent developments investments and dispositions
•   in march 2017, we provided secured debt financing to a subsidiary of ardent to facilitate ardent's acquisition of lhp hospital group, inc., which included a $700.0 million term loan and a $60.0 million revolving line of credit feature (of which $28.0 million was outstanding at december 31, 2017). the libor-based debt financing has a five-year term, a one-year lock out feature and a weighted average interest rate of approximately 9.3% as of december 31, 2017 and is guaranteed by ardent's parent company.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2017, we acquired 15 triple-net leased properties (including six assets previously owned by an equity method investee), four properties reported within our office operations reportable business segment (three life science, research and medical assets and one medical office building) and three seniors housing communities (reported within our senior living operations reportable business segment) for an aggregate purchase price of $691.3 million.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2017, we sold 53 triple-net leased properties, five mobs and certain vacant land parcels for aggregate consideration of $870.8 million, and we recognized a gain on the sale of these assets of $717.3 million, net of taxes.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2017, we received aggregate proceeds of $37.6 million for the partial prepayment and $35.5 million for the full repayment of loans receivable, which resulted in total gains of $0.6 million.
liquidity, capital and dividends
•   in march 2017, we issued and sold $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.100% senior notes due 2023 at a public offering price equal to 99.280% of par, for total proceeds of $397.1 million before the underwriting discount and expenses, and $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.850% senior notes due 2027 at a public offering price equal to 99.196% of par, for total proceeds of $396.8 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
•   in april 2017, we entered into an unsecured credit facility comprised of a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, priced at libor plus 0.875%, that replaced our previous $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility priced at libor plus 1.0%.
•   in april 2017, we repaid in full, at par, $300.0 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 1.250% senior notes due 2017 upon maturity.
•   in june 2017, we issued and sold c$275.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.55% senior notes, series d due 2023 at a price equal to 99.954% of par, for total proceeds of c$274.9 million before the agent fees and expenses. we used part of the proceeds to repay c$124.4 million on our unsecured term loan due 2019.
•   in september 2017, we entered into a new $400.0 million secured revolving construction credit facility which matures in 2022 and will be primarily used to finance life science and innovation center and other construction projects.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2017, we issued and sold 1.1 million shares of common stock under our "at-the-market" ("atm") equity offering program. aggregate net proceeds for these activities were $73.9 million, after sales agent commissions.
portfolio
•   the sale of the triple-net leased properties above included 36 snfs, owned by us and operated by kindred. these assets were sold for aggregate consideration of approximately $700 million and we recognized a gain on the sale of $657.6 million, net of taxes.
other recent developments
•   in january 2018, we transitioned the management of 76 private pay seniors housing communities to eclipse senior living ("esl"). these assets, substantially all of which were previously leased by elmcroft senior living ("elmcroft"), are now operated by esl under a management contract with us. we acquired a 34% ownership stake in esl with customary rights and protections. esl management owns the remaining 66% stake. we also intend to form a new joint venture with an institutional partner related to the assets previously leased by elmcroft. however, there can be no assurance whether, when or on what terms the joint venture will be completed.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") set forth in the accounting standards codification ("asc"), as published by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. however, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. we periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe that the critical accounting policies described below, among others, affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. for more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see "note 2-accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
principles of consolidation the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
gaap requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ("vies"). a vie is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity's activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. we consolidate our investment in a vie when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. we may change our original assessment of a vie upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity's equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary.
we identify the primary beneficiary of a vie as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could be significant to the entity. we perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.
as it relates to investments in joint ventures, gaap may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s). we assess limited partners' rights and their impact on our consolidation conclusions, and we reassess if there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. we also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies.
we consolidate several vies that share the following common characteristics:
•the vie is in the legal form of an lp or llc;
•the vie was designed to own and manage its underlying real estate investments;
•we own a majority of the voting interests in the vie;
•a minority of voting interests in the vie are owned by external third parties, unrelated to us;
•the minority owners do not have substantive kick-out or participating rights in the vie; and
we have separately identified certain special purpose entities that were established to allow investments in life science projects by tax credit investors ("tcis"). we have determined that these special purpose entities are vies and that we are the
primary beneficiary of the vies, and therefore we consolidate these special purpose entities. our primary beneficiary determination is based upon several factors, including but not limited to the rights we have in directing the activities which most significantly impact the vies' economic performance as well as certain guarantees which protect the tcis from losses should a tax credit recapture event occur.
accounting for real estate acquisitions on january 1, 2017, we adopted accounting standards update ("asu") 2017-01, clarifying the definition of a business ("asu 2017-01") which narrows the fasb's definition of a business and provides a framework that gives entities a basis for making reasonable judgments about whether a transaction involves an asset or a business. asu 2017-01 states that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets, the acquired asset is not a business. if this initial test is not met, an acquired asset cannot be considered a business unless it includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create output. the primary differences between business combinations and asset acquisitions include recognition of goodwill at the acquisition date and expense recognition for transaction costs as incurred. we are applying asu 2017-01 prospectively for acquisitions after january 1, 2017.
regardless of whether an acquisition is considered a business combination or an asset acquisition, we record the cost of the businesses or assets acquired as tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases and acquired lease contracts.
we estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis or replacement cost basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, generally not to exceed 35 years. we determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets' estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. we determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. we generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. however, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. during the remaining construction period, we capitalize project costs until the development has reached substantial completion. construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion.
the fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above and/or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. we amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. if a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized amounts of lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations at that time.
we estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities, if any, by discounting the difference between the applicable property's acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. we do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale.
we estimate the fair value of tenant or other customer relationships acquired, if any, by considering the nature and extent of existing relationships with the tenant or customer, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant or customer, the tenant's credit quality, expectations of lease renewals with the tenant, and the potential for significant, additional future leasing arrangements with the tenant, and we amortize that value over the expected life of the associated arrangements or leases, including the remaining terms of the related leases and any expected renewal periods. we estimate the fair value of trade names and trademarks using a royalty rate methodology and amortize that value over the estimated useful life of the trade name or trademark.
in connection with an acquisition, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. we generally assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. we assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the
acquisition date. to the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value and amortize that asset or liability to interest or rental expense in our consolidated statements of income over the applicable lease term. we include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
we determine the fair value of loans receivable acquired by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans with the same terms and length to maturity would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. we do not establish a valuation allowance at the acquisition date because the estimated future cash flows already reflect our judgment regarding their uncertainty. we recognize the difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows as interest income using an effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. subsequent to the acquisition date, we evaluate changes regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows and the need for a valuation allowance, as appropriate.
we estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities.
we calculate the fair value of long-term assumed debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument.
impairment of long-lived and intangible assets we periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. if indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. in performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. we adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. we recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination.
if impairment indicators arise with respect to intangible assets with finite useful lives, we evaluate impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, then we estimate the fair value of the asset and compare the estimated fair value to the intangible asset's carrying value. we recognize any shortfall from carrying value as an impairment loss in the current period.
we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated entities for impairment at least annually, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investment may exceed its fair value. if we determine that a decline in the fair value of our investment in an unconsolidated entity is other-than-temporary, and if such reduced fair value is below the carrying value, we record an impairment.
we test goodwill for impairment at least annually, and more frequently if indicators arise. we first assess qualitative factors, such as current macroeconomic conditions, state of the equity and capital markets and our overall financial and operating performance, to determine the likelihood that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we proceed with the two-step approach to evaluating impairment. first, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare it to the reporting unit's carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds fair value, we proceed with the second step, which requires us to assign the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination at the date of the impairment test. the excess fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied value of goodwill and is used to determine the amount of impairment. we recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied value in the current period.
estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of goodwill (if necessary based on our qualitative assessment), investments in real estate, investments in unconsolidated entities and intangible assets are based upon discounted future cash flow projections or other acceptable valuation techniques that are based, in turn, upon all available evidence including level three inputs, such as revenue and expense growth rates, estimates of future cash flows, capitalization rates, discount rates, general economic conditions and trends, or other available market data. our ability to accurately predict future operating results
and cash flows and to estimate and determine fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. while we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results.
fair values of financial instruments fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement, and we determine fair value based on the assumptions that we expect market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. as a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, gaap establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within levels one and two of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level three of the hierarchy).
level one inputs utilize unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. level two inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in level one that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. level two inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and other inputs for the asset or liability that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and yield curves. level three inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which typically are based on our own assumptions, because there is little, if any, related market activity. if the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the entire fair value measurement falls is the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. if the volume and level of market activity for an asset or liability has decreased significantly relative to the normal market activity for such asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities), then transactions or quoted prices may not accurately reflect fair value. in addition, if there is evidence that a transaction for an asset or liability is not orderly, little, if any, weight is placed on that transaction price as an indicator of fair value. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.
revenue recognition triple-net leased properties and office operations certain of our triple-net leases and most of our mob and life science and innovation center (collectively, "office operations") leases provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. we recognize base rental revenues under these leases on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term when collectability is reasonably assured. recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis generally results in recognized revenues during the first half of a lease term exceeding the cash amounts contractually due from our tenants, creating a straight-line rent receivable that is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
certain of our leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. we recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term.
senior living operations we recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. we recognize move-in fees on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. our lease agreements with residents generally have terms of 12 to 18 months and are cancelable by the resident upon 30 days' notice.
other we recognize interest income from loans and investments, including discounts and premiums, using the effective interest method when collectibility is reasonably assured. we apply the effective interest method on a loan-by-loan basis and recognize discounts and premiums as yield adjustments over the related loan term. we recognize interest income on an impaired loan to the extent our estimate of the fair value of the collateral is sufficient to support the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest. when the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest is equal to or less than our estimate of the fair value of the collateral, we recognize interest income on a cash basis. we provide a reserve against an impaired loan to the extent our total investment in the loan exceeds our estimate of the fair value of the loan collateral.
we recognize income from rent, lease termination fees, development services, management advisory services and all other income when all of the following criteria are met in accordance with securities and exchange commission ("sec") staff accounting bulletin 104: (i) the applicable agreement has been fully executed and delivered; (ii) services have been rendered; (iii) the amount is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured.
allowances we assess the collectibility of our rent receivables, including straight-line rent receivables. we base our assessment of the collectibility of rent receivables (other than straight-line rent receivables) on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and current economic conditions. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to recover the full value of the receivable, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. we base our assessment of the collectibility of straight-line rent receivables on several factors, including, among other things, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant and the type of property. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to receive the rent payments due in the future, we provide a reserve against the recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for the portion, up to its full value, that we estimate may not be recovered. if we change our assumptions or estimates regarding the collectibility of future rent payments required by a lease, we may adjust our reserve to increase or reduce the rental revenue recognized in the period we make such change in our assumptions or estimates.
federal income tax we have elected to be treated as a reit under the applicable provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), for every year beginning with the year ended december 31, 1999. accordingly, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on net income that we distribute to our stockholders, provided that we continue to qualify as a reit. however, with respect to certain of our subsidiaries that have elected to be treated as taxable reit subsidiaries ("trs" or "trs entities"), we record income tax expense or benefit, as those entities are subject to federal income tax similar to regular corporations. certain foreign subsidiaries are subject to foreign income tax, although they did not elect to be treated as trss.
we account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our financial statements or tax returns. under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. we recognize interest and penalties, if applicable, related to uncertain tax positions as part of income tax benefit or expense.
recently issued or adopted accounting standards on january 1, 2017, we adopted asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation ("asu 2016-09") which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for forfeitures and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. adoption of asu 2016-09 did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements in 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers ("asu 2014-09", as codified in "asc 606"), which outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. asc 606 states that "an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services." while asc 606 specifically references contracts with customers, it also applied to other transactions such as the sale of real
estate. asc 606 is effective for us beginning january 1, 2018 and we plan to adopt asc 606 using the modified retrospective method.
we have evaluated all of our revenue streams to identify whether each revenue stream would be subject to the provisions of asc 606 and any differences in the timing, measurement or presentation of revenue recognition. based on a review of our various revenue streams, we believe the following items in our consolidated statements of income are subject to asc 606: office building and other services revenue, certain elements of our resident fees and services and gains on the sale of real estate. our office building and other services revenues are primarily generated by management contracts where we provide management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services. resident fees and services primarily include amounts related to resident leases (subject to asc 840, leases) but also includes revenues generated through point-of-sale transactions that are ancillary to the residents' contractual rights to occupy living and common-area space at the communities. while these revenue streams are subject to the provisions of asc 606, we believe that the pattern and timing of recognition of income will be consistent with the current accounting model.
as it relates to gains on sale of real estate, we will apply the provisions of asc 610-20, gain or loss from derecognition of non-financial assets ("asc 610-20"), and we expect to recognize any gains when we transfer control of a property and when it is probable that we will collect substantially all of the related consideration. we will no longer apply existing sales criteria in asc 360, property, plant, and equipment. we will recognize on january 1, 2018, through a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings, $31.2 million of deferred gains relating to sales of real estate assets in 2015. other than the cumulative effect adjustment relating to such deferred gains, the adoption of asc 606 and asc 610-20 will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. our remaining implementation item includes finalizing revised disclosures in accordance with the new standard.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases ("asu 2016-02"), which introduces a lessee model that brings most leases on the balance sheet and, among other changes, eliminates the requirement in current gaap for an entity to use bright-line tests in determining lease classification. the fasb also issued an exposure draft on january 5, 2018 proposing to amend asu 2016-02, which would provide lessors with a practical expedient, by class of underlying assets, to not separate non-lease components from the related lease components and, instead, to account for those components as a single lease component, if certain criteria are met. asu 2016-02 and the related exposure draft are not effective for us until january 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. we are continuing to evaluate this guidance and the impact to us, as both lessor and lessee, on our consolidated financial statements. we expect to utilize the practical expedients proposed in the exposure draft as part of our adoption of asu 2016-02.
in 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-15, classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments ("asu 2016-15"), which provides clarification regarding how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows and asu 2016-18, restricted cash ("asu 2016-18"), which requires an entity to show the changes in total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. asu 2016-15 and asu 2016-18 are effective for us beginning january 1, 2018 and will be applied by us using a retrospective transition method. adoption of these standards is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-16, intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory ("asu 2016-16"), which requires a company to recognize the tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset, other than inventory, when the transfer occurs. asu 2016-16 is effective for us beginning january 1, 2018 and will be applied by us using a modified retrospective method. adoption of this standard is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations in august 2015, we completed the spin-off of most of our post-acute/skilled nursing facility portfolio into an independent, publicly traded reit name care capital properties, inc. ("ccp") (the "ccp spin-off"). the historical results of operations of the ccp properties are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying results of operations. throughout this discussion, "continuing operations" does not include properties disposed of as part of the ccp spin-off.
in september 2016, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the university affiliated life science and innovation real estate assets of wexford science & technology, llc ("wexford") from affiliates of blackstone real estate partners viii, l.p. (the "life sciences acquisition"). as a result, we renamed our mob operations reportable business segment "office operations," which now includes both mobs and life science and innovation centers.
as of december 31, 2017, we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and office operations. under our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the united states and the united kingdom and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under "triple-net" or "absolute-net" leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. in our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the united states and canada and engage independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, to manage those communities. in our office operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage mobs and life science and innovation centers throughout the united states. information provided for "all other" includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. assets included in "all other" consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments, and miscellaneous accounts receivable. our chief operating decision makers evaluate performance of the combined properties in each reportable business segment and determine how to allocate resources to those segments, in significant part, based on segment noi and related measures. for further information regarding our business segments and a discussion of our definition of segment noi, see "note 19-segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
for the year ended                   (decrease) increase to net income december 31,
merger-related expenses and deal costs                                                                                                      (10,535    )            (24,635    )              14,100                    57.2
other                                                                                                                                       (20,052    )             (9,988    )             (10,064       )           nm income before unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations, real estate dispositions and noncontrolling interests         584,711                 518,508                   66,203                    12.8
(loss) income from unconsolidated entities                                                                                                     (561    )              4,358                   (4,919       )           nm income tax benefit                                                                                                                           59,799                  31,343                   28,456                   nm income from continuing operations                                                                                                           643,949                 554,209                   89,740                    16.2
discontinued operations                                                                                                                        (110    )               (922    )   812                                 nm gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                                            717,273                  98,203                  619,070                   nm net income                                                                                                                                1,361,112                 651,490                  709,622                   nm net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                           4,642                   2,259                   (2,383       )           nm net income attributable to common stockholders                                                                                           $1,356,470                $649,231                  707,239                   nm nm-not meaningful
segment noi-triple-net leased properties noi for our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment equals the rental income and other services revenue earned from our triple-net assets. we incur no direct operating expenses for this segment.
the following table summarizes results of operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017, but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:
for the year endeddecember 31,       decrease to segment noi
triple-net leased properties segment noi decreased in 2017 over the prior year primarily due the sale of 36 kindred snf properties during 2017, partially offset by rent increases due to contractual escalations pursuant to the terms of our leases and rent from eight seniors housing communities that we transitioned from senior living operations to triple-net leased properties during 2017.
in our triple-net leased properties segment, our revenues generally consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to annual contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms. however, occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants' operations. the following table sets forth average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2017 for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2017 (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2016 for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2016.
number of properties at december 31, 2017 (1)           average occupancyfor the trailing 12 monthsended september 30,2017 (1)         number of properties at december 31, 2016 (1)           average occupancyfor the trailing 12 monthsended september 30,2016 (1)
seniors housing communities                      418                                                                86.6                                     %                          431                                                                88.2                                     %
(1)   excludes properties included in discontinued operations and properties classified as held for sale, non-stabilized properties, properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and certain properties for which we do not receive occupancy information. also excludes properties acquired during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, and properties that transitioned operators for which we do not have eight full quarters of results subsequent to the transition.
the following table compares results of operations for our 494 same-store triple-net leased properties, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between comparison periods. with regard to our triple-net leased properties segment, "same-store" refers to properties owned, consolidated, operational and reported under a consistent business model for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017 and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase to segment noi
segment noi-senior living operations the following table summarizes results of operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017, but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:
for the year endeddecember 31,       decrease to segment noi
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                  average unit occupancyfor the year endeddecember 31,                       average monthly revenue per occupied room for the year endeddecember 31,
total communities      293                        298                       88.3            %                      90.3            %                        $5,725                                              $5,474
resident fees and services include all amounts earned from residents at our seniors housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended health care fees and other ancillary service income. our senior living operations segment revenues decreased in 2017 over the prior year primarily due to the transition of eight seniors housing communities to our triple-net leased properties segment and decreased occupancy at our seniors housing communities.
property-level operating expenses related to our senior living operations segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. property-level operating expenses increased year over year primarily due to increases in salaries, benefits, insurance and other operating expenses and the implementation of new care technologies.
the following table compares results of operations for our 285 same-store senior living operating communities, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between periods. with regard to our senior living operations segment, "same-store" refers to properties owned, consolidated, operational and reported under a consistent business model for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding properties that transitioned operators since the start of the prior comparison period, assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017 and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                  average unit occupancyfor the year endeddecember 31,                       average monthly revenue per occupied room for the year endeddecember 31,
same-store communities      285                        285                       88.3            %                      90.4            %                        $5,745                                              $5,526
segment noi-office operations the following table summarizes results of operations in our office operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017, but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:
for the year endeddecember 31,                  increase (decrease) to segment noi
office building services revenue          7,497                      13,029                     (5,532       )           (42.5       )
office building services costs           (3,391      )               (7,311      )               3,920                    53.6
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,                      annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended december 31,
total office buildings      391                        388                 92.0      %          91.7      %                             $32                                                     $31
the increase in our office operations segment rental income in 2017 over the prior year is attributed primarily to the office buildings we acquired during 2017 and 2016, partially offset by dispositions. the increase in our office building property-level operating expenses is due primarily to those acquired office buildings and increases in real estate taxes and other operating expenses, partially offset by dispositions.
office building services revenue and costs both decreased in 2017 over the prior year primarily due to decreased construction activity during 2017 compared to 2016.
the following table compares results of operations for our 350 same-store office buildings. with regard to our office operations segment, "same-store" refers to properties owned, consolidated, operational and reported under a consistent business model for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017 and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,                      annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended december 31,
same-store office buildings      350                        350                 91.3      %          92.0      %                             $31                                                     $30
interest and other income interest and other income increased $5.2 million in 2017 over the prior year as a result of fees received from a tenant in 2017 which were not associated with a lease agreement.
interest expense the $28.5 million increase in total interest expense, is attributed primarily to a $17.1 million increase in interest due to higher debt balances and an $11.3 million increase due to higher effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. our effective interest rate was 3.7% for 2017, compared to 3.6% for 2016.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense related to continuing operations decreased during 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to a decrease in amortization related to certain lease intangibles that were fully amortized during the third quarter of 2016, partially offset by a full year of depreciation and amortization related to the september 2016 life sciences acquisition.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2017 resulted primarily from the repayment of term loans and the replacement of our previous $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2016 was due to our redemption and repayment of $550.0 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 1.55% senior notes due 2016 and term loan repayments in 2016.
merger-related expenses and deal costs merger-related expenses and deal costs consist of transition, integration, deal and severance-related expenses primarily related to pending and consummated transactions required by gaap to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. the $14.1 million decrease in merger-related expenses and deal costs in 2017 over the prior year is primarily due to the september 2016 life sciences acquisition.
other the $10.1 million increase in other for 2017 over 2016 is primarily due to charges related to natural disasters. we have insurance coverage to mitigate the financial impact of these types of events. however, there can be no assurance regarding the amount or timing of any insurance recoveries. such recoveries will be recognized when collection is deemed probable.
income from unconsolidated entities the $4.9 million decrease in income from unconsolidated entities for 2017 over 2016 is primarily due to our share of net losses related to certain unconsolidated entities in 2017 partially offset by the february 2017 fair value re-measurement of our previously held equity interest, resulting in a gain on re-measurement of $3.0 million. refer to "note 7-investments in unconsolidated entities" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
income tax benefit the 2017 income tax benefit is primarily due to accounting for the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 (the "2017 tax act"), specifically a $64.5 million benefit from the reduced u.s. federal corporate tax rate on net deferred tax liabilities and an offsetting expense of $23.3 million to establish a valuation allowance on deferred interest carryforwards, losses of certain trs entities and the release of a tax reserve. the 2016 income tax benefit was due primarily to losses of certain trs entities, the reversal of a net deferred tax liability at one trs and the release of a tax reserve. the trs losses were mainly attributable to the depreciation and amortization of fixed and intangible assets recorded as deferred tax liabilities in purchase accounting.
gain on real estate dispositions the increase of $619.1 million in gain on real estate dispositions for 2017 over 2016 is due primarily to the sale of 36 kindred snfs in 2017.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of $2.4 million for 2017 over 2016 is primarily due to the september 2016 life sciences acquisition.
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
for the year endeddecember 31,                   increase (decrease) to net income
merger-related expenses and deal costs                                                                                                   (24,635      )             (102,944      )              78,309                    76.1
income before unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations, real estate dispositions and noncontrolling interest       518,508                     351,675                    166,833                    47.4
income (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                                                                                 4,358                      (1,420      )               5,778                      nm income tax benefit                                                                                                                        31,343                      39,284                     (7,941       )           (20.2       )
discontinued operations                                                                                                                     (922      )               11,103                    (12,025       )              nm gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                                          98,203                      18,580                     79,623                      nm net income                                                                                                                               651,490                     419,222                    232,268                    55.4
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                                        2,259                       1,379                       (880       )           (63.8       )
segment noi-triple-net leased properties the following table summarizes results of operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2016, but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase to segment noi
the following table compares results of operations for our 511 same-store triple-net leased properties, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between comparison periods. with regard to our triple-net leased properties segment, "same-store" refers to properties owned, consolidated, operational and reported under a consistent business model for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2016 and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase to segment noi
segment noi-senior living operations the following table summarizes results of operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2016, but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                    average unitoccupancy forthe yearendeddecember 31,                   averagemonthly revenue per occupied room forthe yearendeddecember 31,
total communities      298                        305                       90.3            %                      91.2            %                      $5,474                                          $5,255
resident fees and services increased in 2016 over the prior year primarily due to seniors housing communities we acquired during 2015 and an increase in average monthly revenue per occupied room, partially offset by decreased occupancy at our seniors housing communities.
property-level operating expenses also increased year over year primarily due to the acquired properties described above and increases in salaries, bonus, benefits, insurance, real estate tax expenses and other operating expenses.
the following table compares results of operations for our 262 same-store senior living operating communities, unadjusted for foreign currency movements between periods. with regard to our senior living operations segment, "same-store" refers to properties that we owned and were operational for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding properties that transitioned operators since the start of the prior comparison period, assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2016 and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                    average unitoccupancy forthe yearendeddecember 31,                   averagemonthly revenue per occupied room forthe yearendeddecember 31,
same-store communities      262                        262                       90.4            %                      91.1            %                      $5,578                                          $5,379
segment noi-office operations the following table summarizes results of operations in our office operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2016, but excluding assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations:
for the year endeddecember 31,                  increase (decrease) to segment noi
office building services revenue         13,029                      34,436                    (21,407       )           (62.2       )
office building services costs           (7,311      )              (26,565      )              19,254                    72.5
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,                      annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended december 31,
total office buildings      388                        369                 91.7      %          91.7      %                             $31                                                     $29
the increase in our office operations segment rental income in 2016 over the prior year is attributed primarily to the mobs we acquired during 2016 and 2015 and the life sciences acquisition, as well as in-place lease escalations. the increase in our office building property-level operating expenses is due primarily to those acquired mobs and life science and innovation centers and increases in real estate taxes and other operating expenses.
office building services revenue and costs both decreased in 2016 over the prior year primarily due to decreased construction activity during 2016 compared to 2015.
the following table compares results of operations for our 272 same-store office buildings. with regard to our office operations segment, "same-store" refers to properties owned, consolidated, operational and reported under a consistent business model for the full period in both comparison periods, excluding assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2016 and assets whose operations were classified as discontinued operations.
for the year endeddecember 31,       (decrease) increase to segment noi
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,                      annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended december 31,
same-store office buildings      272                        272                 90.6      %          91.2      %                             $31                                                     $31
segment noi - all other all other increased in 2016 over the prior year due primarily to a february 2016 $140.0 million secured mezzanine loan investment that has an annual interest rate of 9.95%, partially offset by decreased interest income due to loans repaid during 2016.
interest expense the $7.8 million decrease in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of $60.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, is attributed primarily to an $11.5 million reduction in interest due to lower debt balances, partially offset by a $3.7 million increase due to higher effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. our effective interest rate was 3.63% for 2016, compared to 3.60% for 2015.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2016 and 2015 resulted primarily from various debt repayments we made to improve our credit profile. the 2016 activity related to the redemption and repayment of the $550.0 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 1.55% senior notes due 2016 and term loan repayments. the 2015 repayments were made primarily with proceeds from the distribution paid to us at the time of the ccp spin-off.
merger-related expenses and deal costs the $78.3 million decrease in merger-related expenses and deal costs in 2016 over the prior year is primarily due to the january 2015 acquisition of american realty capital healthcare trust, inc. and the august 2015 acquisition of ardent health services, inc., partially offset by costs incurred relating to the september 2016 life sciences acquisition.
income tax benefit income tax benefit for 2016 was due primarily to losses of certain trs entities, the reversal of a net deferred tax liability at one trs and the release of a tax reserve. income tax benefit for 2015 was due primarily to the income tax benefit of ordinary losses of certain trs entities. the trs losses were mainly attributable to the depreciation and amortization of fixed and intangible assets recorded as deferred tax liabilities in purchase accounting.
discontinued operations discontinued operations for 2016 reflects $0.9 million of separation costs relating to the ccp spin-off. discontinued operations for 2015 are primarily the result of $46.4 million of transaction and separation costs associated with the ccp spin-off and net income for the ccp operations from january 1, 2015 through august 17, 2015, the date of the ccp spin-off.
gain on real estate dispositions the $79.6 million increase in gain on real estate dispositions in 2016 over the same period in 2015 primarily relates to the 2016 sale of one triple-net leased property.
non-gaap financial measures we consider certain non-gaap financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. a non-gaap financial measure is a measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not so excluded from or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. described below are the non-gaap financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, together with reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
the non-gaap financial measures we present in this annual report on form 10-k may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. you should not consider these measures as alternatives to net income or income from continuing operations (both determined in accordance with gaap) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with gaap) as measures of our liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine these measures in conjunction with net income and income from continuing operations as presented in our consolidated financial statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
funds from operations and normalized funds from operations historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. however, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. for that reason, we consider funds from operations ("ffo") and normalized ffo to be appropriate supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity reit. in particular, we believe that normalized ffo is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by non-recurring items and other non-operational events such as transactions and litigation. in some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of ffo and normalized ffo because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results.
we use the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") definition of ffo. nareit defines ffo as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with gaap), excluding gains or losses from sales of real estate property, including gains or losses on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect ffo on the same basis. we define normalized ffo as ffo excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or
additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses, the non-cash impact of changes to our executive equity compensation plan and derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our consolidated statements of income; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs and charitable donations made to the ventas charitable foundation; (e) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions and other unusual items related to unconsolidated entities; (g) expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements and related matters; and (h) net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters. we believe that income from continuing operations is the most comparable gaap measure because it provides insight into our continuing operations.
the following table summarizes our ffo and normalized ffo for each of the five years ended december 31, 2017. our normalized ffo for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased over the prior year due primarily to improved property performance and accretive investments.
for the years ended december 31,
gain on real estate dispositions                                                   717,273                  98,203                  18,580                  17,970                       -
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                  4,642                   2,259                   1,379                   1,234                   1,160
real estate depreciation related to noncontrolling interests                        (7,565   )              (7,785   )              (7,906   )             (10,314   )             (10,512   )
real estate depreciation related to unconsolidated entities                          4,231                   5,754                   7,353                   5,792                   6,543
(gain) loss on real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities          (1,057   )                (439   )                  19                       -                       -
(gain) loss on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net              (3,027   )                   -                     176                       -                  (1,241   )
gain on real estate dispositions related to noncontrolling interests                    18                       -                       -                       -                       -
gain on real estate dispositions                                                  (717,273   )             (98,203   )             (18,580   )             (17,970   )                   -
loss (gain) on real estate dispositions                                                  -                       1                    (231   )              (1,494   )              (4,059   )
depreciation on real estate assets                                                       -                       -                  79,608                 103,250                 139,973
change in fair value of financial instruments                                          (41   )                  62                     460                   5,121       449
non-cash income tax benefit                                                        (22,387   )             (34,227   )             (42,384   )              (9,431   )             (11,828   )
gain on non-real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities                (39   )                (557   )                   -                       -                       -
merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs                              14,823                  28,290                 152,344                  54,389                  21,560
other items related to unconsolidated entities                                       3,188                       -                       -                       -                       -
non-cash impact of changes to equity plan                                            5,453                       -                       -                       -                       -
adjusted ebitda we consider adjusted ebitda an important supplemental measure because it provides another manner in which to evaluate our operating performance and serves as another indicator of our credit strength and our ability to service our debt obligations. we define adjusted ebitda as consolidated earnings, which includes amounts in discontinued operations, before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, our consolidated joint venture partners' share of ebitda, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements, net gains or losses on real estate activity, gains or losses on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, changes in the fair value of financial instruments, unrealized foreign currency gains or losses and net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters, and including our share of ebitda from unconsolidated entities and adjustments for other immaterial or identified items. the following table sets forth a reconciliation of income from continuing operations to adjusted ebitda for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:
for the years ended december 31,
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                                717,273                    98,203                    18,580
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                               4,642                     2,259                     1,379
merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs                                                                           12,653                    25,141                   150,290
net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, net of consolidated joint venture partners' share of ebitda         (12,975    )              (12,654    )              (12,722    )
(income) loss from unconsolidated entities, net of ventas share of ebitda from unconsolidated entities                           32,219                    25,246                    18,806
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                               (717,273    )              (98,202    )              (18,811    )
unrealized foreign currency gains                                                                                                  (612    )               (1,440    )               (1,727    )
changes in fair value of financial instruments                                                                                      (61    )   51                                       460
(gain) loss on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net                                                           (3,027    )                    -                       176
adjusted ebitda                                                                                                              $1,985,129                $1,900,645                $1,952,358
noi we also consider noi an important supplemental measure because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. we define noi as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and office building services costs. cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other gaap policies. the following table sets forth a reconciliation of income
from continuing operations to noi for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:
for the years ended december 31,
gain on real estate dispositions                            717,273                    98,203                    18,580
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests           4,642                     2,259                     1,379
merger-related expenses and deal costs                       10,645                    25,556                   149,346
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests           4,642                     2,259                     1,499
loss (income) from unconsolidated entities                      561                    (4,358    )                1,420
income tax benefit                                          (59,799    )              (31,343    )              (39,284    )
gain on real estate dispositions                           (717,273    )              (98,202    )              (18,811    )
asset/liability management asset/liability management, a key element of enterprise risk management, is designed to support the achievement of our business strategy, while ensuring that we maintain appropriate and tolerable levels of market risk (primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk) and credit risk. effective management of these risks is a contributing factor to the absolute levels and variability of our ffo and net worth. the following discussion addresses our integrated management of assets and liabilities, including the use of derivative financial instruments.
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates with respect to borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and marketable debt securities. these market risks result primarily from changes in libor rates or prime rates. to manage these risks, we continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our assessment of current and future economic conditions.
the table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts.
unsecured revolving credit facility                      535,832                   146,538                   180,683
secured revolving construction credit facility             2,868                         -                         -
unsecured revolving credit facility                          4.7                       1.3                       1.6
secured revolving construction credit facility               0.0                         -                         -
unsecured revolving credit facility                          2.3                       1.9                       1.4
secured revolving construction credit facility               3.1                         -                         -
(1)   excludes mortgage debt of $57.4 million and $22.9 million related to real estate assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017 and 2015, respectively. all amounts were included in liabilities related to assets held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets.
the variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $549.9 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from march 2018 to january 2023 that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. in addition, the fixed rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $250.9 million notional amount of interest rate
swaps with maturities ranging from october 2018 to september 2027, in each case that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.
in february 2016, we entered into a $200 million notional amount interest rate swap with a maturity of august 3, 2020 that effectively converts libor-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt, setting libor at 1.132% through the maturity date of the swap.
in july 2016, we entered into $225 million notional forward starting swaps that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates between july and the september issuance of 3.25% senior notes due 2026. on the issuance date, we realized a gain of $1.9 million from these swaps that is being recognized over the life of the notes using an effective interest method.
in january and february 2017, we entered into a total of $275 million of notional forward starting swaps with an effective date of april 3, 2017 that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates related to changes in rates between the trade dates of the swaps and the forecasted issuance of long-term debt. the rate on the notional amounts was locked at a weighted average rate of 2.33%. in march 2017, these swaps were terminated in conjunction with the issuance of the 3.850% senior notes due 2027, which resulted in a $0.8 million gain that is being recognized over the life of the notes using the effective interest method.
in march 2017, we entered into interest rate swaps totaling a notional amount of $400.0 million with a maturity of january 15, 2023, effectively converting fixed rate debt to three month libor-based floating rate debt.  as a result, we will receive a fixed rate on the swap of 3.10% and will pay a floating rate equal to three month libor plus a weighted average swap spread of 0.98%.
in june 2017, we entered into a total of $125 million of notional forward starting swaps with an effective date of january 15, 2018 and a maturity of january 15, 2028, that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates related to changes in rates between the trade dates of the swaps and the forecasted issuance of long-term debt. the rate on the notional amounts was locked at a weighted average rate of 2.1832%.
in december 2017, we entered into a total of $75 million of notional forward starting swaps with an effective date of february 15, 2018 and a maturity of february 15, 2028, that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates related to changes in rates between the trade dates of the swaps and the forecasted issuance of long-term debt.  the rate on the notional amounts was locked at a weighted average rate of 2.3705%
the increase in our outstanding variable rate debt at december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016 is primarily attributable to the $400.0 million notional amount interest rate swap mentioned above and increased borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, partially offset by term loan repayments.
pursuant to the terms of certain leases with one of our tenants, if interest rates increase on certain variable rate debt that we have totaling $80.0 million as of december 31, 2017, our tenant is required to pay us additional rent (on a dollar-for-dollar basis) in an amount equal to the increase in interest expense resulting from the increased interest rates. therefore, the increase in interest expense related to this debt is equally offset by an increase in additional rent due to us from the tenant. assuming a 100 basis point increase in the weighted average interest rate related to our variable rate debt and assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of december 31, 2017, interest expense for 2018 would increase by approximately $18.2 million, or $0.05 per diluted common share.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, our joint venture partners' aggregate share of total debt was $76.7 million and $80.9 million, respectively, with respect to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures. total debt does not include our portion of debt related to investments in unconsolidated entities, which was $90.3 million and $122.0 million as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
the fair value of our fixed and variable rate debt is based on current interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. for fixed rate debt, interest rate fluctuations generally affect the fair value, but not our earnings or cash flows. therefore, interest rate risk does not have a significant impact on our fixed rate debt obligations until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. if interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs.
to highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points in interest rates as of december 31, 2017 and 2016:
gross book value                                        $9,428,886                $9,481,101
fair value(1)                                            9,640,893                 9,600,621
fair value reflecting change in interest rates(1):
(1)   the change in fair value of our fixed rate debt from december 31, 2016 to december 31, 2017 was due primarily to changes in the fair market value interest rates and 2017 senior note issuances, partially offset by repayments of senior notes and fixed rate mortgage debt.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, the fair value of our secured and non-mortgage loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing rates for comparable loans, was $1.3 billion and $709.6 million, respectively. see "note 6-loans receivable and investments" and "note 11-fair values of financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
as a result of our canadian and united kingdom operations, we are subject to fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and operating performance. based solely on our results for the year ended december 31, 2017 (including the impact of existing hedging arrangements), if the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and canadian dollar were to increase or decrease by one standard deviation compared to the average exchange rate during the year, our normalized ffo per share for the year ended december 31, 2017 would decrease or increase, as applicable, by less than $0.01 per share or 0.1%. we will continue to mitigate these risks through a layered approach to hedging looking out for the next year and continual assessment of our foreign operational capital structure. nevertheless, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have an effect on our earnings.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, the amount of foreign currency translation loss included in accumulated other comprehensive loss on our consolidated balance sheets decreased by $20.6 million, primarily as a result of the remeasurement of our properties located in the united kingdom.
concentration and credit risk we use concentration ratios to identify, understand and evaluate the potential impact of economic downturns and other adverse events that may affect our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. we evaluate concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model. the following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented:
investment mix by asset type(1):
seniors housing communities                          60.2   %          61.8     %
life science and innovation centers                   7.4               6.1
health systems                                        5.4               5.6
secured loans receivable and investments, net         4.9               2.7
investment mix by tenant, operator and manager(1):
(1)   ratios are based on the gross book value of consolidated real estate investments (excluding properties classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date.
for the year endeddecember 31,
operations mix by tenant and operator and business model:
adjusted ebitda(3):
california                                                  15.3   %          15.3     %        15.4     %
(1)   total revenues include medical office building and other services revenue, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (excluding amounts in discontinued operations and including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale).
(2)   excludes one seniors housing community included in the senior living operations reportable business segment.
(5)   ratios are based on total revenues (excluding amounts in discontinued operations and including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale) for each period presented.
see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional disclosure and reconciliations of income from continuing operations, as computed in accordance with gaap, to adjusted ebitda and noi, respectively.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases in which the rental rate is generally fixed with annual escalators, subject to certain limitations. some of our triple-net lease escalators are contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the consumer price index ("cpi"), with caps, floors or collars. we also earn revenues directly from individual residents in our seniors housing communities that are managed by independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, and tenants in our office buildings. for the year ended december 31, 2017, 52.9% of our adjusted ebitda (including amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from our senior living operations and office operations, for which rental rates may fluctuate more frequently upon lease rollovers and renewals due to shorter term leases and changing economic or market conditions.
the concentration of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income that are attributed to brookdale senior living, ardent and kindred creates credit risk. if any of brookdale senior living, ardent or kindred becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof, our financial condition and results of operations could decline, and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be impaired. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-our leases and other agreements with brookdale senior living, ardent and kindred account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living, ardent or kindred to satisfy its obligations under our agreements could have a material adverse effect on us" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k and "note 3-concentration of credit risk" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we regularly monitor and assess any changes in the relative credit risk of our significant tenants, and in particular those tenants that have recourse obligations under our triple-net leases. the ratios and metrics we use to evaluate a significant tenant's liquidity and creditworthiness depend on facts and circumstances specific to that tenant and the industry or industries in which it operates, including without limitation the tenant's credit history and economic conditions related to the tenant, its operations and the markets in which the tenant operates, that may vary over time. among other things, we may (i) review and analyze information regarding the real estate, seniors housing and healthcare industries generally, publicly available information regarding the significant tenant, and information required to be provided by the tenant under the terms of its lease agreements with us, (ii) examine monthly and/or quarterly financial statements of the significant tenant to the extent publicly available or otherwise provided under the terms of our lease agreements, and (iii) participate in periodic discussions and in-person meetings with representatives of the significant tenant.  using this information, we calculate multiple financial ratios (which may, but do not necessarily, include net debt to ebitdar or ebitdarm, fixed charge coverage and tangible net worth), after making certain adjustments based on our judgment, and assess other metrics we deem relevant to an understanding of the significant tenant's credit risk.
because atria and sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. however, we rely on our managers' personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. we also rely on atria and sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financials results for our properties in a timely manner and otherwise operate our seniors housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, atria's or sunrise's failure, inability or unwillingness to satisfy its respective obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-the properties managed by atria and sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; adverse developments in atria's or sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us" and "-we have rights to terminate our management agreements with atria and sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace atria or sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
our 34% ownership interest in atria entitles us to certain rights and minority protections, as well as the right to appoint two of six members on the atria board of directors.
triple-net lease expirations if our tenants are not able or willing to renew our triple-net leases upon expiration, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. although our lease expirations are staggered, the non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases that expire in any given year could have a material adverse effect on us. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we had no triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal that, in the aggregate, had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for that period. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-if we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us" included in part i, item ia of this annual report on form 10-k.
the following table summarizes our triple-net lease expirations currently scheduled to occur over the next ten years (excluding leases related to assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2017):
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2017, we had a total of $81.4 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, operating cash and cash related to our senior living operations and office operations reportable business segments that is deposited and held in property-level accounts. funds maintained in the property-level accounts are used primarily for the payment of property-level expenses, debt service payments and certain capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2017, we also had escrow deposits and restricted cash of $106.9 million, $2.4 billion of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility and $397.1 million of unused borrowing capacity available under our secured revolving credit facility.
during 2017, our principal sources of liquidity were cash flows from operations, proceeds from the issuance of debt securities, proceeds from asset sales and cash on hand.
for the next 12 months, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt, including $700.0 million of senior notes; (iv) fund capital expenditures; (v) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments, including development and redevelopment activities; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a reit. in addition, we may elect to prepay outstanding indebtedness prior to maturity based on our analysis of various factors. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. however, an inability to access liquidity through multiple capital sources concurrently could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our capital structure-limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
credit facilities and unsecured term loans in april 2017, we entered into an unsecured credit facility comprised of a $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, priced at libor plus 0.875%, that replaced our previous $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility priced at libor plus 1.0%. the new unsecured credit facility was also comprised of our $200.0 million term loan that was scheduled to mature in 2018 and our $278.6 million term loan that was scheduled to mature in 2019. the 2018 and 2019 term loans were priced at libor plus 1.05%. in august 2017, we used most of the proceeds from the sale of 22 snfs to repay the balances then outstanding on the 2018 and 2019 term loans, and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.5 million. see "note 5-dispositions" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the unsecured revolving credit facility matures in 2021, but may be extended at our option subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions for two additional periods of six months each. the unsecured revolving credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to $3.75 billion.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $535.8 million of borrowings outstanding, $14.5 million of letters of credit outstanding and $2.4 billion of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.
in september 2017, we entered into a new $400.0 million secured revolving construction credit facility which matures in 2022 and will be primarily used to finance life science and innovation center and other construction projects. as of december 31, 2017, we had $2.9 million borrowings outstanding under the secured revolving construction credit facility.
the agreements governing our credit facilities require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. see "note 10-senior notes payable and other debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2017.
senior notes as of december 31, 2017, we had $7.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiary, ventas realty, limited partnership ("ventas realty"), and guaranteed by ventas, inc. outstanding as follows:
•   $700.0 million principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due 2018 (co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation);
•   $600.0 million principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2019 (co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation);
•   $500.0 million principal amount of 2.700% senior notes due 2020 (co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation);
•   $700.0 million principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2021 (co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation);
•   $600.0 million principal amount of 4.25% senior notes due 2022 (co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation);
•   $500.0 million principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022 (co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation);
•   $258.8 million principal amount of 5.45% senior notes due 2043 (co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation);
•   $52.4 million principal amount of 6.90% senior notes due 2037 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder); and
•   $23.0 million principal amount of 6.59% senior notes due 2038 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder).
in addition, as of december 31, 2017, we had $0.9 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes of our wholly owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited, and guaranteed by ventas, inc. outstanding as follows:
in may 2016, ventas realty issued and sold $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due 2023 at a public offering price equal to 99.343% of par, for total proceeds of $397.4 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in june 2016, we redeemed $455.5 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 1.55% senior notes due september 2016 at a public offering price of 100.335% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million. the redemption was funded using proceeds from our may 2016 senior note issuance, cash on hand and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. in july 2016, we repaid the remaining balance then outstanding of our 1.55% senior notes due september 2016 of $94.5 million and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.3 million.
in september 2016, ventas realty issued and sold $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2026 at a public offering price equal to 99.811% of par, for total proceeds of $449.1 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in march 2017, ventas realty issued and sold $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.100% senior notes due 2023 at a public offering price equal to 99.280% of par, for total proceeds of $397.1 million before the underwriting discount and expenses, and $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.850% senior notes due 2027 at a public offering price equal to 99.196% of par, for total proceeds of $396.8 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in april 2017, we repaid in full, at par, $300.0 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 1.250% senior notes due 2017 upon maturity.
in june 2017, ventas canada finance limited issued and sold c$275.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.55% senior notes, series d due 2023 at a price equal to 99.954% of par, for total proceeds of c$274.9 million before the agent fees and expenses. the notes were offered on a private placement basis in canada. we used part of the proceeds to repay c$124.4 million on our unsecured term loan due 2019.
we may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding senior notes for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for future access to capital and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. see "note 10-senior notes payable and other debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2017.
for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, we repaid in full mortgage loans in the aggregate principal amounts of $411.4 million, $337.8 million and $461.9 million, respectively.
under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries' outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to ventas realty's and ventas canada finance limited's senior notes.
see "note 4-acquisitions of real estate property" and "note 10-senior notes payable and other debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
derivatives and hedging in february 2016, we entered into a $200 million notional amount interest rate swap with a maturity of august 3, 2020 that effectively converts libor-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt, setting libor at 1.132% through the maturity date of the swap.
in july 2016, we entered into $225 million notional forward starting swaps that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates between july and the september issuance of 3.25% senior notes due 2026. on the issuance date, we realized a gain of $1.9 million from these swaps that is being recognized over the life of the notes using an effective interest method.
in january and february 2017, we entered into a total of $275 million of notional forward starting swaps with an effective date of april 3, 2017 that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates related to changes in rates between the trade dates of the swaps and the forecasted issuance of long-term debt. the rate on the notional amounts was locked at a weighted average rate of 2.33%. in march 2017, these swaps were terminated in conjunction with the issuance of the 3.850% senior notes due 2027, which resulted in a $0.8 million gain that is being recognized over the life of the notes using the effective interest method.
in march 2017, we entered into interest rate swaps totaling a notional amount of $400 million with a maturity of january 15, 2023, effectively converting fixed rate debt to three month libor-based floating rate debt.  as a result, we will receive a fixed rate on the swap of 3.10% and will pay a floating rate equal to three month libor plus a weighted average swap spread of 0.98%.
in june 2017, we entered into a total of $125 million of notional forward starting swaps with an effective date of january 15, 2018 and a maturity of january 15, 2028, that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates related to changes in rates between the trade dates of the swaps and the forecasted issuance of long-term debt. the rate on the notional amounts was locked at a weighted average rate of 2.1832%.
in december 2017, we entered into a total of $75 million of notional forward starting swaps with an effective date of february 15, 2018 and a maturity of february 15, 2028, that reduced our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates related to changes in rates between the trade dates of the swaps and the forecasted issuance of long-term debt.  the rate on the notional amounts was locked at a weighted average rate of 2.3705%
dividends in order to continue to qualify as a reit, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our reit taxable income (excluding net capital gain). in addition, we will be subject to income tax at the regular corporate rate to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our reit taxable income, including any net capital gains. in 2017, our board of directors declared dividends on our common stock aggregating $3.115 per share, which exceeds 100% of our 2017 estimated taxable income after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards. we paid the first three quarterly installments of our 2017 dividend of $0.775 per share during 2017. in december 2017, we declared the fourth quarter cash dividend on our common stock of $0.79 per share, which was paid in january 2018. we intend to pay dividends greater than 100% of our taxable income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, for 2018.
we expect that our cash flows will exceed our reit taxable income due to depreciation and other non-cash deductions in computing reit taxable income and that we will be able to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. however, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to meet this requirement or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. if we do not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, or if we desire to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements or any combination of the foregoing.
capital expenditures the terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay all capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. however, from time to time, we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans or advances to the tenant, which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties in certain cases. we may also fund capital expenditures for which we may become responsible upon expiration of our triple-net leases or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases or capital expenditures related to our senior living operations and office operations reportable business segments. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities.
to the extent that unanticipated capital expenditure needs arise or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. our ability to borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness.
we are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop seniors housing or healthcare properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. as of december 31, 2017, we had 14 properties under development pursuant to these agreements, including four properties that are owned by unconsolidated real estate entities. in addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing seniors housing communities to maximize the value, increase noi, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property.
equity offerings and related events in march 2015, we replaced our previous shelf registration statement that was scheduled to expire in accordance with the sec's rules with a new universal shelf registration statement, rendering our previous atm program inaccessible. in connection with our new universal shelf registration statement, we established a new atm program pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of our common stock.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, we issued and sold 1.1 million shares of common stock under our atm equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of $73.9 million, after sales agent commissions. as of december 31, 2017, approximately $155.6 million of our common stock remained available for sale under our atm equity offering program.
other we received proceeds of $16.3 million and $20.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, from the exercises of outstanding stock options. future proceeds from the exercises of stock options will be affected primarily by the future trading price of our common stock and the number of options outstanding. the number of options outstanding increased to 5.0 million as of december 31, 2017, from 3.8 million as of december 31, 2016. the weighted average exercise price was $58.57 as of december 31, 2017.
cash flows the following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016:
for the years endeddecember 31,                    increase (decrease)to cash
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                         $286,707                       $53,023                 $233,684                 nm net cash provided by operating activities                               1,442,180                     1,372,341                   69,839          5.1           %
net cash used in investing activities                                    (976,517      )             (1,234,643      )           258,126          20.9
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                      (671,327      )                 96,838                 (768,165      )          nm effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents           312                          (852      )             1,164                 nm cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                $81,355                      $286,707                 (205,352      )          (71.6)
nm-not meaningful cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities increased $69.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2017 over the same period in 2016 due primarily to investments made during 2016 and 2017, partially offset by dispositions during the same periods.
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities decreased $258.1 million during 2017 over 2016 primarily due to decreased investment in real estate property during 2017 and proceeds from the 2017 sale of 36 snfs owned by us and operated by kindred, partially offset by the $700.0 million term loan we provided in march 2017 to facilitate ardent's acquisition of lhp, increases in development project expenditures and investments in unconsolidated entities and decreased loan receivable payments received during 2017.
cash flows from financing activities cash provided by financing activities decreased $768.2 million during 2017 over 2016 primarily due to increased debt repayments and decreased proceeds from the issuance of common stock during 2017, partially offset by increased senior note issuances and borrowings on our unsecured revolving credit facility during 2017 over 2016.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the effect that minimum debt (which includes principal and interest payments) and other material noncancelable commitments are expected to have on our cash flow in future periods as of december 31, 2017:
(2)   interest on variable rate debt was based on forward rates obtained as of december 31, 2017.
(5)   includes $535.8 million of borrowings outstanding on our unsecured revolving credit facility, $2.9 million of borrowings outstanding on our secured revolving construction credit facility, $700.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 4.750% senior notes due 2021, $600.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 4.25% senior notes due 2022, $500.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 3.250% senior notes due 2022 and $198.8 million outstanding principal amount of our 3.300% senior notes, series c due 2022.
(6)   includes $4.4 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes maturing between 2023 and 2045. $52.4 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.90% senior notes due 2037 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on october 1, 2027, and $23.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.59% senior notes due 2038 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on july 7 in each of 2018, 2023 and 2028.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $16.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits that are excluded from the table above, as we are unable to make a reasonable reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective tax authority.