item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business segments and organizational overview xcel energy inc. is a public utility holding company. xcel energy's operations included the activity of four utility subsidiaries that serve electric and natural gas customers in eight states. these utility subsidiaries are nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps. these utilities serve customers in portions of colorado, michigan, minnesota, new mexico, north dakota, south dakota, texas and wisconsin. along with the transco subsidiaries, wyco, a joint venture formed with cig to develop and lease natural gas pipelines, storage and compression facilities, and wgi, an interstate natural gas pipeline company, these companies comprise the regulated utility operations.
xcel energy inc.'s nonregulated subsidiaries are eloigne and capital services. eloigne invests in rental housing projects that qualify for low-income housing tax credits, and capital services procures equipment for construction of renewable generation facilities at other subsidiaries.
forward-looking statements except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. such forward-looking statements, including the 2018 eps guidance, the tcja's impact to xcel energy and its customers, long-term earnings per share and dividend growth rate, as well as assumptions and other statements identified in this document by the words "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "objective," "outlook," "plan," "project," "possible," "potential," "should," "will," "would" and similar expressions. actual results may vary materially. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. the following factors, in addition to those discussed elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended dec. 31, 2017 (including the items described under factors affecting results of operations; and the other risk factors listed from time to time by xcel energy inc. in reports filed with the sec, including "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k and exhibit 99.01 hereto), could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: general economic conditions, including inflation rates, monetary fluctuations and their impact on capital expenditures and the ability of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries to obtain financing on favorable terms; business conditions in the energy industry, including the risk of a slow down in the u.s. economy or delay in growth, recovery, trade, fiscal, taxation and environmental policies in areas where xcel energy has a financial interest; customer business conditions; actions of credit rating agencies; competitive factors including the extent and timing of the entry of additional competition in the markets served by xcel energy and its subsidiaries; unusual weather; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cyber security threats and data security breaches; state, federal and foreign legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect cost and investment recovery, have an impact on rates or have an impact on asset operation or ownership or impose environmental compliance conditions; structures that affect the speed and degree to which competition enters the electric and natural gas markets; costs and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; financial or regulatory accounting policies imposed by regulatory bodies; outcomes of regulatory proceedings; availability or cost of capital; and employee work force factors.
management's strategic priorities xcel energy's vision is to be the preferred and trusted provider of the energy our customers need. we continually evolve our business to meet the changing needs of our customers, investors and policymakers. we strive to provide our investors an attractive value proposition and our customers with safe, clean and reliable energy services at a competitive price. this mission is enabled via three key strategic priorities:
•   lead the clean energy transition;
•   enhance the customer experience; and
successful execution of our strategic objectives should allow xcel energy to continue to deliver a competitive total return for our shareholders. below is a discussion of these objectives.
lead the clean energy transition for more than a decade, we have managed the risk of climate change and increasing customer demand for renewable energy through a clean energy strategy that consistently reduces carbon emissions and transitions our operations for the future. as a result, we have successfully reduced our carbon emissions by 35 percent from 2005 to 2017. we expect to reduce our carbon footprint by 45 percent by 2021 and by 60 percent by 2030 (over 2005 levels).
our service territories benefit from the geographic concentration of favorable renewable resources. strong wind and high solar irradiance yield high generation capacity factors, which lowers the cost of these resources. the combination of high capacity factors, grid options from transmission investment and market operations, improved supply chain, technological improvements and the extension of the renewable tax credits translates into low renewable energy costs for our customers. as a result, we are able to invest in renewable generation, in which the capital costs are largely or completely offset by fuel savings. this provides us the opportunity to lower the emission profile of our generation fleet, grow our renewable portfolio and provide significant fuel savings to our customers. we call this our "steel for fuel" strategy.
we are transitioning how we produce, deliver and encourage the efficient use of energy through four primary mechanisms:
•   increasing the use of affordable renewable energy;
•   offering energy efficiency programs for customers;
•   retiring or repowering coals units and modernizing our generating plants; and
•   advancing power grid capabilities.
we have announced ambitious plans to add 3,680 mw of wind energy on our system by 2021. this includes:
in addition, the proposed cep encompasses the retirement of 660 mw from two coal-fired units at comanche and the potential addition of up to 1,000 mw of wind, 700 mw of solar and 700 mw of natural gas and/or storage.
enhance the customer experience the utility landscape is changing, and we must continue to thoughtfully anticipate and address the future needs of our stakeholders, including our customers, policymakers, employees and shareholders. adapting to this changing environment is critical to our long-term success. our customers expect to have choices, and we are committed to providing options and solutions that they want and value at a competitive price. our continued investment in clean energy is an example of this commitment to our customers. environmental stewardship remains foundational to xcel energy and our desire is to more broadly impact our customers and communities while creating shareholder value.
we will continue to expand our production of renewable energy, including wind and solar alternatives, and further develop and promote dsm, conservation and renewable programs. we are also in the process of transforming our transmission and distribution systems to accommodate increased levels of renewables, distributed energy resources and corresponding data growth, while maintaining high levels of reliability and security and keeping customer bills affordable. finally, we are improving our communications to enable customers to interact with us in the way they prefer.
keep bills low xcel energy is very focused on our customers and the impact our actions have on the bill. our objective is to keep total bill increases at or below the rate of inflation so our prices remain competitive relative to alternatives. we expect to continue to keep our customer bills low by executing on our steel for fuel plan, controlling o&m costs and promoting energy efficiency and conservation.
xcel energy is working to keep o&m expense relatively flat without compromising reliability or safety. we intend to accomplish this objective by continually improving our processes, leveraging technology, proactively managing risk and maintaining a workforce that is prepared to meet the needs of our business today and tomorrow. as a result of these actions, xcel energy's 2017 o&m was lower than 2014 levels.
provide a competitive total return to investors and maintain strong investment grade credit rating through our disciplined approach to business growth, financial investment, operations and safety, we plan to:
•   maintain senior secured debt credit ratings in the a range and senior unsecured debt credit ratings in the bbb+ to a range.
we have consistently achieved our financial objectives, meeting or exceeding our earnings guidance range for thirteen consecutive years, and we believe we are positioned to continue to deliver on our value proposition. our ongoing earnings have grown approximately 5.9 percent and our dividend has grown approximately 4.4 percent annually from 2005 through 2017. in addition, our current senior unsecured debt credit ratings for xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries are in the bbb+ to a range, while our secured operating company debt ratings are in the a range. although the tcja placed pressure on our credit metrics, we are taking steps to retain the health of our credit ratings.
responsible by nature we understand the important role we play as a member of society: meeting a basic need, taking great care of the investments made in our company and engaging with our communities in ways that helps them thrive. we believe energy is a critical service for all people; one that enhances quality of life and enables economic progress. we know our investors and their customers are putting their faith in us to create economic value for them and their families over the long term, and we will continue to prepare for tomorrow to retain their trust in us. we exist because of the families, businesses and cities that rely on us, and we are privileged to serve them. we see our success not simply as a measure of profit but also as our broader impact on the public good.
financial review the following discussion and analysis by management focuses on those factors that had a material effect on xcel energy's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows during the periods presented, or are expected to have a material impact in the future. it should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related notes to consolidated financial statements.
the only common equity securities that are publicly traded are common shares of xcel energy inc. the diluted earnings and eps of each subsidiary as well as the roe of each subsidiary discussed below do not represent a direct legal interest in the assets and liabilities allocated to such subsidiary, but rather represent a direct interest in our assets and liabilities as a whole. ongoing diluted eps and ongoing roe for xcel energy and by subsidiary are financial measures not recognized under gaap. ongoing diluted eps is calculated by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the controlling interest of each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by the weighted average fully diluted xcel energy inc. common shares outstanding for the period. ongoing roe is calculated by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the controlling interest of xcel energy or each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by each entity's average common stockholders' or stockholder's equity. we use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate and provide details of earnings results. we believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of our subsidiaries. these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to measures calculated and reported in accordance with gaap.
results of operations the following tables summarize diluted eps for xcel energy at dec. 31:
equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries (a)                0.07                     (0.04      )                  0.03                                 0.05                            0.04              -                                                          0.04
regulated utility (b)                                            $2.47                    $(0.03      )                 $2.45                                $2.35                           $2.06              $0.16                                                     $2.21
xcel energy's management believes that ongoing earnings provide a meaningful comparison of earnings results and is representative of xcel energy's fundamental core earnings power. xcel energy's management uses ongoing earnings internally for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the board of directors, in determining whether performance targets are met for performance-based compensation and when communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors.
2017 adjustment to gaap earnings impact of the tcja - xcel energy recognized an estimated one-time, non-cash, income tax expense of approximately $23 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 for net excess deferred tax assets which may not be recovered from customers or not attributable to regulated operations, increased valuation allowances, etc. due to the enactment of the tcja in december 2017. the income tax expense associated with the tcja enactment has been excluded from xcel energy's 2017 ongoing earnings, given the non-recurring nature of the tcja's broad and sweeping reform of the irc. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
2015 adjustment to gaap earnings loss on monticello lcm/epu project - in march 2015, the mpuc approved full recovery, including a return, on $415 million of the project costs, inclusive of afudc, but only allowed recovery of the remaining $333 million of costs with no return on this portion of the investment for 2015 and beyond. as a result of this decision, xcel energy recorded a pre-tax charge of approximately $129 million, or $79 million net of tax, in the first quarter of 2015. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
earnings adjusted for certain items
2017 comparison with 2016
xcel energy - gaap earnings increased $0.04 per share for 2017. ongoing earnings increased $0.09 per share, excluding the impact of the tcja. earnings were higher as a result of increased electric and natural gas margins to recover infrastructure investments, reduced o&m expenses, a lower etr and higher afudc. these positive factors were partially offset by increased depreciation expense, interest charges and property taxes.
nsp-minnesota - gaap earnings were flat for 2017. ongoing earnings increased $0.05 per share, excluding the impact of the tcja. the change reflects higher electric margins driven by a 2017 minnesota rate increase as well as increased gas margins, a lower etr and reduced o&m expenses. the decrease in the etr is largely driven by resolution of irs appeals/audits and an increase in wind ptcs, which are flowed back to customers and reduce electric margin. lower o&m expenses primarily relate to reduced expenses for nuclear refueling outages and overhauls at generation facilities. these positive factors were partially offset by higher depreciation expense due to increased invested capital as well as prior year amortization of minnesota's excess depreciation reserve and higher property taxes.
psco - gaap earnings increased $0.06 per share for 2017. ongoing earnings increased $0.03 per share, excluding the impact of the tcja. the increase in earnings was driven by higher electric and natural gas margins, increased afudc primarily related to the rush creek wind project, a decrease in o&m expenses (timing of generation outages) and a lower etr, partially offset by higher depreciation expense, interest charges and the impact of unfavorable weather.
sps - gaap earnings increased $0.01 per share for 2017. ongoing earnings were flat, excluding the impact of the tcja. rate increases in texas and new mexico and a lower etr were offset by higher depreciation expense (representing continued investment), o&m expenses (including the prior year deferrals associated with the texas 2016 rate case), property taxes and the impact of unfavorable weather.
nsp-wisconsin - gaap and ongoing earnings increased $0.02 per share for 2017. the change in ongoing earnings was driven by a rise in electric and natural gas rates, partially offset by additional depreciation expense related to continued transmission and distribution investments and higher o&m expenses.
equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries - gaap earnings increased $0.02 per share for 2017. ongoing earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries decreased $0.02 per share, excluding the impact of the tcja. the decline primarily related to lower revenues due to lower rates at our wyco subsidiary, which develops and leases natural gas pipelines, storage and compression facilities.
2016 comparison with 2015
xcel energy - 2016 gaap earnings increased due to the 2015 loss on monticello lcm/epu project; see note 12 for further information. ongoing earnings increased $0.12 per share (gaap earnings increased $0.28 per share). increases in electric and natural gas margins were primarily driven by higher rates and riders across various jurisdictions to recover our capital investments and the favorable impact of weather as compared with the previous year. these positive factors and a lower etr were partially offset by higher depreciation, interest charges and property taxes.
nsp-minnesota - 2016 gaap earnings increased due to the 2015 loss on monticello lcm/epu project; see note 12 for further information. ongoing earnings increased $0.11 per share due to the following: higher electric margins primarily driven by an interim electric rate increase in minnesota (net of estimated provision for refund); non-fuel riders; the favorable impact of weather; and a lower etr. these positive factors were partially offset by higher depreciation, o&m expenses, interest charges and property taxes.
psco - earnings decreased $0.01 per share for 2016. the positive impact of higher natural gas margins (primarily due to a rate increase), sales growth and a lower estimated electric earnings test refund, were more than offset by increased depreciation and interest charges.
sps - earnings increased $0.05 per share for 2016. higher electric margins and lower o&m expenses were partially offset by an increase in depreciation and interest charges.
nsp-wisconsin - earnings decreased $0.01 per share for 2016. the positive impact of higher electric margins (primarily driven by an electric rate increase) was more than offset by higher o&m expenses and depreciation.
equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries - earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries increased $0.01 per share in 2016 due to facility expansion and increased revenue at wyco.
xcel energy inc. and other - xcel energy inc. and other includes financing costs at the holding company and other items.
changes in diluted eps the following tables summarize significant components contributing to the changes in 2017 eps compared with the same period in 2016 and 2016 eps compared with the same period in 2015:
components of change - 2017 vs. 2016
higher afudc - equity                                     0.03
equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries           (0.02    )
(a)   includes an increase of $23 million in revenues from conservation and dsm programs, offset by related expenses, for the twelve months ended dec. 31, 2017.
(b)   the etr includes the impact of an additional $20 million of wind ptcs for the twelve months ended dec. 31, 2017, which are largely flowed back to customers through electric margin, as well as the impact of the tcja recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017.
components of change - 2016 vs. 2015
the following tables summarize the roe for xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries at dec. 31:
the following tables provide reconciliations of gaap earnings (net income) to ongoing earnings and gaap diluted eps to ongoing diluted eps for the years ended dec. 31:
statement of income analysis the following discussion summarizes the items that affected the individual revenue and expense items reported in the consolidated statements of income.
estimated impact of temperature changes on regulated earnings - unusually hot summers or cold winters increase electric and natural gas sales, while mild weather reduces electric and natural gas sales. the estimated impact of weather on earnings is based on the number of customers, temperature variances and the amount of natural gas or electricity the average customer historically uses per degree of temperature. accordingly, deviations in weather from normal levels can affect xcel energy's financial performance.
degree-day or temperature-humidity index (thi) data is used to estimate amounts of energy required to maintain comfortable indoor temperature levels based on each day's average temperature and humidity. heating degree-days (hdd) is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65° fahrenheit. cooling degree-days (cdd) is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature rises above 65° fahrenheit. each degree of temperature above 65° fahrenheit is counted as one cdd, and each degree of temperature below 65° fahrenheit is counted as one hdd. in xcel energy's more humid service territories, a thi is used in place of cdd, which adds a humidity factor to cdd. hdd, cdd and thi are most likely to impact the usage of xcel energy's residential and commercial customers. industrial customers are less sensitive to weather.
normal weather conditions are defined as either the 20-year or 30-year average of actual historical weather conditions. the historical period of time used in the calculation of normal weather differs by jurisdiction, based on regulatory practice. to calculate the impact of weather on demand, a demand factor is applied to the weather impact on sales as defined above to derive the amount of demand associated with the weather impact.
weather - the following table summarizes the estimated impact of temperature variations on eps compared with normal weather conditions:
firm natural gas                                (0.023      )       (0.025    )           0.002        (0.018        )           (0.007      )
total (adjusted for recovery from decoupling)   $(0.037     )      $(0.023    )       $(0.014     )    $(0.038       )           $0.015
sales growth (decline) - the following tables summarize xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries' sales growth (decline) for actual and weather-normalized sales for the years ended dec. 31, compared with the previous year:
firm natural gas sales        9.3                      (2.2   )         n/a               11.3                  2.1
firm natural gas sales        4.7                        0.6             n/a               5.7                  2.2
nsp-minnesota             psco              sps          nsp-wisconsin          xcel energy weather-normalized - adjusted for leap day electric residential (a)                           (0.5       )%        (1.3   )%        (1.0   )%           0.6        %         (0.8      )%
firm natural gas sales                       5.2                         1.1              n/a                6.3                   2.7
(b)   the estimated impact of the 2016 leap day is excluded to present a more comparable year-over-year presentation. the estimated impact of the additional day of sales in 2016 was approximately 0.3 percent for retail electric and 0.5 percent for firm natural gas for the twelve months ended.
•   nsp-minnesota's residential sales decrease was a result of lower use per customer, partially offset by customer growth. the decline in commercial and industrial (c&amp;i) sales was largely due to reduced usage, which offset an increase in the number of customers. declines in services more than offset increased sales to large customers in manufacturing and energy industries.
•   psco's decline in residential sales reflects lower use per customer, partially offset by customer additions. c&amp;i growth was mainly due to an increase in customers and higher use for large c&amp;i customers that support the mining, oil and natural gas industries, partially offset by lower use for the small c&amp;i class.
•   sps' residential sales fell largely due to lower use per customer. the increase in c&amp;i sales reflects customer additions and greater use for large c&amp;i customers driven by the oil and natural gas industry in the permian basin.
•   nsp-wisconsin's residential sales increase was primarily attributable to higher use per customer and customer additions. c&amp;i growth was largely due to higher use per customer and increased sales to customers in the sand mining industry and large customers in the energy and manufacturing industries.
•   across service territories, higher natural gas sales reflect an increase in the number of customers, partially offset by a decline in customer use.
weather-normalized sales for 2018 are projected to be within a range of 0 percent to 0.5 percent over 2017 levels for retail electric customers and 0 percent to 0.5 percent below 2017 levels for firm natural gas customers.
firm natural gas sales              (4.1   )            (1.1   )         n/a              (7.4   )             (2.4   )
firm natural gas sales              (0.3   )            (0.2   )         n/a             (4.3   )             (0.5   )
nsp-minnesota             psco              sps          nsp-wisconsin          xcel energy weather-normalized - adjusted for leap day electric residential (a)                       (0.2   )%             1.6   %         (1.6   )%          (0.6   )%              0.3   %
firm natural gas sales                         (0.8   )             (0.7   )          n/a               (4.8   )              (1.0   )
(b)   the estimated impact of the 2016 leap day is excluded to present a more comparable year-over-year presentation. the estimated impact of the additional day of sales in 2016 was approximately 0.2 percent to 0.4 percent for retail electric and 0.5 percent for firm natural gas for the twelve months ended.
•   nsp-minnesota's residential sales decreased as a result of lower use per customer, partially offset by customer additions. c&amp;i sales declined primarily as a result of lower use by customers in the manufacturing and service industries.
•   psco's residential growth reflects an increased number of customers. the c&amp;i decline was mainly due to lower sales to certain large customers in the manufacturing, mining, oil and gas industries. the decline was partially offset by an increase in the number of small c&amp;i customers.
•   sps' residential sales decline was primarily the result of lower use per customer, partially offset by an increased number of customers. the increase in c&amp;i sales was driven by energy sector expansion in the southeastern new mexico, permian basin area as well as greater use by agricultural customers.
•   nsp-wisconsin's residential sales decrease was primarily attributable to lower use per customer, partially offset by customer additions. the c&amp;i decline was largely due to reduced sales to small customers. the overall decrease was partially offset by an increase in the number of c&amp;i customers as well as greater use in the large c&amp;i class for the oil and gas industries.
•   across natural gas service territories, lower natural gas sales reflect a decline in customer use, partially offset by a slight increase in the number of customers.
electric revenues and margin electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by fluctuation in the price of natural gas, coal and uranium used in the generation of electricity. however, these price fluctuations have minimal impact on electric margin due to fuel recovery mechanisms that recover fuel expenses. the following table details the electric revenues and margin:
the following tables summarize the components of the changes in electric revenues and electric margin for the years ended dec. 31:
purchased capacity costs                                                          8
wholesale transmission revenue, net of costs                                    (38      )
(a)   increase is primarily due to interim rates in minnesota (net of estimated provision for refund) and final rates in wisconsin and new mexico.
transmission revenue, net of costs                                           14
firm wholesale                                                              (12      )
(a)   increase is primarily due to interim rates in minnesota (net of estimated provision for refund) and final rates in wisconsin and new mexico.
natural gas revenues and margin total natural gas expense varies with changing sales requirements and the cost of natural gas. however, fluctuations in the cost of natural gas has minimal impact on natural gas margin due to natural gas cost recovery mechanisms. the following table details natural gas revenues and margin:
the following tables summarize the components of the changes in natural gas revenues and natural gas margin for the years ended dec. 31:
infrastructure and integrity riders                                      18
infrastructure and integrity riders                        $18
infrastructure and integrity riders                                      (5      )
infrastructure and integrity riders                                      (5      )
non-fuel operating expenses and other items o&m expenses - o&m expenses decreased $23 million, or 1.0 percent, for 2017 compared with 2016. the significant changes are summarized in the table below:
plant generation costs                                   (23      )
transmission costs                                        (2      )
employee benefits expense                                 17
electric distribution costs                                2
•   nuclear plant operations and amortization expenses are lower mostly due to reduced refueling outage costs and operating efficiencies;
•   plant generation costs decreased as a result of lower expenses associated with planned outages and overhauls at a number of generation facilities; and
•   employee benefits expense includes the recognition of an $8 million pension settlement expense in the fourth quarter of 2017.
o&m expenses decreased $4 million, or 0.1 percent for 2016 compared with 2015.
conservation and dsm program expenses - conservation and dsm program expenses increased $28 million, or 11.4 percent, for 2017 compared with 2016. the increase was due to higher customer participation in electric conservation programs and recovery rates, mostly in minnesota. conservation and dsm expenses, including incentives, are generally recovered in our major jurisdictions concurrently through riders and base rates. timing of recovery may not correspond to the period in which costs were incurred.
conservation and dsm program expenses increased $20 million, or 8.9 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase is primarily attributable to more customer participation in dsm programs.
depreciation and amortization - depreciation and amortization increased $176 million, or 13.5 percent, for 2017 compared with 2016. the increase was primarily due to capital investments and prior year amortization of the excess depreciation reserve in minnesota.
depreciation and amortization increased $179 million, or 15.9 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to capital investments, including pleasant valley and border wind farms, reduction of the excess depreciation reserve in minnesota and recognition of the doe settlement credits in 2015.
taxes (other than income taxes) - taxes (other than income taxes) increased $13 million, or 2.4 percent, for 2017 compared with 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher property taxes in minnesota and texas.
taxes (other than income taxes) increased $20 million, or 4.0 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was primarily due to higher property taxes in minnesota, excluding the impact of the tax deferral related to the minnesota 2016 multi-year electric rate case.
afudc, equity and debt - afudc increased $23 million for 2017 compared with 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher cwip, particularly the rush creek wind project in colorado.
afudc increased $5 million for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was primarily due to the expansion of transmission facilities and other capital expenditures.
interest charges - interest charges increased $16 million, or 2.5 percent, for 2017 compared with 2016. the increase was related to higher debt levels to fund capital investments, partially offset by refinancings at lower interest rates.
interest charges increased $52 million, or 8.7 percent, for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase was related to higher long-term debt levels to fund capital investments, partially offset by refinancings at lower interest rates.
income taxes - income tax expense decreased $39 million for 2017 compared with 2016. the decrease was primarily driven by increased wind ptcs, a net tax benefit related to the resolution of appeals/audits in 2017, an increase in research and experimentation credits, lower pretax earnings in 2017 and a rise in permanent plant-related adjustments. ptcs are flowed back to customers and reduce electric margin. the decrease was partially offset by the estimated one-time, non-cash, income tax expense recognized in the fourth quarter related to the tcja. the etr was 32.1 percent for 2017 compared with 34.1 percent for 2016. the lower etr in 2017 was primarily due to the adjustments referenced above. excluding the impact for the tcja adjustment, the etr would have been 30.7 percent for 2017. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
income tax expense increased $38 million for 2016 compared with 2015. the increase in income tax expense was primarily due to higher pretax earnings in 2016, partially offset by increased wind ptcs in 2016. the etr was 34.1 percent for 2016 compared with 35.5 percent for 2015. the lower etr was primarily due to the wind ptcs in 2016.
xcel energy inc. and other results the following tables summarize the net income and diluted eps contributions of xcel energy inc. and its nonregulated businesses:
contribution to xcel energy's earnings
xcel energy inc. financing costs               $(79        )           $(71        )           $(56        )
total xcel energy inc. and other costs         $(112       )           $(76        )           $(59        )
contribution to xcel energy's gaap diluted eps diluted earnings (loss) per share          2017                     2016                        2015
xcel energy inc. financing costs               $(0.15        )             $(0.14        )             $(0.11        )
total xcel energy inc. and other costs         $(0.22        )             $(0.15        )             $(0.11        )
(a)   amounts include gains or losses associated with sales of properties held by eloigne.
factors affecting results of operations xcel energy's utility revenues depend on customer usage, which varies with weather conditions, general business conditions and the cost of energy services. various regulatory agencies approve the prices for electric and natural gas service within their respective jurisdictions and affect xcel energy's ability to recover its costs from customers. the historical and future trends of xcel energy's operating results have been, and are expected to be, affected by a number of factors, including those listed below.
general economic conditions economic conditions may have a material impact on xcel energy's operating results. while economic growth has been improving over the past year, management cannot predict whether this trend will be sustained going forward. other events impact overall economic conditions and management cannot predict the impact of fluctuating energy prices, terrorist activity, war or the threat of war. however, xcel energy could experience a material impact to its results of operations, future growth or ability to raise capital resulting from a sustained general slowdown in economic growth or a significant increase in interest rates.
fuel supply and costs xcel energy inc.'s operating utilities have varying dependence on coal, natural gas and uranium. changes in commodity prices are generally recovered through fuel recovery mechanisms and have very little impact on earnings. however, availability of supply, the potential implementation of a carbon tax or emissions-related generation restrictions and unanticipated changes in regulatory recovery mechanisms could impact our operations. see item 1 for further discussion of fuel supply and costs.
pension plan costs and assumptions xcel energy has significant net pension and postretirement benefit costs that are measured using actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions including discount rates and expected return on plan assets. xcel energy evaluates these key assumptions at least annually by analyzing current market conditions, which include changes in interest rates and market returns. changes in the related net pension and postretirement benefits costs and funding requirements may occur in the future due to changes in assumptions. the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high retirements or employees leaving xcel energy would trigger settlement accounting and could require xcel energy to recognize material incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year these liabilities are paid. for further discussion and a sensitivity analysis on these assumptions, see "employee benefits" under critical accounting policies and estimates.
tax reform on dec. 22, 2017, the tcja was signed by the president, enacting significant changes to the irc. the changes are generally effective for xcel energy federal tax returns for years following 2017, and include a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent. the tcja recognizes the unique nature of public utilities and contains certain provisions specific to the industry, including continuing certain interest expense deductibility and not allowing 100 percent expensing of capital investments.
2017 impacts of tax reform
•   required the revaluation of federal deferred tax assets and liabilities using the new lower tax rate. the majority of the revaluation relates to regulated utility activities and results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities, with no estimated income statement impact; and
•   xcel energy recognized approximately $23 million of income tax expense associated with the tcja in the fourth quarter of 2017. this amount is considered to be non-recurring and has been excluded from xcel energy's 2017 ongoing earnings.
future impacts of tax reform
•   decreases annual revenue requirements by approximately $400 million;
•   reduces the tax benefit from holding company interest expense by approximately $20 million in 2018, negatively impacting earnings;
•   increases rate base growth for the same level of expected capital expenditures due to lower forecasted deferred tax liabilities; and
•   negative impact on cash flow from operations and credit metrics, depending on regulatory actions.
potential regulatory options the timing of revenue requirements adjustments for both the return of excess deferred taxes and the lower tax rate are subject to regulatory actions in each of the eight states in which the regulated utilities operate, as well as the ferc. each regulatory jurisdiction has initiated active proceedings to reflect the impacts of tcja. in addition to lower revenue requirements, the tcja also reduces the pre-tax credit that our customers receive from the federal ptcs; this issue will be reviewed in various resource planning and asset acquisition proceedings. additionally, xcel energy has open rate cases and resource acquisition dockets pending in several states that may be impacted.
xcel energy plans to work directly with its regulators to determine the appropriate path forward in each jurisdiction. potential regulatory options that may be appropriate to consider either as alternatives to or in a combination with flowing back the lower revenue requirements through rates include, but are not limited to:
•   accelerating depreciation or amortization for selected assets or asset classes;
•   increasing authorized equity ratios at the operating company level;
•   modifying capital investments;
xcel energy believes that regulatory actions that include higher authorized operating company equity ratios and/or accelerated depreciation/amortization can preserve operating company credit metrics that otherwise degrade under the tcja.
see notes 6 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
regulation ferc and state regulation - the ferc and various state and local regulatory commissions regulate xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries, transco subsidiaries and wgi. decisions by these regulators can significantly impact xcel energy's results of operations. xcel energy expects to periodically file for rate changes based on changing operating costs, new or planned investments, fluctuations in energy markets and general economic conditions.
the electric and natural gas rates charged to customers of xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries are approved by the ferc or the regulatory commissions in the states in which they operate. the rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. rates charged by xcel energy inc.'s transco subsidiaries and wgi are approved by the ferc. xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries request changes in rates for utility services through filings with the governing commissions. changes in operating costs can affect xcel energy's financial results, depending on the timing of filing general rate cases and the implementation of final rates. in addition to changes in operating costs, other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and dsm efforts, and the cost of capital. in addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the roe, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings.
wholesale energy market regulation - wholesale energy markets are operated by miso in the midwest and spp in the south central u.s. to centrally dispatch all regional electric generation and apply a regional transmission congestion management system. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin are members of miso and sps is a member of spp. nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin and sps expect to recover rto energy and other charges through either base rates or various recovery mechanisms. psco is evaluating participation in the spp rto energy market through the mwtg. see item 1 and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
capital expenditure regulation - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries make substantial investments in renewable generation, plant additions to build and upgrade power plants, and expand and maintain the energy transmission and distribution systems. xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries to recover the costs associated with capital investments through rate case filings and through riders (in certain states). these non-fuel rate riders are expected to provide cash flows to enable recovery of costs incurred on a more timely basis. xcel energy has implemented formula rates for each of the utility subsidiaries that will provide annual rate changes as transmission or production investments increase in a manner similar to the retail rate riders for wholesale electric transmission and production services. electric transmission investments owned by the transcos are recoverable through ferc approved transmission formula rates for xetd and xest. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin have no cost-based wholesale production customers and therefore have not implemented a production formula rate.
environmental matters environmental costs include accruals for nuclear plant decommissioning and payments for storage of spent nuclear fuel, disposal of hazardous materials and waste, remediation of contaminated sites, monitoring of discharges to the environment and compliance with laws and permits with respect to emissions. a trend of greater environmental awareness and increasingly stringent regulation may continue to cause higher operating expenses and capital expenditures for environmental compliance.
costs charged to operating expenses for nuclear decommissioning and spent nuclear fuel disposal expenses, environmental monitoring and disposal of hazardous materials and waste were approximately:
xcel energy estimates an average annual expense of approximately $349 million from 2018 through 2022 for similar costs. the precise timing and amount of environmental costs, including those for site remediation and disposal of hazardous materials, are unknown. additionally, the extent to which environmental costs will be included in and recovered through rates may fluctuate.
capital expenditures for environmental improvements at regulated facilities were approximately:
see item 7 - capital requirements for further discussion.
xcel energy's operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations related to air emissions, water discharges and waste management from various sources. such laws and regulations impose monitoring and reporting requirements and may require xcel energy to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of projects that increase air emissions, water discharges or land disposal of wastes, obtain and comply with permits that contain emission, discharge and operational limitations, or install or operate pollution control equipment at facilities. xcel energy will likely be required to incur capital expenditures in the future to comply with these requirements for remediation of mgp and other legacy sites and various regulations for air emissions, water intake and discharge and waste disposal. actual expenditures could vary from the estimates presented. the scope and timing of these expenditures cannot be determined until any new or revised regulations become final or until more information is learned about the need for remediation at the legacy sites.
pollution control equipment can be required by federal and state regulations, such as those requiring mercury emission reductions, and by state or federal implementation plans, such as those to address visibility impairment, interstate air pollution impacts or attainment of naaqs. in 2016, the epa adopted a federal visibility plan for texas which imposes so2 emission limitations that reflect installation of dry scrubbers on tolk units 1 and 2, with compliance required by early 2021. this rule has been stayed by the fifth circuit. in march 2017, the fifth circuit remanded the rule to the epa for reconsideration, while leaving the stay in effect. the fifth circuit is now holding the case in abeyance until the epa completes its reconsideration of the rule.
see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of xcel energy's environmental contingencies.
inflation inflation at its current level is not expected to materially affect xcel energy's prices or returns to shareholders. however, potential future inflation could result from economic conditions or the economic and monetary policies of the u.s. government and the federal reserve. this could lead to future price increases for materials and services required to deliver electric and natural gas services to customers. these potential cost increases could in turn lead to increased prices to customers. likewise, lower oil and natural gas prices could lead to sustained deflation, that could also reduce general economic activity although it may lead to lower electric and natural gas prices to customers. additionally, under statute, federal agencies such as the ferc now can adjust statutory penalties for inflation.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. the application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges and anticipated recovery of costs. these judgments could materially impact the consolidated financial statements and disclosures, based on varying assumptions. in addition, the financial and operating environment also may have a significant effect on the operation of the business and on the results reported. the following is a list of accounting policies and estimates that are most significant to the portrayal of xcel energy's financial condition and results, and require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. each of these has a higher likelihood of resulting in materially different reported amounts under different conditions or using different assumptions. each critical accounting policy has been reviewed and discussed with the audit committee of xcel energy inc.'s board of directors on a quarterly basis.
regulatory accounting xcel energy inc. is a holding company with rate-regulated subsidiaries that are subject to the accounting for regulated operations, which provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates will be charged and collected. xcel energy's rates are derived through the ratemaking process, which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows. regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because future recovery from customers is probable. regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. in other businesses or industries, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities would generally be charged to net income or oci.
each reporting period xcel energy assesses the probability of future recoveries and obligations associated with regulatory assets and liabilities. factors such as the current regulatory environment, recently issued rate orders and historical precedents are considered. decisions made by regulatory agencies can directly impact the amount and timing of cost recovery as well as the rate of return on invested capital, and may materially impact xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
as of dec. 31, 2017 and 2016, xcel energy has recorded regulatory assets of $3.4 billion for both periods, and regulatory liabilities of $5.3 billion and $1.6 billion, respectively. each subsidiary is subject to regulation that varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. if future recovery of costs in any such jurisdiction ceases to be probable, xcel energy would be required to charge these assets to current net income or oci. in assessing the probability of recovery of recognized regulatory assets, xcel energy noted no current or anticipated proposals or changes in the regulatory environment that it expects will materially impact the probability of recovery of the assets. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of regulatory assets and liabilities and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of rate matters.
income tax accruals judgment, uncertainty, and estimates are a significant aspect of the income tax accrual process that accounts for the effects of current and deferred income taxes. uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations and the outcomes of tax audits and appeals require that judgment and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of the etr.
changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our future etr. the tcja reduced the federal income tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent, significantly impacting the recorded amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities and reducing the etr applicable to future periods. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - tax reform and notes 6 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
etrs are highly impacted by assumptions. etr calculations are revised every quarter based on best available year-end tax assumptions (income levels, deductions, credits, etc.); adjusted in the following year after returns are filed, with the tax accrual estimates being trued-up to the actual amounts claimed on the tax returns; and further adjusted after examinations by taxing authorities have been completed.
in accordance with the interim period reporting guidance, income tax expense for the first three quarters in a year is based on the forecasted annual etr. the forecasted etr reflects a number of estimates including forecasted annual income, permanent tax adjustments and tax credits.
valuation allowances are applied to deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that at least a portion may not be realized based on an evaluation of expected future taxable income.
accounting for income taxes also requires that only tax benefits that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold can be recognized or continue to be recognized. the change in the unrecognized tax benefits needs to be reasonably estimated based on evaluation of the nature of uncertainty, the nature of event that could cause the change and an estimated range of reasonably possible changes.
management will use prudent business judgment to derecognize appropriate amounts of tax benefits at any period end, and as new developments occur. unrecognized tax benefits can be recognized as issues are favorably resolved and loss exposures decline. we may adjust our unrecognized tax benefits and interest accruals to the updated estimates as disputes with the irs and state tax authorities are resolved. these adjustments may increase or decrease earnings. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
employee benefits xcel energy's pension costs are based on an actuarial calculation that includes a number of key assumptions, most notably the annual return level that pension and postretirement health care investment assets are expected to earn in the future and the interest rate used to discount future pension benefit payments to a present value obligation. in addition, the pension cost calculation uses an asset-smoothing methodology to reduce the volatility of varying investment performance over time. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the rate of return and discount rate used in the calculation of pension costs and obligations.
pension costs are expected to decrease in 2018 and continue to decline in the following few years. funding requirements in 2018 are expected to be consistent with 2017 and continue at that level in the following years. while investment returns were below the assumed levels in 2015 and 2016, investment returns exceeded the assumed levels in 2017. the pension cost calculation uses a market-related valuation of pension assets. xcel energy uses a calculated value method to determine the market-related value of the plan assets. the market-related value is determined by adjusting the fair market value of assets at the beginning of the year to reflect the investment gains and losses (the difference between the actual investment return and the expected investment return on the market-related value) during each of the previous five years at the rate of 20 percent per year. as these differences between the actual investment returns and the expected investment returns are incorporated into the market-related value, the differences are recognized in pension cost over the expected average remaining years of service for active employees, which was approximately 12 years in 2017.
based on current assumptions and the recognition of past investment gains and losses, xcel energy currently projects the pension costs recognized for financial reporting purposes will be $119 million in 2018 and $105 million in 2019, while the actual pension costs were $139 million in 2017 and $122 million in 2016. the expected decrease in 2018 and future year costs is due primarily to reductions in loss amortizations, plan design changes and an increase in expected return on assets due to planned future contributions and expected return of current assets.
in 2014, the society of actuaries published a new mortality table (rp-2014) that increased the overall life expectancy of males and females. in 2014, xcel energy adopted this mortality table, with modifications, based on its population and specific experience. during 2017, a new projection table was released (mp-2017). xcel energy evaluated the updated projection table and concluded that the methodology currently in use and adopted in 2016 is consistent with the recently updated 2017 table and continues to be representative of xcel energy's population.
at dec. 31, 2017, xcel energy set the rate of return on assets used to measure pension costs at 6.87 percent, which is consistent with the rate set at dec. 31, 2016. the rate of return used to measure postretirement health care costs is 5.80 percent at dec. 31, 2017 and this is consistent with dec. 31, 2016. xcel energy's ongoing pension investment strategy is based on plan-specific investments that seek to minimize potential investment and interest rate risk as a plan's funded status increases over time. the investments result in a greater percentage of interest rate sensitive securities being allocated to specific plans having relatively higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having relatively lower funded status ratios.
xcel energy set the discount rates used to value the dec. 31, 2017 pension at 3.63 percent and postretirement health care obligations at 3.62 percent, which represents a 50 basis point and a 51 basis point decrease from dec. 31, 2016, respectively. xcel energy uses a bond matching study as its primary basis for determining the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement health care obligations. the bond matching study utilizes a portfolio of high grade (aa or higher) bonds that matches the expected cash flows of xcel energy's benefit plans in amount and duration. the effective yield on this cash flow matched bond portfolio determines the discount rate for the individual plans. the bond matching study is validated for reasonableness against the merrill lynch corporate 15+ bond index. at dec. 31, 2017, this reference point supported the selected rate. in addition to this reference point, xcel energy also reviews general actuarial survey data to assess the reasonableness of the discount rate selected.
the following are the pension funding contributions across all four of xcel energy's pension plans, both voluntary and required, for 2015 through 2018:
for future years, we anticipate contributions will be made as necessary. these contributions are summarized in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. future year amounts are estimates and may change based on actual market performance, changes in interest rates and any changes in governmental regulations. therefore, additional contributions could be required in the future.
if xcel energy were to use alternative assumptions at dec. 31, 2017, a one-percent change would result in the following impact on 2017 pension costs:
pension costs
(a)   these costs include the effects of regulation.
beginning with the dec. 31, 2017 measurement date, xcel energy separated its initial medical trend assumption for pre-medicare (pre-65) and post-medicare (post-65) claims costs, and assumed 7.0 percent and 5.5 percent, respectively. xcel energy separated the trends in order to reflect different short-term expectations based on recent experiences with pre-65 and post-65 claims cost increases for xcel energy's retiree medical plan. the ultimate trend assumption remained at 4.5 percent for both pre-65 and post-65 claims costs as similar long-term trend rates are expected for both populations. the period from initial trend rate until the ultimate rate is reached is five years. xcel energy bases its medical trend assumption on the long-term cost inflation expected in the health care market, considering the levels projected and recommended by industry experts, as well as recent actual medical cost experienced by xcel energy's retiree medical plan.
xcel energy recovers employee benefits costs in its regulated utility operations consistent with accounting guidance with the exception of the areas noted below.
•   nsp-minnesota recognizes pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions as calculated using the aggregate normal cost actuarial method. differences between aggregate normal cost and expense as calculated by pension accounting standards are deferred as a regulatory liability.
•   in 2017, the pscw approved nsp-wisconsin's request for deferred accounting treatment of the 2017 pension settlement accounting expense.
•   colorado, texas, new mexico and ferc jurisdictions allow the recovery of other postretirement benefit costs only to the extent that recognized expense is matched by cash contributions to an irrevocable trust. xcel energy has consistently funded at a level to allow full recovery of costs in these jurisdictions.
•   psco and sps recognize pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions based on expense consistent with accounting guidance. the texas and colorado electric retail jurisdictions and the colorado gas retail jurisdiction, each record the difference between annual recognized pension expense and the annual amount of pension expense approved in their last respective general rate case as a deferral to a regulatory asset.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
nuclear decommissioning xcel energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, xcel energy estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. when xcel energy revises any assumptions used to estimate aros, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and the related long-lived asset. xcel energy accretes aro liabilities to reflect the passage of time using the interest method.
a significant portion of xcel energy's aros relates to the future decommissioning of nsp-minnesota's nuclear facilities. the total obligation for nuclear decommissioning is expected to be funded by the external decommissioning trust fund. the difference between regulatory funding (including depreciation expense less returns from the external trust fund) and expense recognized under current accounting guidance is deferred as a regulatory asset. the amounts recorded for aros related to future nuclear decommissioning were $1.874 billion and $2.249 billion as of dec. 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. based on their significance, the following discussion relates specifically to the aros associated with nuclear decommissioning.
nsp-minnesota obtains periodic cost studies in order to estimate the cost and timing of planned nuclear decommissioning activities. these independent cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time performed. estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. nsp-minnesota is required to file a nuclear decommissioning filing every three years. the filing covers all expenses over the decommissioning period of the nuclear plants, including decontamination and removal of radioactive material. the mpuc approved nsp-minnesota's currently effective decommissioning filing in october 2015. the most recent filing was submitted in december 2017 and is currently pending with the mpuc, with an order expected in 2018. see note 13 for further discussion.
•   timing - decommissioning cost estimates are impacted by each facility's retirement date and the expected timing of the actual decommissioning activities. currently, the estimated retirement dates coincide with the expiration of each unit's operating license with the nrc (i.e., 2030 for monticello and 2033 and 2034 for pi's unit 1 and 2, respectively). the estimated timing of the decommissioning activities is based upon the decon method, which assumes prompt removal and dismantlement. the use of the decon method is required by the mpuc. by utilizing this method, decommissioning activities are expected to begin at the end of the license date and be completed for both facilities by 2091.
•   technology and regulation - there is limited experience with actual decommissioning of large nuclear facilities. changes in technology and experience as well as changes in regulations regarding nuclear decommissioning could cause cost estimates to change significantly. nsp-minnesota's most recent nuclear decommissioning filing assumed current technology and regulations.
•   escalation rates - escalation rates represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities. nsp-minnesota used an escalation rate of 3.42 percent in calculating the aro related to nuclear decommissioning for the monticello facility, a rate of 3.40 percent for pi unit 1, and a rate of 3.40 percent for pi unit 2. these rates are weighted averages of labor and non-labor escalation factors calculated by goldman sachs asset management.
•   discount rates - changes in timing or estimated expected cash flows that result in upward revisions to the aro are calculated using the then-current credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect when the change occurs is used to discount the revised estimate of the incremental expected cash flows of the retirement activity. if the change in timing or estimated expected cash flows results in a downward revision of the aro, the undiscounted revised estimate of expected cash flows is discounted using the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the date of initial measurement and recognition of the original aro. discount rates ranging from approximately four to seven percent have been used to calculate the net present value of the expected future cash flows over time.
significant uncertainties exist in estimating the future cost of nuclear decommissioning including the method to be utilized, the ultimate costs to decommission, and the planned method of disposing spent fuel. if different cost estimates, life assumptions or cost escalation rates were utilized, the aros could change materially. however, changes in estimates have minimal impact on results of operations as nsp-minnesota expects to continue to recover all costs in future rates.
xcel energy continually makes judgments and estimates related to these critical accounting policy areas, based on an evaluation of the varying assumptions and uncertainties for each area. the information and assumptions underlying many of these judgments and estimates will be affected by events beyond the control of xcel energy, or otherwise change over time. this may require adjustments to recorded results to better reflect the events and updated information that becomes available. the accompanying financial statements reflect management's best estimates and judgments of the impact of these factors as of dec. 31, 2017.
derivatives, risk management and market risk xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries are exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value of a particular instrument or commodity. all financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of market risks associated with derivatives.
xcel energy is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. in addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, when necessary, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. while xcel energy expects that the counterparties will perform under the contracts underlying its derivatives, the contracts expose xcel energy to some credit and non-performance risk.
though no material non-performance risk currently exists with the counterparties to xcel energy's commodity derivative contracts, distress in the financial markets may in the future impact that risk to the extent it impacts those counterparties. distress in the financial markets may also impact the fair value of the securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and master pension trust, as well as xcel energy's ability to earn a return on short-term investments of excess cash.
commodity price risk - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries are exposed to commodity price risk in their electric and natural gas operations. commodity price risk is managed by entering into long- and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and for various fuels used in generation and distribution activities. commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. xcel energy's risk management policy allows it to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation per commission approved hedge plans.
wholesale and commodity trading risk - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries conduct various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. xcel energy's risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, which is made up of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy.
at dec. 31, 2017, the fair values by source for net commodity trading contract assets were as follows:
futures / forwards
(millions of dollars)         source offair value      maturity                   maturity1 to 3 years          maturity4 to 5 years          maturity                      total futures /
less than1 year                                                                        greater than5 years           forwardsfair value nsp-minnesota                       1                  $4                         $4                            $3                            $-                            $11
options
(thousands of dollars)        source offair value      maturity                   maturity1 to 3 years          maturity4 to 5 years          maturity                      total optionsfair value less than1 year                                                                        greater than5 years nsp-minnesota                       2                  $-                         $4                            $1                            $-                            $5
changes in the fair value of commodity trading contracts before the impacts of margin-sharing mechanisms for the years ended dec. 31, were as follows:
fair value of commodity trading net contract assets outstanding at jan. 1          $10             $11
commodity trading contract additions and changes during the period                  11               4
fair value of commodity trading net contract assets outstanding at dec. 31         $16             $10
at dec. 31, 2017, a 10 percent increase or decrease in market prices for commodity trading contracts would have an immaterial impact. at dec. 31, 2016, a 10 percent increase in market prices for commodity trading contracts would decrease pretax income from continuing operations by approximately $1 million, whereas a 10 percent decrease would increase pretax income from continuing operations by approximately $1 million.
xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries' wholesale and commodity trading operations measure the outstanding risk exposure to price changes on transactions, contracts and obligations that have been entered into, but not closed, using an industry standard methodology known as value at risk (var). var expresses the potential change in fair value on the outstanding transactions, contracts and obligations over a particular period of time under normal market conditions.
the vars for the nsp-minnesota and psco commodity trading operations, calculated on a consolidated basis using a monte carlo simulation with a 95 percent confidence level and a one-day holding period, were as follows:
(millions of dollars)           year endeddec. 31             var limit            average              high           low
nuclear fuel supply - nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 58 percent of its 2018 and approximately 24 percent of its 2019 enriched nuclear material requirements from sources that could be impacted by events in ukraine and extended sanctions against russia. alternate potential sources are expected to provide the flexibility to manage nsp-minnesota's nuclear fuel supply to ensure that plant availability and reliability will not be negatively impacted in the near-term. long-term, through 2024, nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 35 percent of its average enriched nuclear material requirements from sources that could be impacted by events in ukraine and extended sanctions against russia. nsp-minnesota is closely following the progression of these events and will periodically assess if further actions are required to assure a secure supply of enriched nuclear material.
separately, nsp-minnesota has enriched nuclear fuel materials in process with westinghouse electric corporation (westinghouse). westinghouse filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in march 2017. nsp-minnesota owns materials in westinghouse's inventory and has contracts in place under which westinghouse will provide certain services during an upcoming outage at prairie island (pi). westinghouse will provide nuclear fuel assemblies for the upcoming pi outage under the current nuclear fuel fabrication contract. westinghouse has indicated its intention to continue to perform under the arrangements. based on westinghouse's stated intent and the interim financing secured to fund its on-going operations, nsp-minnesota does not expect the bankruptcy to materially impact nsp-minnesota's operational or financial performance. westinghouse announced on jan. 4, 2018 it has agreed to be acquired by brookfield business partners lp and other institutional partners. brookfield's acquisition of westinghouse is expected to close in the third quarter of 2018, subject to bankruptcy court and regulatory approvals. nsp-minnesota will continue to monitor the westinghouse acquisition process.
interest rate risk - xcel energy is subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business. xcel energy's risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives such as swaps, caps, collars and put or call options.
at dec. 31, 2017 and 2016, a 100 basis point change in the benchmark rate on xcel energy's variable rate debt would impact annual pretax interest expense by approximately $9 million and $4 million, respectively. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries' interest rate derivatives.
nsp-minnesota maintains a nuclear decommissioning fund, as required by the nrc. the nuclear decommissioning fund is subject to interest rate risk and equity price risk. at dec. 31, 2017, the fund was invested in a diversified portfolio of cash equivalents, debt securities, equity securities and other investments. these investments may be used only for activities related to nuclear decommissioning. given the purpose and legal restrictions on the use of nuclear decommissioning fund assets, realized and unrealized gains on fund investments over the life of the fund are deferred as an offset of nsp-minnesota's regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning costs. consequently, any realized and unrealized gains and losses on securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund, including any other-than-temporary impairments, are deferred as a component of the regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning. since the accounting for nuclear decommissioning recognizes that costs are recovered through rates, fluctuations in equity prices or interest rates affecting the nuclear decommissioning fund do not have a direct impact on earnings.
changes in discount rates and expected return on plan assets impact the value of pension and postretirement plan assets as well as benefit costs. for further information, see "employee benefits" under critical accounting policies and estimates.
credit risk - xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk. credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties' nonperformance on their contractual obligations. xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries maintain credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitor these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations.
at dec. 31, 2017, a 10 percent increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $26 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 percent would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $7 million. at dec. 31, 2016, a 10 percent increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $6 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 percent would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $17 million.
xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries conduct standard credit reviews for all counterparties. xcel energy employs additional credit risk control mechanisms when appropriate, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, standardized master netting agreements and termination provisions that allow for offsetting of positive and negative exposures. credit exposure is monitored and, when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. distress in the financial markets could increase xcel energy's credit risk.
fair value measurements xcel energy follows accounting and disclosure guidance on fair value measurements that contains a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value and requires disclosure of the observability of the inputs used in these measurements. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the fair value hierarchy and the amounts of assets and liabilities measured at fair value that have been assigned to level 3.
commodity derivatives - xcel energy continuously monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties to its commodity derivative contracts and assesses each counterparty's ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. given this assessment and the typically short duration of these contracts, the impact of discounting commodity derivative assets for counterparty credit risk was not material to the fair value of commodity derivative assets at dec. 31, 2017. adjustments to fair value for credit risk of commodity trading instruments are recorded in electric revenues. credit risk adjustments for other commodity derivative instruments are deferred as oci or regulatory assets and liabilities. the classification as a regulatory asset or liability is based on commission approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. xcel energy also assesses the impact of its own credit risk when determining the fair value of commodity derivative liabilities. the impact of discounting commodity derivative liabilities for credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of commodity derivative liabilities at dec. 31, 2017.
commodity derivative assets and liabilities assigned to level 3 typically consist of ftrs, as well as forward and option contracts that are long-term in nature or relate to inactive delivery locations. level 3 commodity derivative assets and liabilities represent 1.7 percent and 4.3 percent of gross assets and liabilities, respectively, measured at fair value at dec. 31, 2017.
determining the fair value of ftrs requires numerous management forecasts that vary in observability, including various forward commodity prices, retail and wholesale demand, generation and resulting transmission system congestion. given the limited observability of management's forecasts for several of these inputs, these instruments have been assigned a level 3. level 3 commodity derivatives assets and liabilities included $32 million and $2 million of estimated fair values, respectively, for ftrs held at dec. 31, 2017.
determining the fair value of certain commodity forwards and options can require management to make use of subjective price and volatility forecasts for inactive delivery locations and for contracts that extend to periods beyond those readily observable on active exchanges or quoted by brokers. when less observable forward price and volatility forecasts are significant to determining the value of commodity forwards and options, these instruments are assigned to level 3. there were $5 million in level 3 commodity derivative assets and no liabilities for options held at dec. 31, 2017. there were immaterial level 3 commodity derivative assets and liabilities for forwards held at dec. 31, 2017.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows
net cash provided by operating activities          $3,126              $3,052              $3,038
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $74 million for 2017 as compared to 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher net income, excluding amounts related to non-cash operating activities (e.g., depreciation and deferred tax expenses) and the timing of customer receipts, partially offset by higher interest payments and pension contributions, refunds, timing of vendor payments and lower income tax refunds received.
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $14 million for 2016 as compared to 2015. the increase was primarily due to timing of vendor payments and higher net income, excluding amounts related to non-cash operating activities (e.g., depreciation, deferred tax expenses and a charge related to the monticello lcm/epu project in 2015), partially offset by timing of customer receipts, refunds and recovery of certain electric and natural gas riders and incentive programs.
net cash used in investing activities       $(3,296     )       $(3,261     )       $(3,623     )
net cash used in investing activities increased by $35 million for 2017 as compared to 2016. the increase was mainly attributable to higher capital expenditures related to the rush creek wind generation facility, partially offset by lower capital expenditures related to the courtenay wind farm and fewer rabbi trust investments.
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $362 million for 2016 as compared to 2015. the decrease was primarily attributable to the acquisition of two wind projects in 2015, partially offset by the establishment of rabbi trusts in 2016 and higher insurance proceeds received in 2015.
net cash provided by financing activities          $168              $209              $590
net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $41 million for 2017 as compared to 2016. the decrease was primarily due to lower debt issuances and higher dividend payments, partially offset by higher short-term debt proceeds and lower repurchases of common stock in 2017.
net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $381 million for 2016 as compared to 2015. the decrease was primarily due to higher repayments of long-term and short-term debt, higher dividend payments and repurchases of common stock, partially offset by higher debt issuances in 2016.
see discussion of trends, commitments and uncertainties, and the potential future impact on cash flow and liquidity under capital sources.
capital requirements xcel energy expects to meet future financing requirements by periodically issuing short-term debt, long-term debt, common stock, hybrid and other securities to maintain desired capitalization ratios.
capital expenditures - the current estimated base capital expenditure programs of xcel energy's operating companies for the years 2018 through 2022 are shown in the table below:
capital forecast
estimated capital reduction (b)            (100   )            (100   )            (100   )            (100   )            (100   )               (500       )
total capital expenditures               $4,210              $4,130              $3,160              $3,360              $3,640                $18,500
capital forecast
estimated capital reduction (b)            (100   )            (100   )            (100   )            (100   )            (100   )               (500       )
total capital expenditures               $4,210              $4,130              $3,160              $3,360              $3,640                $18,500
(a)   other category includes intercompany transfers for safe harbor wind turbines.
(b)   xcel energy has reduced its capital forecast by $500 million due to the potential impact of tax reform on cash flows and credit metrics.
the base capital expenditure forecast does not include the cep, which if approved could increase the total capital investment by up to $1.5 billion, based on a preliminary estimate. the level of capital investment may decline due to lower renewable pricing and the ultimate composition of assets selected as part of the rfp process. the expected cost and potential capital investment of the cep will be determined once a recommended portfolio is filed with the cpuc.
the capital expenditure programs of xcel energy are subject to continuing review and modification. actual capital expenditures may vary from estimates due to changes in electric and natural gas projected load growth, regulatory decisions, legislative initiatives, reserve margin requirements, the availability of purchased power, alternative plans for meeting long-term energy needs, compliance with environmental requirements, rps and merger, acquisition and divestiture opportunities.
xcel energy issues debt and equity securities to refinance retiring maturities, reduce short-term debt, fund capital programs, infuse equity in subsidiaries, fund asset acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes.
contractual obligations and other commitments - in addition to its capital expenditure programs, xcel energy has contractual obligations and other commitments that will need to be funded in the future. the following is a summarized table of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at dec. 31, 2017. see the statements of capitalization and additional discussion in notes 4 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
capital lease obligations                                             302                      15                        28                       26          233
unconditional purchase obligations (d)                              7,367                   1,596                     1,965                    1,565              2,241
payments to vendors in process                                        322                     322                         -                        -              -
(a)   includes interest payments over the terms of the debt. interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate at dec. 31, 2017, and outstanding principal for each investment with the terms ending at each instrument's maturity.
(b)   under some leases, xcel energy would have to sell or purchase the property that it leases if it chose to terminate before the scheduled lease expiration date. most of xcel energy's railcar, vehicle and equipment and aircraft leases have these terms. at dec. 31, 2017, the amount that xcel energy would have to pay if it chose to terminate these leases was approximately $28 million. in addition, at the end of the equipment lease terms, each lease must be extended, equipment purchased for the greater of the fair value or unamortized value of equipment sold to a third party with xcel energy making up any deficiency between the sales price and the unamortized value.
(c)   included in operating lease payments are $213 million, $474 million, $481 million and $1.7 billion, for the less than 1 year, 1-3 years, 3-5 years and after 5 years categories, respectively, pertaining to ppas that were accounted for as operating leases.
(d)   xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries have contracts providing for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its current coal, nuclear fuel and natural gas requirements. additionally, the utility subsidiaries of xcel energy inc. have entered into agreements with utilities and other energy suppliers for purchased power to meet system load and energy requirements, replace generation from company-owned units under maintenance and during outages, and meet operating reserve obligations. certain contractual purchase obligations are adjusted on indices. the effects of price changes are mitigated through cost of energy adjustment mechanisms.
(e)   other long-term obligations relate primarily to amounts associated with technology agreements as well as uncertain tax positions.
(f)   xcel energy also has outstanding authority under o&amp;m contracts to purchase up to approximately $4.8 billion of goods and services through the year 2037, in addition to the amounts disclosed in this table.
(g)   in january 2018, contributions of $150 million were made across four of xcel energy's pension plans. obligations of this type are dependent on several factors, including management discretion and various minimum contribution requirements determined by the pension protection act, and therefore, are not included in the table.
(h)   xcel energy expects to contribute approximately $12 million to the postretirement health care plans during 2018. obligations of this type are dependent on several factors, including management discretion, and therefore, are not included in the table.
common stock dividends - future dividend levels will be dependent on xcel energy's results of operations, financial position, cash flows, reinvestment opportunities and other factors, and will be evaluated by the xcel energy inc. board of directors. in february 2018, xcel energy announced a quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share, which represents an increase of 5.6 percent. xcel energy's dividend policy balances the following:
•   projected capital investment;
•   a reasonable rate of return on shareholder investment; and
•   the impact on xcel energy's capital structure and credit ratings.
in addition, there are certain statutory limitations that could affect dividend levels. federal law places certain limits on the ability of public utilities within a holding company system to declare dividends.
specifically, under the federal power act, a public utility may not pay dividends from any funds properly included in a capital account. the utility subsidiaries' dividends may be limited directly or indirectly by state regulatory commissions or bond indenture covenants. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of restrictions on dividend payments.
regulation of derivatives - in 2010, financial reform legislation was passed that provides for the regulation of derivative transactions amongst other provisions. the cftc ruled that swap dealing activity conducted by entities for the preceding 12 months under a notional limit, initially set at $8 billion, will fall under the general de minimis threshold and will not subject an entity to registering as a swap dealer. the de minimis threshold is scheduled to be reduced to $3 billion in 2018. xcel energy's current and projected swap activity is well below these de minimis thresholds. the bill also contains provisions that exempt certain derivatives end users from much of the clearing and margin requirements and xcel energy's board of directors has renewed the end-user exemption on an annual basis. xcel energy is currently meeting all reporting requirements and transaction restrictions.
pension fund - xcel energy's pension assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of domestic and international equity securities, short-term to long-duration fixed income securities and alternative investments, including private equity, real estate and hedge funds.
fair value of pension assets       $3,088               $2,856
capital sources short-term funding sources - xcel energy uses a number of sources to fulfill short-term funding needs, including operating cash flow, notes payable, commercial paper and bank lines of credit. the amount and timing of short-term funding needs depend in large part on financing needs for construction expenditures, working capital and dividend payments.
short-term investments - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps maintain cash operating and short-term investment accounts. at dec. 31, 2017 and 2016, there was $3 million and $4 million of cash held in these accounts, respectively.
short-term debt - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps each have individual commercial paper programs. the authorized levels for these commercial paper programs are:
•   $1 billion for xcel energy inc.;
•   $700 million for psco;
•   $500 million for nsp-minnesota;
•   $400 million for sps; and
•   $150 million for nsp-wisconsin.
in addition, xcel energy inc. has a 364-day term loan agreement to borrow up to $500 million. at dec. 31, 2017, xcel energy inc. had drawn $250 million on the term loan.
short-term debt outstanding for xcel energy was as follows:
borrowing limit                                                                  $3,250
borrowing limit                                                              $3,250                               $2,750                               $2,750
credit agreements - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, psco, and sps each have the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility june 2021 termination date for two additional one-year periods. nsp-wisconsin has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility termination date for an additional one-year period. all extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval.
xcel energy inc. entered into a 364-day term loan agreement on dec. 5, 2017 to borrow up to $500 million. as of dec. 31, 2017, xcel energy inc. had borrowed $250 million of the term loan. xcel energy inc. may recommit for one additional 364-day period from the december 2018 maturity date, subject to majority consent from lenders.
as of feb. 20, 2018, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries had the following committed credit facilities available to meet liquidity needs:
(millions of dollars)             facility (a)            drawn (b)             available           cash             liquidity xcel energy inc.                 $1,500                  $877                  $623               $-                $623
(a)   these credit facilities mature in june 2021, with the exception of xcel energy inc.'s $500 million 364-day term loan agreement entered into in december 2017.
(b)   includes outstanding commercial paper, term loan borrowings and letters of credit.
money pool - xcel energy received ferc approval to establish a utility money pool arrangement with the utility subsidiaries, subject to receipt of required state regulatory approvals. the utility money pool allows for short-term investments in and borrowings between the utility subsidiaries. xcel energy inc. may make investments in the utility subsidiaries at market-based interest rates; however, the money pool arrangement does not allow the utility subsidiaries to make investments in xcel energy inc. the money pool balances are eliminated in consolidation.
nsp-minnesota, psco and sps participate in the money pool pursuant to approval from their respective state regulatory commissions. nsp-wisconsin does not participate in the money pool.
registration statements - xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of one billion shares of $2.50 par value common stock. as of dec. 31, 2017 and 2016, xcel energy inc. had approximately 508 million shares and 507 million shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. in addition, xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of seven million shares of $100 par value preferred stock. xcel energy inc. had no shares of preferred stock outstanding on dec. 31, 2017 and 2016.
xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries have registration statements on file with the sec pursuant to which they may sell securities from time to time. these registration statements, which are uncapped, permit xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries to issue debt and other securities in the future at amounts, prices and with terms to be determined at the time of future offerings, and in the case of our utility subsidiaries, subject to commission approval.
financing plans - xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries' 2018 debt financing plans reflect the following:
xcel energy also plans to issue approximately $300 million of incremental equity in addition to $385 million of equity to be issued through the drip and benefit programs during the five-year forecast time period.
financing plans are subject to change, depending on capital expenditures, regulatory outcomes, internal cash generation, market conditions and other factors.
long-term borrowings and other financing instruments - see the consolidated statements of capitalization and a discussion of the long-term borrowings in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
off-balance-sheet arrangements xcel energy does not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements, other than those currently disclosed, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
•   constructive outcomes in all rate case and regulatory proceedings.
•   weather-normalized retail electric sales are projected to be within a range of 0 percent to 0.5 percent over 2017 levels.
•   weather-normalized retail firm natural gas sales are projected to be within a range of 0 percent to 0.5 percent below 2017 levels.
•   capital rider revenue is projected to increase by $30 million to $40 million over 2017 levels. ptcs are flowed back to customers, primarily through capital riders and reductions to electric margin.
•   depreciation expense is projected to increase approximately $150 million to $160 million over 2017 levels. approximately $20 million of the increase in depreciation expense reflects an increased renewable development fund, which is recovered in revenue and will not have an impact on earnings.
•   afudc - equity is projected to increase approximately $20 million to $30 million from 2017 levels.
•   the etr is projected to be approximately 8 percent to 10 percent. the lower etr for 2018 compared to 2017 reflects the lower tax rate as part of the tcja, including excess deferred taxes and ptcs which are flowed back to customers through margin. the etr would be approximately 21 percent to 23 percent excluding excess deferred taxes and ptcs.
(a)   ongoing earnings is calculated using net income and adjusting for certain nonrecurring or infrequent items that are, in management's view, not reflective of ongoing operations. ongoing earnings could differ from those prepared in accordance with gaap for unplanned and/or unknown adjustments. xcel energy is unable to forecast if any of these items will occur or provide a quantitative reconciliation of the guidance for ongoing diluted eps to corresponding gaap diluted eps.
•   maintain senior secured debt credit ratings in the a range and senior unsecured debt credit ratings in the bbb+ to a range.