item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
executive overview description of the company and business segments we manage our business based on three geographic segments: americas (north and south america), emea (europe, middle east and africa) and apac (asia-pacific). each of our segments provides a broad portfolio of essential healthcare products including acute and chronic dialysis therapies; sterile iv solutions; infusion systems and devices; parenteral nutrition therapies; inhaled anesthetics; generic injectable pharmaceuticals; and surgical hemostat and sealant products. these products are used by hospitals, kidney dialysis centers, nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, doctors' offices and patients at home under physician supervision. our global footprint and the critical nature of our products and services play a key role in expanding access to healthcare in emerging and developed countries.
for financial information about our segments, see note 16 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
recent business combinations and asset acquisitions seprafilm adhesion barrier in february 2020, we completed the acquisition of the product rights to seprafilm adhesion barrier (seprafilm) from sanofi for approximately $342 million in cash. seprafilm is indicated for use in patients undergoing abdominal or pelvic laparotomy as an adjunct intended to reduce the incidence, extent and severity of postoperative adhesions between the abdominal wall and the underlying viscera such as omentum, small bowel, bladder, and stomach, and between the uterus and surrounding structures such as tubes and ovaries, large bowel, and bladder. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of seprafilm.
cheetah medical in october 2019, we acquired 100 percent of cheetah medical, inc. (cheetah) for total cash consideration of $188 million, net of cash acquired, with the potential for additional cash consideration, up to $40 million, based on clinical and commercial milestones for which the acquisition date fair value was $18 million. cheetah is a leading provider of hemodynamic monitoring technologies. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of cheetah.
recothrom and preveleak in march 2018, we acquired two hemostat and sealant products from mallinckrodt plc: recothrom thrombin topical (recombinant), the first and only stand-alone recombinant thrombin, and preveleak surgical sealant, which is used in vascular reconstruction. the purchase price included an upfront payment of approximately $163 million and potential contingent payments in the future. refer to note 2 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the acquisition of the recothrom and preveleak products.
transderm scop in february 2021, we agreed to acquire the rights to transderm scop from subsidiaries of glaxosmithkline for an upfront purchase price of $55 million plus the cost of acquired inventory and the potential for additional cash consideration of $30 million based upon a successful technology transfer by a specified date. we currently sell this product under a distribution license to the u.s. institutional market. transderm scop is indicated for post-operative nausea and vomiting in the u.s. and motion sickness in european markets. we expect the transaction to close late in the first quarter or early in the second quarter of 2021, subject to the satisfaction of closing conditions.
caelyx and doxil in december 2020, we agreed to acquire the rights to caelyx and doxil, the branded versions of liposomal doxorubicin, from a subsidiary of johnson & johnson for specified territories outside of the u.s for $325 million. we previously acquired the u.s. rights to this product in 2019. liposomal doxorubicin is a chemotherapy medicine used to treat various types of cancer. we expect the transaction to close late in the first quarter or early in the second quarter of 2021, subject to the satisfaction of regulatory approvals and other closing conditions.
financial results our global net sales totaled $11.7 billion in 2020, an increase of 3% over 2019 on both a reported and constant currency basis. international sales totaled $6.8 billion in 2020, an increase of 4% compared to 2019 on a reported basis and 5% on a constant currency basis. sales in the united states totaled $4.9 billion in 2020, an increase of 1% compared to 2019. refer to the net sales discussion in the results of operations section below for more information related to changes in net sales on a constant currency basis.
our income from continuing operations totaled $1.1 billion, or $2.13 per diluted share, in 2020. income from continuing operations in 2020 included special items which resulted in a net decrease to income from continuing operations of $495 million, or $0.96 per diluted share. our special items are discussed in the results of operations section below.
our financial results included r&d expenses totaling $521 million in 2020, which reflects our focus on balancing investments to support our new product pipeline with efforts to optimize overall r&d spending.
our financial position remains strong, with operating cash flows from continuing operations totaling $1.9 billion in 2020. we have continued to execute on our disciplined capital allocation framework, which is designed to optimize stockholder value creation through reinvestment in our businesses, dividends and share repurchases, as well as acquisitions and other business development initiatives as discussed in the strategic objectives section below.
capital expenditures totaled $709 million in 2020 as we continue to invest across our businesses to support future growth, including additional investments in support of new and existing product capacity expansions. our investments in capital expenditures in 2020 were focused on projects that improve production efficiency and enhance manufacturing capabilities to support our strategy of geographic expansion with select investments in growing markets.
we also continued to return value to our stockholders in the form of dividends. during 2020, we paid cash dividends to our stockholders totaling $473 million. additionally, in 2020 we repurchased 6.3 million shares through cash repurchases pursuant to a rule 10b5-1 repurchase plan. for information on our share repurchase plans, see note 8 in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
strategic objectives we continue to focus on several key objectives to successfully execute our long-term strategy to achieve sustainable growth and deliver enhanced stockholder value. our diversified and broad portfolio of medical products that treat life-threatening acute or chronic conditions and our global presence are core components of our strategy to achieve these objectives. we are focused on three strategic factors as part of our pursuit of industry leading performance: optimizing our core portfolio globally; operational excellence focused on streamlining our cost structure and enhancing operational efficiency; and maintaining a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation.
optimizing the core portfolio globally our global product portfolio optimization strategy identifies products that we believe to have characteristics of core growth, products that we expect to provide us with a core return on capital, products that we intend to maintain or manage differently and products that we consider to be strategic bets. for products with core growth characteristics, we look to invest for long-term, higher margin growth. for products that we expect to generate a core return on capital, we seek to optimize our return on investment and to maintain or enhance our market position. for products that we intend to maintain or manage differently, we look to sustain or reposition our underlying investment. finally, we are evaluating our market position and investment strategy for products that we consider to be strategic bets.
as part of our portfolio management strategy, we seek to optimize our position in product areas where we have a stable, profitable business model, identify and alter investments in products that have reached the end of their life cycles or for which market positions have evolved unfavorably. in the course of doing so, we expect to continue to reallocate capital to more promising opportunities or business groupings, as described above.
as part of this strategy, we are shifting our investments to drive innovation in product areas where we have compelling opportunities to serve patients and healthcare professionals while advancing our business and we are accelerating the pace in which we bring these advances to market. we are in the midst of launching several new products, geographic expansions and line extensions by 2023 including in such areas as chronic and acute renal care, smart pump technology, hospital pharmaceuticals and nutritionals, surgical sealants, and more. these comprise a mix of entirely new offerings, improvements on existing technologies, and the expansion of current products into new geographies.
operational excellence we have undertaken a comprehensive review of all aspects of our operations and are actively implementing changes in line with our business goals. as part of our pursuit of improved margin performance, we are working to optimize our cost structure and we are critically assessing optimal support levels in light of our ongoing portfolio optimization efforts. we intend to continue to actively manage our cost structure to help ensure that we are committing resources to the highest value uses. such high value activities include supporting innovation, building out the portfolio, expanding patient access and accelerating growth for our stockholders.
maintaining disciplined and balanced capital allocation our capital allocation strategies include the following:
•reinvest in the business by funding opportunities that are positioned to deliver sustainable growth, support our innovation efforts and improve margin performance;
•return capital to stockholders through dividends, which we expect to meaningfully increase with earnings growth;
•share repurchases; and
•identify and pursue accretive merger and acquisition (m&a) opportunities.
responsible corporate citizen we strive for continued growth and profitability, while furthering our focus on acting as a responsible corporate citizen. to us, sustainability means creating lasting social, environmental and economic value by addressing the needs of our wide-ranging stakeholder base. our comprehensive sustainability program is focused on areas in which we are uniquely positioned to make a positive impact. priorities include providing employees a safe, healthy and inclusive workplace, fostering a culture that drives integrity, strengthening access to healthcare, enhancing math and science education, and driving environmental performance across the product life cycle, including development, manufacturing and transport. along with the baxter international foundation, we provide financial support and product donations in support of critical needs, from assisting underserved communities to providing emergency relief for countries experiencing natural disasters.
throughout 2020, we continued to implement a range of water conservation strategies and facility-based energy saving initiatives. in the area of product stewardship and life cycle management, we are pursuing efforts such as sustainable design and reduced packaging. we are also responding to the challenges of climate change through innovative greenhouse gas emissions-reduction programs, such as shifting to less carbon-intensive energy sources in manufacturing and transport. additionally, we monitor our progress against long-term goals to drive continued environmental stewardship while creating healthier, more sustainable communities where our employees work and live.
risk factors our ability to sustain long-term growth and successfully execute the strategies discussed above depends in part on our ability to manage within an increasingly competitive and regulated environment and to address the other risk factors described in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
results of operations special items the following table provides a summary of our special items and the related impact by line item on our results of continuing operations for 2020, 2019 and 2018.
