item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in this annual report on form 10-k ("annual report"), the term "celanese" refers to celanese corporation, a delaware corporation, and not its subsidiaries. the terms the "company," "we," "our" and "us," refer to celanese and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. the term "celanese us" refers to the company's subsidiary, celanese us holdings llc, a delaware limited liability company, and not its subsidiaries.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("us gaap").
investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements contained in this section and other parts of this annual report involve both risk and uncertainty. several important factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by these statements. many of these statements are macroeconomic in nature and are, therefore, beyond the control of management. see "forward-looking statements" below.
forward-looking statements management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") and other parts of this annual report contain certain forward-looking statements and information relating to us that are based on the beliefs of our management as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, us. generally, words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "may," "can," "could," "might," and "will," and similar expressions, as they relate to us are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements reflect our current views and beliefs with respect to future events at the time that the statements are made, are not historical facts or guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of our control. further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove to be accurate. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements" at the beginning of this annual report for further discussion.
covid-19 update on march 11, 2020, the world health organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus ("covid-19") as a pandemic, which originated in china and has spread throughout the world to substantially all locations where we have offices, production facilities, customers and suppliers, creating a dynamic and challenging situation worldwide. the covid-19 pandemic is evolving, and to date has led to the implementation of various responses, including government-imposed quarantines, stay-at-home restrictions, travel restrictions and other public health and safety measures.
our employees' health and well-being continue to be of vital importance. for employees who are working in plants and who have returned to the office, we have implemented government recommended protocols and best practices related to social distancing and best hygiene practices, including the use of additional personal protective equipment and enhanced cleaning protocols, where appropriate. we have also restricted visitor access and non-essential business travel. we have a global crisis team in place monitoring the evolving situation and recommending risk mitigation actions, including workplace health and safety measures. we also have site activation teams at all locations to guide and implement our careful return-to-office efforts in accordance with government regulations and recommended protocols. our presence in china provided us with an advance view of how covid-19 scenarios can unfold as well as the importance of taking early action.
we operate within a geographically-balanced global footprint and have the ability to utilize different production and distribution strategies depending on the business and product to satisfy customer demands. we continue to pursue our existing operational strategy. where we temporarily reduced run rates in prior quarters, our plants are now operating at more normalized levels, and we have been able to maintain a largely consistent supply chain. during the first half of 2020, the effects of covid-19 and related actions to control its spread had a significant, negative impact on the operating results of our engineered materials and acetyl chain segments. however, during the second half of 2020, consumer demand for most applications increased within many regions of the world, particularly in china and the us, which have rebounded to pre-covid-19 levels. in engineered materials, demand has returned to pre-covid-19 levels for automotive and consumer goods such as electronics and appliances. applications including food and beverage, pharma and 5g infrastructure continue to be resilient. demand for medical applications remains at slightly reduced levels as a result of delayed elective surgeries. in the acetyl chain, we benefit from a highly diversified set of end-uses with less exposure, relative to others in the industry, to end markets that have been most acutely impacted by covid-19. however, the low acetic acid pricing, along with volatility with global oil markets, presented a deflationary environment for the acetyl chain business for the year ended december 31, 2020. that trend began to reverse toward the end of 2020 as recent increases in raw material prices and demand levels had a beneficial impact on pricing within the acetyl chain. further, we see resiliency and even growth in some applications within all of our segments, including packaging, hygiene products, disinfectants, pharma, paints, bonding agents and cigarettes. we currently anticipate that customer demand and our results of operations should continue on a more normalized basis in 2021, assuming effective rollout of vaccines and absent a resurgence of covid-19, as the economies in which we operate continue to recover.
we have taken, and will continue to take, actions as necessary to mitigate the impact of covid-19 on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. we managed inventory levels, reduced our manufacturing costs and optimized our working capital. we have reduced discretionary spending such as travel and other corporate functional expenses. although significant layoffs have not occurred within the company during the year ended december 31, 2020, a small number of positions have been eliminated under a global restructuring program implemented largely as a result of cost cutting initiatives as part of our ongoing commitment to driving efficiencies and on which decisions were made before, and independently from, the onset of the pandemic.
we are actively managing our business to maintain cash flow, and we believe that liquidity from (i) cash generated from operations; (ii) cash on hand; (iii) dividends from our portfolio of strategic investments; and (iv) cash available from our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization facility, will be sufficient to meet our operational and capital investment needs and financial obligations for the foreseeable future. we remain in compliance with the financial covenants under our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and expect to remain in compliance based on our current expectation of future results of operations.
capital expenditures were $364 million for the year ended december 31, 2020 and are expected to be in the range of $450 million to $500 million in 2021, prioritizing those projects that continue to drive productivity in the near-term. we remain fully committed to our current cash dividend. during the year ended december 31, 2020, we completed $650 million of share repurchases and expect to purchase approximately $400 million to $500 million of additional shares in 2021.
the extent to which covid-19 will adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors, which are highly uncertain, rapidly changing and cannot be predicted. for further information regarding the impact covid-19 could have on our business, financial condition and results of operations, see item 1a. risk factors. for further discussion of our liquidity condition, see liquidity and capital resources in this item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
risk factors
