item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview our business huntington ingalls industries, inc. is america's largest military shipbuilding company and a provider of professional services to partners in government and industry. for more than a century, our ingalls segment in mississippi and newport news segment in virginia have built more ships in more ship classes than any other u.s. naval shipbuilder. we also provide a range of services to the governmental and energy markets through our technical solutions segment. headquartered in newport news, virginia, hii employs approximately 42,000 people both domestically and internationally.
we conduct most of our business with the u.s. government, primarily the dod. as prime contractor, principal subcontractor, team member, or partner, we participate in many high-priority u.s. defense programs. ingalls includes our non-nuclear ship design, construction, repair, and maintenance businesses. newport news includes all of our nuclear ship design, construction, overhaul, refueling, and repair and maintenance businesses. our technical solutions segment provides a wide range of professional services, including dfs, nuclear and environmental, and unmanned systems.
the following discussion should be read along with the audited consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
business environment covid-19 pandemic - the covid-19 global pandemic has had wide ranging effects on the global health environment and disrupted the global and u.s. economies and financial markets, including impacts to our employees, customers, suppliers, and communities (collectively, "covid-19 events"). covid-19 events are also impacting our operations, and the continuing impacts are uncertain. the most significant elements of uncertainty have been the intensity and duration of the impact on our employees' ability to work effectively, disruption in our supply chain, disruption of the u.s. government's and our other customers' abilities to perform their obligations, and impact on pension assets and other investment performance.
we are aggressively managing our response to the uncertainties regarding covid-19 events. our primary focus has been to minimize the risk to our employees by updating leave policies, increasing telecommuting, and making benefits changes to provide employees maximum flexibility. we have also adjusted policies and workspaces to align with centers for disease control and prevention ("cdc") guidelines and to support social distancing, including increased sanitation efforts, personal protective equipment for employees, and suspension of all non-essential work travel. as a result, we have incurred and expect to continue incurring costs related to covid-19 events, including paid leave, quarantining employees and recurring facility cleaning. while our shipyards and other facilities remain open and productive, we experienced temporary decreases in workforce attendance, which impacted our operations due to delay and disruption from the lack of availability of critical skills and out-of-sequence work. as of december 31, 2020, workforce attendance has returned to standard rates.
under section 3610 of the cares act, contractors may submit claims for employee paid time off caused by restrictions from covid-19 events in circumstances where the employee could not work remotely. such instances may include paid time off for employees to allow for plant decontamination, idle time due to social distancing restrictions, paid time off to take care of dependents impacted by government ordered school or day care closures, and employee quarantines due to travel restrictions or coming into contact, being diagnosed, or taking care of someone diagnosed with covid-19. we have taken steps to preserve our rights to pursue such claims for ourselves and our subcontractors.
while costs related to covid-19 events are allowable under u.s. government contracts, our contract estimates reflect margin impact uncertainty, because such costs may not result in equitable adjustments, particularly on firm fixed price and fixed price incentive contracts, or may not be adequately covered by insurance. our reinsurers have failed to acknowledge coverage for various losses related to covid-19, and we filed a complaint in state court in vermont seeking a judgment declaring that our business interruption and other losses associated with covid-19 are covered by our property insurance program. although we believe that our position is well-founded, no assurance can be provided regarding the ultimate resolution of this matter. see note 15: investigations, claims, and litigation in item 8.
we also have no assurance that congress will appropriate sufficient funds to cover the reimbursement of costs contemplated by the cares act. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we recognized across all of our programs an aggregate unfavorable impact on operating margin of $61 million for delay and disruption cost estimates directly attributable to covid-19 events. we also are deferring certain payroll taxes pursuant to the cares act, which has the effect of increasing our cash from operations in 2020, but reducing cash from operations in 2021 and 2022.
we have also focused on actively supporting our customers, suppliers and communities. we have been proactive in engaging with our u.s. government customers regarding future contract adjustments. while there has been no change in contract terms or substantial degradation in timely payments from customers, we have experienced delays in decisions on certain contract awards. we are unable to predict how our customers will allocate resources in the future as they react to the evolving demands of the covid-19 response. we have accelerated payments to small business suppliers in an effort to minimize supply chain disruption. to complement these efforts, we took actions to enhance liquidity and strengthen our balance sheet by issuing $1 billion in new senior notes and entering into an incremental $500 million revolving credit facility. while we decided to temporarily halt stock repurchases during this time of uncertainty, we view share repurchases as an integral part of our capital allocation strategy. we intend to resume share repurchases once we see sustained normalization of activity related to covid-19.
while there remains substantial uncertainty regarding the impact of covid-19 events going forward, our crisis management team meets regularly to assess the covid-19 environment and prioritizes our flexibility to respond to new developments. our employees, suppliers, customers, and communities have faced significant challenges, and we cannot predict how the covid-19 environment will continue to evolve or the full impact it will have. for further information on the potential impact of covid-19 events to the company, see item 1a "risk factors".
u.s. government contracts - long-term uncertainty exists with respect to overall levels of defense spending across the future years' defense plan, and it is likely that u.s. government discretionary spending levels will continue to be subject to significant pressure.
the fiscal year 2021 budget cycle ultimately concluded with the passage and enactment of defense authorization and defense appropriations measures. both pieces of legislation broadly supported shipbuilding programs, including funding and authority for an additional virginia class submarine, the bundled purchase of lha 9 (unnamed) with lpd 32 (unnamed) and lpd 33 (unnamed), and long-lead material for an additional arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyer. the final bills also continued support of the dual purchase of enterprise (cvn 80) and doris miller (cvn 81), as well as the refueling and complex overhaul of uss john c. stennis (cvn 74).
long-term funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed, or canceled. in addition, spending cuts and/or reprioritization of defense investment could adversely affect the viability of our suppliers, subcontractors, and employee base. our contracts or subcontracts under programs in which we participate may be terminated or adjusted by the u.s. government or the prime contractor as a result of lack of government funding or reductions or delays in government funding. significant reductions in the number of ships procured by the u.s. navy or significant delays in funding our ship programs would have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
the budget environment remains a significant long-term risk. considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will develop and what challenges budget changes will present for the defense industry. we believe continued budget pressures will have serious implications for defense discretionary spending, the defense industrial base, including us, and the customers, employees, suppliers, subcontractors, investors, and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. although it is difficult to determine specific impacts, we expect that over the longer term, the budget environment may result in fewer contract awards and lower revenues, profits, and cash flows from our u.s. government contracts. it is likely budget and program decisions made in this environment will have long-term impacts on us and the entire defense industry.
defense industry overview the united states faces a complex, uncertain, and rapidly changing national security environment. the 2018 national defense strategy acknowledges an increasingly complex global security environment, characterized by overt challenges to the free and open international order and the re-emergence of long-term, strategic competition between nations. america also faces an ever more lethal and disruptive battlefield, combined across domains, and conducted at increasing speed and reach. the security environment is also affected by rapid technological advancements and the changing character of war. the drive to develop new capabilities and enhance lethality is relentless, expanding to address emerging threats from peer-competitors as well as actors with lower barriers of entry, and moving at accelerating speed. new capabilities and lethality enhancements include unmanned and autonomous systems and platforms; hypersonics; directed energy; resilient networks; command, control, communications, computers, cyber, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, and targeting ("c5isr&t") requirements; and fleet design.
we expect that execution of the dod strategy will require an affordable balance between investments in enhancing the readiness of the current force with investments in new capabilities, force constructs, technologies, and capacity to meet future challenges. the dod also faces the additional challenges of recapitalizing aging infrastructure, including the naval shipyards, and transforming manpower, personnel, training, and education to recruit and retain an empowered force. other budget priorities could have a significant impact on future spending plans for defense and non-defense discretionary programs. decreases in the proposed funding levels for our programs could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, including revenues, goodwill, and long-lived assets.
we also anticipate that the u.s. navy's warfighting strategy will continue to emphasize sea control and sea denial that enables power projection against adversaries with long-range weapons and full-spectrum joint domain capabilities. additionally, the navy will likely continue to employ the evolving concept of distributed maritime operations ("dmo"), which features multiple sensors and shooters that are widely dispersed across a broad range of manned and unmanned platforms and linked through resilient networks. for the united states marine corps ("usmc"), the commandant's guidance returns the corps to its maritime roots by evolving from a force requirement of 38 large amphibious warships in support of "2.0" marine expeditionary brigades to a force trained and equipped as a naval expeditionary force-in-readiness and prepared to operate inside actively contested maritime spaces in support of fleet operations. in addition to employment of assets such as lhas, lpds, and dock landing ships ("lsd"), the usmc's anticipated force may also feature an expanded assortment of smaller platforms, landing craft, and connectors that are manned, minimally-manned, and unmanned and exploit autonomy and artificial intelligence.
in december 2019, the chief of naval operations released "fragmentary order 01/2019: a design for maintaining maritime superiority". the order was written to simplify, prioritize, and build upon the foundation of "design 2.0," released in 2018, and focus the u.s. navy's efforts on "warfighting, warfighters, and the future navy". the end-state for the "warfighting" tenet is a u.s. navy that is ready to win across the full range of military operations in competition, crisis, and contingency by persistently operating forward with agility and flexibility in an all-domain battlespace. the end-state for the "warfighters" tenet is a world-class naval force through recruitment, education, training, and retention of talented americans - a force that empowers u.s. navy families. the end-state for the "future navy" tenet envisions a fleet designed to ensure the wholeness of combat capability and lethal forces maximizing the benefits of dmo, expeditionary advanced base operations, and littoral operations in a contested environment. manned and unmanned technology will be used to expand reach, lethality, and warfighter awareness.
while the force objective of 355 ships has been memorialized as national policy by the 2018 ships act, both the congressional research service and congressional budget office have estimated that additional ships would need to be added to the u.s. navy's 30-year plan to achieve an objective of 355 ships or greater unless the navy extends the service lives of existing ships and reactivates recently retired ships.
in december 2020, the outgoing administration released its vision for the navy's future force structure in a fiscal year 2022 30-year navy shipbuilding plan. the plan envisions achievement of the navy's force-level goal through a distributed fleet architecture, including 382 to 446 manned ships and 143 to 242 large unmanned vehicles by 2045. the incoming administration can choose to adopt, revise, or set aside this plan, and is required by law to submit a fiscal year 2022 30-year (fiscal year 2022-fiscal year 2051) navy shipbuilding plan in conjunction with its proposed fiscal year 2022 defense budget. although the executive branch is required by law to submit a 30-year shipbuilding plan each year in conjunction with its annual budget submission, previous administrations have sometimes chosen not to submit a 30-year shipbuilding plans during their first year in office in order to spend that year reviewing and revising the defense strategy, plans, and programs upon which future 30-year shipbuilding plans will be based.
in january 2021, the chief of naval operations released his 2021 navigation plan, which echoes the themes of the fiscal year 2022 shipbuilding plan and details how the navy will focus on improving its readiness, capability, and capacity in the next decade to maintain its advantage at sea. in particular, the plan calls for the u.s. to modernize the fleet and take advantage of emerging technologies. the plan also states the navy needs to improve planning maintenance availabilities, improve operational level maintenance practices, and provide predictable requirements to industry. additionally, the plan anticipates that the navy will have to divest from some programs to build naval power in other areas. this includes planned divestment of some legacy platforms and transfer of non-core missions to other military services.
the shipbuilding defense industry, as characterized by its competitors, customers, suppliers, potential entrants, and substitutes, is unique in many ways. it is heavily capital and skilled labor intensive. the u.s. navy, a large single customer with many needs and requirements, dominates the industry's customer base and is served by an increasingly fragile supplier base that has trended toward exclusive providers. smaller shipyards, however, have entered the market to build the u.s. navy's littoral combat ship and the market for the future frigate program.
the dod continues to adjust its procurement practices and streamline acquisition organizations and processes in an ongoing effort to reduce costs, gain efficiencies, and enhance program management and control. additionally, the u.s. navy must compete with other national priorities, including other defense activities, non-defense discretionary spending, supplemental spending for covid-19 relief, and entitlement programs, for a share of federal budget funding. while the impact to our business resulting from these developments remains uncertain, they could have a material impact on current programs, as well as new business opportunities with the dod. see risk factors in item 1a.
program descriptions for convenience, a brief description of certain programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k is included in the glossary of programs.
contracts we generate most of our revenues from long-term u.s. government contracts for design, production, and support activities. government contracts typically include the following cost elements: direct material, labor and subcontracting costs, and certain indirect costs, including allowable general and administrative expenses. unless otherwise specified in a contract, costs billed to contracts with the u.s. government are treated as allowable and allocable costs under the far and cas regulations. examples of costs incurred by us that are not allowable under the far and cas regulations include certain legal costs, lobbying costs, charitable donations, interest expense, and advertising costs.
we monitor our policies and procedures with respect to our contracts on a regular basis to ensure consistent application under similar terms and conditions, as well as compliance with all applicable government regulations. in addition, the dcaa routinely audits the costs we incur that are allocated to contracts with the u.s. government.
our contracts typically fall into one of four categories: firm fixed-price, fixed-price incentive, cost-type, and time and materials. see note 7: revenue in item 8.
•firm fixed-price contracts - a firm fixed-price contract is a contract in which the specified scope of work is agreed to for a price that is predetermined by bid or negotiation and not generally subject to adjustment regardless of costs incurred by the contractor.
•fixed-price incentive contracts - fixed-price incentive contracts provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs, but are subject to a cost-share limit that affects profitability. fixed-price incentive contracts effectively become firm fixed-price contracts once the cost-share limit is reached.
•cost-type contracts - cost-type contracts provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs plus a fee that represents profit. cost-type contracts generally require that the contractor use its reasonable efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within some specified time and some stated dollar limitation.
•time and materials - time and materials contracts specify a fixed hourly billing rate for each direct labor hour expended and reimbursement for allowable material costs and expenses.
contract fees - negotiated contract fee structures include: fixed fee amounts, cost sharing arrangements to reward or penalize contractors for under or over cost target performance, respectively, positive award fees, and negative penalty arrangements. profit margins may vary materially depending on the negotiated contract fee arrangements, percentage-of-completion of the contract, the achievement of performance objectives, and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined.
award fees - certain contracts contain award fees based on performance criteria such as cost, schedule, quality, and technical performance. award fees are determined and earned based on an evaluation by the customer of our performance against such negotiated criteria. we consider award fees to be variable consideration and generally include these fees in the transaction price using a most likely amount approach. award fees are limited to the extent of funding allotted by the customer and available for performance and those amounts for which a significant reversal of revenue is not probable.
critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. management considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to our financial condition and results of operations and requires significant judgment and estimates by management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by our management. we have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. due to the significant judgment involved in selecting certain of the assumptions used in these policies, it is possible that different parties could choose different assumptions and reach different conclusions. we consider our policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies:
•revenue recognition;
•purchase accounting, goodwill, and intangible assets;
•litigation, commitments, and contingencies;
•retirement related benefit plans; and
•workers' compensation.
we have incorporated realized and estimated future effects of covid-19 events, based upon current conditions and our judgment of the future impacts of covid-19 events, with respect to contract costs and revenue recognition, effective income tax rates, and the fair values of our long-lived assets, financial instruments, intangible assets, and goodwill recorded at our reporting units. see note 2: basis of presentation in item 8.
revenue recognition most of our revenues are derived from long-term contracts for the production of goods and services provided to the u.s. government, which are generally accounted for by recognizing revenues over time using a cost-to-cost measure of progress. the use of the cost-to-cost method to measure performance progress over time is supported by clauses in the related contracts that allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience, pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit, and take control of any work in process.
when the customer is not a u.s. government entity, we may recognize revenue over time or at a point in time when control transfers upon delivery, depending upon the facts and circumstances of the related arrangement. when we determine that revenue should be recognized over time, we utilize a measure of progress that best depicts the transfer of control of the relevant goods and services to the customer. generally, the terms and conditions of the contracts result in a transfer of control over the related goods and services as we satisfy our performance obligations. accordingly, we recognize revenue over time using the cost-to-cost method to measure performance progress. we may, however, utilize a measure of progress other than cost-to-cost, such as a labor-based measure of progress, if the terms and conditions of the arrangement require such accounting.
when using the cost-to-cost method to measure performance progress, certain contracts may include costs that are not representative of performance progress, such as large upfront purchases of uninstalled materials, unexpected waste, or inefficiencies. in these cases, we adjust our measure of progress to exclude such costs, with the goal of better reflecting the transfer of control over the related goods or services to the customer and recognizing revenue only to the extent of the costs incurred that reflect our performance under the contract.
in addition, for time and material arrangements, we often utilize the practical expedient allowing the recognition of revenue in the amount we invoice, which corresponds with the value provided to the customer and to which we are entitled to payment for performance to date.
a performance obligation is a promise to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account for which revenue is recognized. to determine the proper revenue recognition method, consideration is given to whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as one contract and whether a single contract consists of more than one performance obligation. for contracts with multiple performance obligations, the contract transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation using an estimate of the standalone selling price based upon expected cost plus a margin at contract inception, which is generally the price disclosed in the contract. contracts are often modified to account for changes in contract specifications and requirements. in the majority of circumstances, modifications do not result in additional performance obligations that are distinct from the existing performance obligations in the contract, and the effects of the modifications are recognized as an adjustment to revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis. alternatively, in instances in which the performance obligations in the modifications are deemed distinct, contract modifications are accounted for prospectively.
the amount of revenue recognized as we satisfy performance obligations associated with contracts with customers is based upon the determination of transaction price. transaction price reflects the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled for performance under the terms and conditions of the relevant contract and may reflect fixed and variable components, including shareline incentive fees whereby the value of the contract is variable based upon the amount of costs incurred, as well as other incentive fees based upon achievement of contractual schedule commitments or other specified criteria in the contract. shareline incentive fees are determined based upon the formula under the relevant contract using our estimated cost to complete for each period. we generally utilize a most likely amount approach to estimate variable consideration. in all such instances, the estimated revenues represent those amounts for which we believe a significant reversal of revenue is not probable.
contract estimates - in estimating contract costs, we utilize a profit-booking rate based upon performance expectations that takes into consideration a number of assumptions and estimates regarding risks related to technical requirements, feasibility, schedule, and contract costs. management performs periodic reviews of the contracts to evaluate the underlying risks, which may increase the profit-booking rate as we are able to mitigate and retire such risks. conversely, if we are not able to retire these risks, cost estimates may increase, resulting in a lower profit-booking rate.
the cost estimation process requires significant judgment based upon the professional knowledge and experience of our engineers, program managers, and financial professionals. factors considered in estimating the work to be completed and ultimate contract recovery include the availability, productivity, and cost of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the effect of change orders, the availability of materials, the effect of any performance delays, the availability and timing of funding from the customer, and the recoverability of any claims included in the estimates to complete.
changes in estimates of sales, costs, and profits on a performance obligation are recognized using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting, which recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes in current and prior periods.
for the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, favorable and unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were as follows:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                     2020                   2019                      2018
gross favorable adjustments                     $244                      $247                      $225
gross unfavorable adjustments                  (273)                     (151)                     (115)
net adjustments                                $(29)                       $96                      $110
for the year ended december 31, 2020, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments included risk retirement on delbert d. black (ddg 119) in connection with its delivery and a capital expenditure contract incentive, naval nuclear support services, the san antonio class (lpd 17) program, and other individually insignificant adjustments.
during the same period, unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily driven by $111 million in the second quarter of 2020 on the block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, including $95 million for cost and schedule performance and updates to our assumptions for future program efficiencies and performance as a result of cost and schedule trends. our risk retirement assumptions on block iv boats anticipated boat-to-boat cost and schedule improvements working down the learning curve, but performance trends, exacerbated by the covid-19 events, made those improvements less likely to occur. unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments on the block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program also included $16 million from delay and disruption directly attributable to covid-19 events due to lower employee attendance, decreased availability of critical skills, and out-of-sequence work. unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments across all programs resulting from delay and disruption cost estimates for discrete covid-19 events were $61 million, including $16 million in relation to the block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, discussed above.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were related to contract changes on submarine support services, risk retirement on the legend class nsc program, surface combatants, and the rcoh of uss george washington (cvn 73), as well as other individually insignificant adjustments. during the same period, unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments included recognition of a forward loss on a fleet support services contract and schedule delays on uss tripoli (lha 7), as well as other individually insignificant adjustments.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were related to risk retirement on the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, the legend class nsc program, uss portland (lpd 27), and fort lauderdale (lpd 28), as well as other individually insignificant adjustments. during the same period, unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were related to the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, including lower performance on delaware (ssn 791) and montana (ssn 794), and other individually insignificant adjustments.
when estimates of total costs to be incurred exceed estimates of total revenue to be earned on a performance obligation related to a complex, construction-type contract, we recognize a provision for the entire loss on the performance obligation in the period the loss is determined.
purchase accounting, goodwill, and intangible assets goodwill - goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of identifiable net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. the amount of our goodwill as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, was $1,617 million and $1,373 million, respectively.
tests for impairment - we perform impairment tests for goodwill as of november 30 of each year, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. when testing goodwill, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, we record a charge to operations.
we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of discounted cash flow analysis and market based valuation methodologies. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgment, including judgments about projected revenues, operating expenses, working capital investment, capital expenditures, and cash flows over a multi-year period. the discount rate applied to our forecasts of future cash flows is based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital. in assessing the reasonableness of our determined fair values, we evaluate our results against our market capitalization. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
november 30, 2020 impairment test - in connection with our annual goodwill impairment test, we tested goodwill for each of our three reporting units with goodwill balances. as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test, we estimated that the fair value of the government services reporting unit within the technical solutions segment exceeded carrying value by less than 10%. we determined that the estimated fair values of our remaining reporting units exceeded by more than 10% their corresponding carrying values as of november 30, 2020.
november 30, 2019 impairment test - in connection with our annual goodwill impairment test, we tested goodwill for each of our four reporting units. as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test, we determined that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded by more than 10% its corresponding carrying value as of november 30, 2019, except for the oil and gas reporting unit in our technical solutions segment.
our determination of fair value as of november 30, 2019, of our oil and gas reporting unit considered the slower than expected growth in operating margin, a revised long-term outlook for the reporting unit, and less favorable market conditions. the analysis concluded the fair value of this reporting unit was less than its carrying value as of november 30, 2019, and we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $29 million at our oil and gas reporting unit in our technical solutions segment in the fourth quarter of 2019.
november 30, 2018 impairment test - in connection with our annual goodwill impairment test, we tested goodwill for each of our four reporting units. as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test, we determined that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded by more than 10% its corresponding carrying value as of november 30, 2018.
other intangible assets - we perform tests for impairment of amortizable intangible assets whenever events or circumstances suggest that amortizable intangible assets may be impaired.
litigation, commitments, and contingencies overview - we are subject to a range of legal proceedings before various courts and administrative agencies and are periodically subject to government examinations, inquiries, and investigations that arise in the ordinary course of business. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires judgment and assessment based upon professional knowledge and the experience of management and our internal and external legal counsel. in accordance with our practices relating to accounting for contingencies, we record charges to earnings when we determine, after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of each matter, including any settlement offers, that it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the ultimate resolution of any such exposure may vary from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances become known.
environmental accruals - we are subject to the environmental laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we conduct operations. we record a liability for the costs of expected environmental remediation obligations when we determine that it is probable we will incur such costs and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. when a range of costs is possible and no amount within that range is a better estimate than another, we record the minimum amount of the range.
factors that could result in changes to the assessment of probability, range of estimated costs, and environmental liability accruals include: modification of planned remedial actions, increase or decrease in the estimated time required to remediate, discovery of more extensive contamination than anticipated, results of efforts to involve other legally responsible parties, financial insolvency of other responsible parties, changes in laws and regulations or contractual obligations affecting remediation requirements, and improvements in remediation technology. although we cannot predict whether new information gained as remediation projects progress will materially affect the accrued liability, we do not believe that future remediation expenditures will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
asset retirement obligations - we record all known asset retirement obligations for which the liability's fair value can be reasonably estimated, including certain asbestos removal, asset decommissioning, and contractual lease restoration obligations. recorded amounts as of each of december 31, 2020 and 2019, were immaterial. see note 2: summary of significant accounting policies in item 8.
we also have known conditional asset retirement obligations related to assets currently in use, such as certain asbestos remediation and asset decommissioning activities to be performed in the future, that were not reasonably estimable as of december 31, 2020, due to insufficient information about the timing and method of settlement of the obligation. accordingly, the fair value of these obligations has not been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. environmental remediation and/or asset decommissioning of facilities currently in use may be required when we cease to utilize these facilities. in addition, there may be conditional environmental asset retirement obligations that we have not yet discovered (for example, asbestos of which we have not become aware through normal business operations may exist in certain buildings), and these obligations have therefore not been included in our consolidated financial statements.
litigation accruals - litigation accruals are recorded as charges to earnings when management has determined, after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of each matter, including any settlement offers, that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the ultimate resolution of any exposure may vary from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances become known. based upon the information available, we believe that the resolution of any of these various legal proceedings will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
uncertain tax positions - uncertain tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, based on the merits of the position, are recognized in the financial statements. we recognize the amount of a tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. if a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties, we recognize an expense for the amount of the penalty in the period the tax position is claimed or expected to be claimed in our tax return. penalties and accrued interest related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized as a component of income tax expense. see note 13: income taxes in item 8. changes in accruals associated with unrecognized tax benefits are recorded in earnings in the period they are determined.
retirement related benefit plans we recognize, on a plan-by-plan basis, the funded status of our retirement related benefit plans as an asset or liability on our balance sheet, with corresponding adjustments to after-tax accumulated other comprehensive loss and deferred tax assets or liabilities. the funded status represents the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. see note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8.
we calculate our retirement related benefit plan costs under both cas and u.s. gaap financial accounting standards ("fas"). the calculations under cas and fas require significant judgment. cas prescribes the determination, allocation, and recovery of retirement related benefit plan costs on u.s. government contracts through the pricing of products and services. fas prescribes the methodology used to determine retirement related benefit plan expense or income, as well as the liability, for financial reporting purposes. the cas requirements for these costs and their calculation methodologies differ from fas. as a result, while both cas and fas use assumptions in their calculation methodologies, each method results in different calculated amounts of retirement related benefit plan costs.
retirement related benefit plan costs are allocated to our u.s. government contracts as allowable costs based upon cas. we recover our cas costs through the pricing of products and services on u.s. government contracts, so that the cas cost is recognized in segment product sales and service revenues and in the costs of those product sales and service revenues. in order to present our consolidated financial statements in accordance with fas, we record the difference between our fas expense and cas cost ("fas/cas adjustment") as operating income within segment operating income and non-operating retirement benefit (expense).
the minimum funding requirements for our qualified pension plans are determined under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa"), which is primarily based on the year's expected service cost and amortization of other previously unfunded liabilities. effective january 1, 2011, we were subject to the funding requirements under the pension protection act of 2006 ("ppa"), which amended erisa. under the ppa, we are required to fully fund our pension plans over a rolling seven-year period as determined annually based upon the funded status at the beginning of each year. ppa also introduced a variety of benefit restrictions that apply if a plan falls below certain funded percentages, as defined by the internal revenue code. in funding our plans, we consider various factors, including the minimum funding requirements, maintaining the funded status needed to avoid potential benefit restrictions and other adverse consequences, maintaining minimum cas funding requirements, and the current and anticipated funding levels of each plan.
effective january 1, 2021, we adopted the safe harbor methodology used in determining cas pension costs. under the new methodology, the interest rates used to calculate pension liabilities under cas are consistent with those used in the determination of minimum funding requirements under erisa.
this change in cas methodology is not expected to have a material effect on our minimum pension funding requirements and no effect on benefits received by participants of the pension plans. while cas costs under the new methodology are generally expected to be comparable over the life of a plan on a net present value basis, the change is expected to decrease cas costs due to the higher interest rates applicable with funding relief, thus resulting in a lower fas/cas adjustment. based on current interest rate conditions, we also expect that pension contributions will decrease in substantially the same amount as cas costs, with limited impact to cash flows and consolidated segment operating income.
pension funding requirements under erisa are subject to pension relief for plan sponsors in the form of higher interest rate assumptions introduced by the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act and subsequently extended by the highway and transportation funding act in 2014 and the bipartisan budget act of 2015. using these minimum funding interest rates for the purposes of determining pension costs under cas reduces volatility in cas costs year-over-year and provides more predictable costs for our customers, while better aligning reimbursements of pension costs under our contracts with our required pension plan contributions under erisa.
due to the differences in requirements and calculation methodologies between fas and cas, our fas pension expense is not necessarily indicative of the funding requirements under ppa or the amounts we recover from the u.s. government under cas.
assumptions - we account for our retirement related benefit plans on the accrual basis under fas. the measurements of obligations, costs, assets, and liabilities require significant judgment. we annually review our assumptions, which are set at each year end and generally not changed during the following year unless a major plan event occurs, such as an amendment, curtailment, or settlement that would trigger a remeasurement. the key assumptions in these measurements are the interest rate used to discount future benefit payments and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
discount rate - the assumed discount rate under fas is used to determine the retirement related benefit plan obligations and expense, and represents the hypothetical rate at which plan benefit obligations could be effectively settled at the measurement date. consequently, the discount rate can be volatile from year to year. the discount rate assumption is determined for each plan by constructing a hypothetical portfolio of high quality bonds with cash flows that match the estimated outflows for future benefit payments to determine a single equivalent discount rate. benefit payments are not only contingent on the terms of a plan but also on the underlying participant demographics, including current age and assumed mortality. we use only bonds that are denominated in u.s. dollars, are rated aa or better by nationally recognized statistical rating agencies, have a minimum outstanding issue of $100 million as of the measurement date, and are not callable, convertible, or index-linked.
taking into consideration the factors noted above, our weighted average discount rate for pension plans was 2.80% and 3.39% as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. our weighted average discount rate for other postretirement benefits was 2.75% and 3.35% as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
expected long-term rate of return - the expected long-term rate of return on assets is used to calculate net periodic expense, based on such factors as historical returns, targeted asset allocations, investment policy, duration, expected future long-term performance of individual asset classes, interest rates, inflation, portfolio volatility, investment management and administrative fees, and risk management strategies. historical plan asset performance alone has inherent limitations in predicting future returns. while studies are helpful in understanding past and current trends and performance, the rate of return assumption is based more on long-term prospective views to avoid short-term market influences. unless plan assets and benefit obligations are subject to re-measurement during the year, the expected return on pension assets is based on the fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year. we used a 7.25% expected long-term rate of return assumption to record 2020 pension expense, and we anticipate retaining that assumption throughout 2021.
mortality - mortality assumptions are used to determine the retirement related benefit obligations and expense, and represent the likelihood and duration of benefit payments to plan participants based on historical experience and projected longevity. we periodically update our mortality assumptions as circumstances warrant.
differences arising from actual experience or changes in assumptions might materially affect retirement related benefit plan obligations and the funded status. actuarial gains and losses arising from differences between assumptions and actual experience or changes in assumptions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive loss. this unrecognized amount is amortized as a component of net expense to the extent it exceeds 10% of the greater of the plan's benefit obligation or plan assets. the amortization period for actuarial gains and losses is the estimated average remaining service life of the plan participants. in 2020, the actual return on assets was approximately 15%, which was more than the expected return assumption of 7.25%. for the year ended december 31, 2020, the weighted average discount rates for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans decreased by 59 and 60 basis points, respectively. these differences in asset returns and discount rates resulted in an actuarial gain of $541 million and an actuarial loss of $780 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2020.
an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return assumptions would have had the following approximate impacts on pension expense and obligations:
($ in millions)                increase (decrease) in 2021 expense        increase (decrease) in december 31, 2020 obligations
25 basis point decrease in discount rate                                  $29                                                  $347
25 basis point increase in discount rate                                 (28)                                                 (327)
25 basis point decrease in expected return on assets                                   19
25 basis point increase in expected return on assets                                 (19)
assuming a 7.25% expected return on assets assumption, a $50 million pension plan contribution is generally expected to favorably impact the current year expected return on assets by approximately $2 million, depending on the timing of the contribution.
sensitivities to assumptions are not necessarily linear and are specific to the time periods noted.
cas cost - in addition to providing the methodology for calculating retirement related benefit plan costs, cas also prescribes the method for assigning those costs to specific periods. while the ultimate liability for such costs under fas and cas is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. the key drivers of cas pension cost include the funded status and the method used to calculate cas reimbursement for each of our plans. a plan's cas pension cost can only be allocated until the plan is fully funded as defined under the cas requirements.
under the u.s. cost accounting standards board's final cas harmonization rule ("harmonization"), the liability used to determine cas cost is developed by comparing the liability under the previous cas methodology and assumptions to a liability based on a discount rate derived from yields on high quality corporate bonds. since harmonization became fully phased in during 2017, the greater of the two liabilities is used for cas cost calculations. generally, liabilities based on a discount rate of high quality corporate bonds will be higher than liabilities calculated prior to harmonization.
other fas and cas pension considerations - a key driver of the difference between fas expense and cas cost (and consequently the fas/cas adjustment) is the pattern of earnings and expense recognition for actuarial gains and losses that arise when our asset and liability experiences differ from our assumptions under each set of requirements. under fas, our net actuarial gains and losses exceeding the 10% corridor are amortized over the estimated average remaining service life of the plan participants. under cas harmonization, the amortization period is 10 years for actuarial gains and losses. both fas and cas use a "market-related value" of plan assets approach to calculate the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. under cas actual asset gains and losses are systematically smoothed over five years, subject to certain limitations. for fas, we do not use this smoothing method, and instead use fair value in determining our fas expense. accordingly, fas expense generally reflects recent asset gains and losses sooner than cas.
additionally, cas cost is only recognized for plans that are not fully funded as defined under cas. if a plan becomes or ceases to be fully funded due to our asset or liability experience, our cas cost will change accordingly.
the fas/cas adjustments in 2020, 2019, and 2018 were net benefits of $367 million, $136 million, and $364 million, respectively. the favorable change from 2019 to 2020 was primarily driven by more immediate recognition of the 2019 asset gains under fas and the impacts of lower discount and interest rates. the unfavorable change from 2018 to 2019 was primarily driven by more immediate recognition of the 2018 asset losses under fas and the impacts of higher discount and interest rates. our projected 2021 fas/cas adjustment is discussed in consolidated operating results - operating income.
retirement plan assets - retirement plan assets are stated at fair value. investments in equity securities (common and preferred) are valued at the last reported sales price when an active market exists. investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued based on market transactions for comparable securities and various relationships between securities that are generally recognized by institutional traders. investments in hedge funds, real estate investment funds, private partnerships, collective trust funds, and commingled funds are generally valued at their net asset values ("nav") or equivalent, which are based on the current fair value of the fund's underlying assets.
management reviews independently appraised values, audited financial statements, and additional pricing information to evaluate the nav or its equivalent.
for the limited group of investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which the above valuation procedures are deemed not to reflect fair value, additional information is obtained from the investment manager and evaluated internally to determine whether any adjustments are required to reflect fair value. see note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits, in item 8.
accumulated other comprehensive loss - changes in assumptions and changes to plan assets and benefit obligations due to differences between actuarial assumptions and actual results are reported as actuarial gains and losses and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss, along with unrecognized prior service costs arising from plan amendments. as disclosed in note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8, net pre-tax unrecognized actuarial losses as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 were $2,007 million and $1,855 million, respectively. the increase in actuarial losses in 2020 was primarily driven by a $780 million actuarial loss due to the decrease in the discount rates used to determine benefit obligations and $102 million of amortization of previously unrecognized actuarial losses, partially offset by actual asset returns, which were $541 million above expected returns.
net pre-tax unrecognized prior service costs (credits) as of december 31, 2020 and 2019 were $85 million and $50 million, respectively. these net deferred costs (credits) primarily originated from plan amendments, including those resulting from collective bargaining agreements. the change in unrecognized prior service costs (credits) in 2020 resulted from plan amendments and the amortization of previously accumulated prior service costs (credits).
workers' compensation our operations are subject to federal and state workers' compensation laws. we maintain self-insured workers' compensation plans and participate in federally administered second injury workers' compensation funds. we estimate the liability for such claims and funding requirements on a discounted basis utilizing actuarial methods based on various assumptions, which include our historical loss experience and projected loss development factors. we periodically, and at least annually, update our assumptions based on an actuarial analysis. related self-insurance accruals include the liability for reported claims and an estimated accrual for claims incurred but not reported. our workers' compensation liability was discounted at 0.92% and 1.92% as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, based on future payment streams and a risk-free rate. we estimate a 100 basis points increase in the discount rate would decrease the discounted workers compensation benefit and assessment obligation by approximately $66 million. decreasing the discount rate by 100 basis points to 0.00%, while not allowing the interest rate to be negative, increases the discounted workers compensation benefit and assessment obligation by approximately $76 million. the workers' compensation benefit obligation on an undiscounted basis was $752 million and $802 million as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
accounting standards updates see note 3: accounting standards updates in item 8 for further information.
consolidated operating results the following table presents selected financial highlights:
year ended december 31                                     2020 over 2019                                       2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                                      2020                        2019                        2018                 dollars                    percent                   dollars                    percent sales and service revenues                                     $9,361                      $8,899                      $8,176                   $462                          5    %                 $723                          9    %
cost of product sales and service revenues                      7,691                       7,368                       6,385                    323                          4    %                  983                         15    %
income from operating investments, net                             32                          22                          17                     10                         45    %                    5                         29    %
other income and gains                                              1                           -                          14                      1                          -    %                 (14)                      (100)    %
general and administrative expenses                               904                         788                         871                    116                         15    %                 (83)                       (10)    %
goodwill impairment                                                 -                          29                           -                   (29)                      (100)    %                   29                          -    %
operating income                                                  799                         736                         951                     63                          9    %                (215)                       (23)    %
interest expense                                                (114)                        (70)                        (58)                   (44)                       (63)    %                 (12)                       (21)    %
non-operating retirement benefit (expense)                        119                          12                          74                    107                        892    %                 (62)                       (84)    %
other, net                                                          6                           5                           4                      1                         20    %                    1                         25    %
federal and foreign income taxes                                  114                         134                         135                   (20)                       (15)    %                  (1)                        (1)    %
net earnings                                                     $696                        $549                        $836                   $147                         27    %               $(287)                       (34)    %
operating performance assessment and reporting we manage and assess the performance of our business based on our performance on individual contracts and programs using the financial measures referred to below, with consideration given to the critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments referred to in this section. our portfolio of long-term contracts is largely flexibly-priced. therefore, sales tend to fluctuate in concert with costs across our large portfolio of active contracts, with operating income being a critical measure of operating performance. under far rules that govern our business with the u.s. government, most types of costs are allowable, and we do not focus on individual cost groupings, such as cost of sales or general and administrative expenses, as much as we do on total contract costs, which are a key factor in determining contract operating income. as a result, in evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and service revenues, as well as operating income, including the effects of significant changes in operating income as a result of changes in contract estimates and the use of the cumulative catch-up method of accounting in accordance with gaap. this approach is consistent with the long-term life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance in a similar manner through contract completion. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing our business.
cost of sales for both product sales and service revenues consists of materials, labor, and subcontracting costs, as well as an allocation of indirect costs for overhead. we manage the type and amount of costs at the contract level, which is the basis for estimating our total costs at completion of our contracts. unusual fluctuations in operating performance driven by changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts are described in our analysis.
sales and service revenues sales and service revenues were comprised as follows:
year ended december 31                            2020 over 2019                                     2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                  2020                     2019                        2018                             dollars                    percent                 dollars                    percent product sales                                $6,850                      $6,265                      $6,023          $585                          9    %               $242                          4    %
service revenues                              2,511                       2,634                       2,153         (123)                        (5)    %                481                         22    %
sales and service revenues                   $9,361                      $8,899                      $8,176          $462                          5    %               $723                          9    %
2020 - product sales in 2020 increased $585 million, or 9%, from 2019. product sales at our ingalls segment increased $143 million in 2020, primarily as a result of higher volumes in amphibious assault ships and surface combatants, partially offset by lower volume in the legend class nsc program. newport news product sales
40
increased $366 million in 2020, primarily as a result of higher volumes in aircraft carriers and submarines, partially offset by lower volume on commercial nuclear products. technical solutions product sales increased $76 million in 2020, primarily as a result of the acquisition of hydroid, inc. ("hydroid") in march 2020.
service revenues in 2020 decreased $123 million, or 5%, from 2019. service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $21 million in 2020, as a result of lower volumes in amphibious assault ship services. service revenues at our newport news segment decreased $30 million in 2020, primarily as a result of lower volumes in aircraft carrier services, partially offset by higher volumes in naval nuclear support and submarine services. service revenues at our technical solutions segment decreased $72 million in 2020, primarily as a result of lower volumes at our san diego shipyard and on dfs, oil and gas, and nuclear and environmental services, partially offset by the acquisition of hydroid in march 2020.
2019 - product sales in 2019 increased $242 million, or 4%, from 2018. product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $71 million in 2019, primarily as a result of lower volumes in the legend class nsc program, amphibious assault ships, and surface combatants. newport news product sales increased $315 million in 2019, primarily as a result of higher volumes in aircraft carriers and submarines, partially offset by lower volume on commercial nuclear products. technical solutions product sales decreased $2 million in 2019.
service revenues in 2019 increased $481 million, or 22%, from 2018. service revenues at our ingalls segment increased $18 million in 2019, as a result of higher volumes in amphibious assault ship services, partially offset by lower volumes in surface combatant services. service revenues at our newport news segment increased $120 million in 2019, primarily as a result of higher volumes in aircraft carrier and naval nuclear support services, partially offset by lower volume in submarine services. service revenues at our technical solutions segment increased $343 million in 2019, primarily as a result of the addition of fulcrum it services, llc ("fulcrum") and g2, inc. ("g2"), as well as higher volumes in fleet support, oil and gas, and other dfs services.
cost of sales and service revenues cost of product sales, cost of service revenues, income from operating investments, net, and general and administrative expenses were as follows:
year ended december 31                                     2020 over 2019                                     2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                                2020                        2019                        2018                 dollars                    percent                 dollars                    percent cost of product sales                                    $5,621                      $5,158                      $4,627                   $463                          9    %               $531                         11    %
% of product sales                                         82.1   %                    82.3   %                    76.8   %
cost of service revenues                                  2,070                       2,210                       1,758                  (140)                        (6)    %                452                         26    %
% of service revenues                                      82.4   %                    83.9   %                    81.7   %
income from operating investments, net                       32                          22                          17                     10                         45    %                  5                         29    %
other income and gains                                        1                           -                          14                      1                          -    %               (14)                      (100)    %
general and administrative expenses                         904                         788                         871                    116                         15    %               (83)                       (10)    %
% of total sales and service revenues                       9.7   %                     8.9   %                    10.7   %
goodwill impairment                                           -                          29                           -                   (29)                      (100)    %                 29                          -    %
cost of sales and service revenues                       $8,562                      $8,163                      $7,225                   $399                          5    %               $938                         13    %
cost of product sales
2020 - cost of product sales in 2020 increased $463 million, or 9%, compared to 2019. cost of product sales at our ingalls segment increased $22 million in 2020, primarily as a result of the volume changes described above, partially offset by higher risk retirement on delbert d. black (ddg 119) in connection with its delivery and a capital expenditure contract incentive. cost of product sales at our newport news segment increased $480 million in 2020, primarily as a result of program cost growth and the volume increases described above. cost of product sales at our technical solutions segment increased $65 million in 2020, primarily due to the higher volumes described above. cost of product sales related to the operating fas/cas adjustment decreased $104 million from 2019 to 2020.
cost of product sales as a percentage of product sales declined from 82.3% in 2019 to 82.1% in 2020, primarily due to a favorable change in the operating fas/cas adjustment and higher risk retirement on delbert d. black (ddg
119), uss tripoli (lha 7), and richard m. mccool jr. (lpd 29), as well as year-to-year variances in contract mix, partially offset by unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments in the second quarter of 2020 of $111 million on block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, including $95 million for cost and schedule performance and updates to our assumptions for future program efficiencies and performance as a result of cost and schedule trends, as well as $16 million from delay and disruption directly attributable to covid-19 events. the decrease in cost of product sales as a percentage of product sales was also offset by unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments in the second quarter of 2020 aggregating $61 million across all programs resulting from cost estimates for delay and disruption from discrete covid-19 events, including $16 million in relation to the block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program discussed above.
2019 - cost of product sales in 2019 increased $531 million, or 11%, compared to 2018. cost of product sales at our ingalls segment increased $54 million in 2019, primarily as a result of lower risk retirement in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by the lower volumes described above, as well as one time employee bonus payments in 2018 related to the tax act. cost of product sales at our newport news segment increased $349 million in 2019, primarily as a result of volume changes described above, partially offset by one time employee bonus payments in 2018 related to the tax act. cost of product sales at our technical solutions segment decreased $3 million in 2019, primarily due to the lower volumes described above. cost of product sales related to the operating fas/cas adjustment increased $131 million from 2018 to 2019.
cost of product sales as a percentage of product sales increased from 76.8% in 2018 to 82.3% in 2019, primarily due to an unfavorable change in the operating fas/cas adjustment, a workers' compensation benefit in 2018, lower risk retirement on the san antonio class (lpd 17) program and uss tripoli (lha 7), and year-to-year variances in contract mix, partially offset by higher risk retirement on the rcoh of uss george washington (cvn 73) and one time employee bonus payments in 2018 related to the tax act.
cost of service revenues
2020 - cost of service revenues in 2020 decreased $140 million, or 6%, compared to 2019. cost of service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $10 million in 2020, primarily as a result of the volume changes described above, partially offset by recovery of losses on a long-term design contract in 2019. cost of service revenues at our newport news segment decreased $12 million in 2020, primarily as a result of the volume changes described above, partially offset by lower risk retirement on naval nuclear support services. cost of service revenues at our technical solutions segment decreased $98 million in 2020, primarily as a result of the volume changes described above, partially offset by a loss on a fleet support services contract in 2019. cost of service revenues related to the operating fas/cas adjustment decreased $20 million from 2019 to 2020.
cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues decreased from 83.9% in 2019 to 82.4% in 2020, primarily driven by a favorable change in the operating fas/cas adjustment, a loss on a fleet support services contract in 2019, and year-to-year variances in contract mix, partially offset by lower risk retirement on naval nuclear support services.
2019 - cost of service revenues in 2019 increased $452 million, or 26%, compared to 2018. cost of service revenues at our ingalls segment increased $2 million in 2019, primarily as a result of the volume changes described above, partially offset by the recognition in 2018 of a loss on a long-term design contract and improved performance on surface combatant services. cost of service revenues at our newport news segment increased $68 million in 2019, primarily as a result of the volume changes described above. cost of service revenues at our technical solutions segment increased $347 million in 2019, primarily as a result of the volume changes described above and a loss on a fleet support services contract, partially offset by one time employee bonus payments in 2018 related to the tax act. cost of service revenues related to the operating fas/cas adjustment increased $35 million from 2018 to 2019.
cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues increased from 81.7% in 2018 to 83.9% in 2019, primarily driven by an unfavorable change in the operating fas/cas adjustment, a loss on a fleet support services contract, and year-to-year variances in contract mix, partially offset by contract changes on submarine support services, one time employee bonus payments in 2018 related to the tax act, and the recognition in 2018 of a loss on a long-term design contract.
income from operating investments, net the activities of our operating investments are closely aligned with the operations of the segments holding the investments. we therefore record income related to earnings from equity method investments in our operating income.
2020 - income from operating investments, net increased $10 million, or 45%, to $32 million in 2020 from $22 million in 2019. the increase resulted from higher equity income from our srns and msts investments.
2019 - income from operating investments, net increased $5 million, or 29%, to $22 million in 2019 from $17 million in 2018. the increase resulted from higher equity income from our srns and n3b investments.
other income and gains
2020 - other income and gains in 2020 were consistent with 2019.
2019 - other income and gains decreased $14 million in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily due to recoveries related to a settlement agreement at our ingalls segment in 2018.
general and administrative expenses in accordance with industry practice and the regulations that govern the cost accounting requirements for government contracts, most general and administrative expenses are considered allowable and allocable costs on government contracts. these costs are allocated to contracts in progress on a systematic basis, and contract performance factors include this cost component as an element of cost.
2020 - general and administrative expenses in 2020 increased $116 million, or 15%, compared to 2019. this increase was primarily driven by the acquisition of hydroid and higher overhead costs and current state income tax expense, partially offset by favorable changes in non-current state income tax expense.
2019 - general and administrative expenses in 2019 decreased $83 million, or 10%, compared to 2018. this decrease was primarily driven by lower overhead costs and current state income tax expense, partially offset by the addition of fulcrum and g2 and unfavorable changes in non-current state income tax expense.
goodwill impairment as discussed above in critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments, we perform impairment tests for goodwill as of november 30 each year, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. we record a charge to operations when we determine that an impairment has occurred.
2019 - we recorded a goodwill impairment charge in 2019 of $29 million at our technical solutions segment. see note 12: goodwill and other intangible assets in item 8.
operating income we consider operating income to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance, and, consistent with industry practice, we define operating income as revenues less the related cost of producing the revenues and general and administrative expenses.
we internally manage our operations by reference to "segment operating income," which is defined as operating income before the operating fas/cas adjustment and non-current state income taxes, neither of which affects segment performance. segment operating income is not a recognized measure under gaap. when analyzing our operating performance, investors should use segment operating income in addition to, and not as an alternative for, operating income or any other performance measure presented in accordance with gaap. it is a measure we use to evaluate our core operating performance. we believe segment operating income reflects an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. we believe the measure is used by investors and is a useful indicator to measure our performance. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of segment operating income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table reconciles operating income to segment operating income:
year ended december 31                            2020 over 2019                                       2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                        2020                      2019                      2018        dollars                    percent                   dollars                    percent operating income                                   $799                      $736                      $951           $63                          9    %               $(215)                       (23)    %
operating fas/cas adjustment                      (248)                     (124)                     (290)         (124)                      (100)    %                  166                         57    %
non-current state income taxes                        4                        19                         2          (15)                       (79)    %                   17                        850    %
segment operating income                           $555                      $631                      $663         $(76)                       (12)    %                $(32)                        (5)    %
segment operating income
2020 - segment operating income in 2020 was $555 million, compared to $631 million in 2019. the decrease was driven by unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments in the second quarter of 2020 totaling $167 million from updated cost and schedule assumptions across all programs.
included in the $167 million of unfavorable adjustments was $111 million related to block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program for unfavorable cost and schedule performance and updates to our assumptions for future program efficiencies and performance as a result of cost and schedule trends. our risk retirement assumptions on block iv boats anticipated boat-to-boat cost and schedule improvements working down the learning curve, but performance trends, exacerbated by covid-19 events, made those improvements less likely to occur. also included in the $167 million of unfavorable adjustments was $61 million for the margin impact of delay and disruption cost estimates across all programs from discrete covid-19 events, including $16 million relating to block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, which was included in the $111 million unfavorable adjustments noted above. these unfavorable margin adjustments were partially offset by higher risk retirement on delbert d. black (ddg 119) in connection with its delivery and a capital expenditure contract incentive, higher risk retirement and improved performance on uss tripoli (lha 7) and richard m. mccool jr. (lpd 29), and a loss on a fleet support services contract in 2019.
2019 - segment operating income in 2019 was $631 million, compared to $663 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to favorable changes in workers' compensation expense in 2018, a goodwill impairment at our technical solutions segment, lower risk retirement on the san antonio class (lpd 17) program and uss tripoli (lha 7), a loss on a fleet support services contract, and recoveries related to a 2018 settlement agreement at our ingalls segment, partially offset by contract changes on submarine support services, higher volume at our newport news segment, higher risk retirement on the rcoh of uss george washington (cvn 73), and one time employee bonus payments in 2018 related to the tax act.
activity within each segment is discussed under segment operating results below.
fas/cas adjustment and operating fas/cas adjustment the fas/cas adjustment reflects the difference between expenses for pension and other postretirement benefits determined in accordance with gaap and the expenses for these items included in segment operating income in accordance with cas. the operating fas/cas adjustment excludes the following components of net periodic benefit costs: interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of prior service cost (credit) and actuarial loss (gain), and settlement and curtailment effects.
the components of the operating fas/cas adjustment were as follows:
year ended december 31                                     2020 over 2019                                       2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                        2020                        2019                      2018                 dollars                    percent                   dollars                    percent fas expense                                       $(70)                      $(139)                     $(91)                    $69                         50    %                $(48)                       (53)    %
cas cost                                            437                         275                       455                    162                         59    %                (180)                       (40)    %
fas/cas adjustment                                  367                         136                       364                    231                        170    %                (228)                       (63)    %
non-operating retirement expense                  (119)                        (12)                      (74)                  (107)                      (892)    %                   62                         84    %
operating fas/cas adjustment                       $248                        $124                      $290                   $124                        100    %               $(166)                       (57)    %
2020 - the operating fas/cas adjustment in 2020 was a net benefit of $248 million, compared to a net benefit of $124 million in 2019. the favorable change was primarily driven by the more immediate recognition of lower interest rates under cas.
2019 - the operating fas/cas adjustment in 2019 was a net benefit of $124 million, compared to a net benefit of $290 million in 2018. the unfavorable change was primarily driven by the more immediate recognition of higher interest rates under cas.
we expect the fas/cas adjustment in 2021 to be a net benefit of approximately $18 million ($28 million fas and $46 million cas), primarily driven by the more immediate recognition of the 2020 asset returns under fas and the more immediate recognition of higher interest rates under cas.
we expect the operating fas/cas adjustment in 2021 to be a net expense of approximately $163 million ($209 million fas and $46 million cas), primarily driven by the more immediate recognition of higher interest rates under cas. the expected fas/cas adjustment is subject to change during 2021, when we remeasure our actuarial estimate of the unfunded benefit obligation for cas with updated census data and other items later in the year.
non-current state income taxes non-current state income taxes include deferred state income taxes, which reflect the change in deferred state tax assets and liabilities, and the tax expense or benefit associated with changes in state unrecognized tax benefits in the relevant period. these amounts are recorded within operating income. current period state income tax expense is charged to contract costs and included in cost of sales and service revenues in segment operating income.
2020 - non-current state income tax expense in 2020 was $4 million, compared to $19 million in 2019. the decrease in non-current state income tax expense was driven by a decrease in deferred state income tax expense. the decrease in deferred state income tax expense was primarily attributable to an increase in expenses that are not currently deductible for income tax purposes and pension related adjustments.
2019 - non-current state income tax expense in 2019 was $19 million, compared to $2 million in 2018. the increase in non-current state income tax expense was driven by an increase in deferred state income tax expense and state unrecognized tax benefits. the increase in deferred state income tax expense was primarily attributable to changes in the timing of contract taxable income and pension related adjustments.
interest expense
2020 - interest expense in 2020 was $114 million, compared to $70 million in 2019. the increase was primarily a result of costs associated with the early redemption of $600 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.000% senior notes due 2025 and the issuance in 2020 of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.844% senior notes due 2025 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.200% senior notes due 2030, partially offset by reduced borrowing on the credit facilities.
2019 - interest expense in 2019 was $70 million, compared to $58 million in 2018. the increase was primarily a result of an increase in short term borrowings under our revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program in 2019.
non-operating retirement benefit (expense)
the non-operating retirement benefit (expense) includes the following components of net periodic benefit costs: interest cost, expected return on plan assets, amortization of prior service cost (credit) and actuarial loss (gain), and settlement and curtailment effects.
2020 - a favorable change in the non-operating retirement benefit (expense) of $107 million from 2019 to 2020 was primarily driven by higher 2019 returns on plan assets.
2019 - an unfavorable change in the non-operating retirement benefit (expense) of $62 million from 2018 to 2019 was primarily driven by lower 2018 returns on plan assets.
federal and foreign income taxes
2020 - our effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 14.1% in 2020, compared to 19.6% in 2019. the decrease in our effective tax rate for 2020 was primarily attributable to favorable adjustments related to research and development tax credits for prior tax years.
2019 - our effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 19.6% in 2019, compared to 13.9% in 2018. the increase in our effective tax rate for 2019 was primarily attributable to claims for higher research and development tax credits for prior tax years recorded in 2018.
segment operating results basis of presentation we are aligned into three reportable segments: ingalls, newport news, and technical solutions.
the following table presents segment operating results:
year ended december 31                                     2020 over 2019                                       2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                                         2020                        2019                        2018                 dollars                    percent                   dollars                    percent sales and service revenues ingalls                                                           $2,678                      $2,555                      $2,607                   $123                          5    %                $(52)                        (2)    %
newport news                                                       5,571                       5,231                       4,796                    340                          6    %                  435                          9    %
technical solutions                                                1,268                       1,237                         906                     31                          3    %                  331                         37    %
intersegment eliminations                                          (156)                       (124)                       (133)                   (32)                       (26)    %                    9                          7    %
sales and service revenues                                        $9,361                      $8,899                      $8,176                   $462                          5    %                 $723                          9    %
operating income ingalls                                                             $281                        $235                        $313                    $46                         20    %                $(78)                       (25)    %
newport news                                                         233                         410                         330                  (177)                       (43)    %                   80                         24    %
technical solutions                                                   41                        (14)                          20                     55                        393    %                 (34)                      (170)    %
segment operating income                                             555                         631                         663                   (76)                       (12)    %                 (32)                        (5)    %
non-segment factors affecting operating income operating fas/cas adjustment                                         248                         124                         290                    124                        100    %                (166)                       (57)    %
non-current state income taxes                                       (4)                        (19)                         (2)                     15                         79    %                 (17)                      (850)    %
operating income                                                    $799                        $736                        $951                    $63                          9    %               $(215)                       (23)    %
key segment financial measures sales and service revenues period-to-period revenues reflect performance under new and ongoing contracts. changes in sales and service revenues are typically expressed in terms of volume. unless otherwise described, volume generally refers to increases (or decreases) in reported revenues due to varying production activity levels, delivery rates, or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes will typically carry a corresponding income change based on the margin rate for a particular contract.
segment operating income segment operating income reflects the aggregate performance results of contracts within a segment. excluded from this measure are certain costs not directly associated with contract performance, such as the operating fas/cas adjustment and non-current state income taxes. changes in segment operating income are typically expressed in terms of volume, as discussed above, or performance. performance refers to changes in contract margin rates. these changes typically relate to profit recognition associated with revisions to eac that reflect improved or deteriorated operating performance on that contract. operating income changes are accounted for on a cumulative to date basis at the time an eac change is recorded. segment operating income may also be affected by, among
46
other things, contract performance, the effects of workforce stoppages, the effects of natural disasters such as hurricanes, resolution of disputed items with the customer, recovery of insurance proceeds, and other discrete events. at the completion of a long-term contract, any originally estimated costs not incurred or reserves not fully utilized, such as warranty reserves, could also impact contract earnings. where such items have occurred and the effects are material, a separate description is provided.
ingalls year ended december 31                                     2020 over 2019   2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                          2020                        2019                        2018                 dollars                    percent   dollars                         percent sales and service revenues                         $2,678                      $2,555                      $2,607                   $123                          5    %   $(52)                          (2)    %
segment operating income                              281                         235                         313                     46                         20    %   (78)                          (25)    %
as a percentage of segment sales                     10.5   %                     9.2   %                    12.0   %
sales and service revenues
2020 - ingalls revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $123 million, or 5%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by higher revenues in surface combatants and amphibious assault ships, partially offset by lower revenues in the legend class nsc program. surface combatant revenues increased due to higher volumes on ted stevens (ddg 128), jeremiah denton (ddg 129), uss delbert d. black (ddg 119), sam nunn (ddg 133), george m. neal (ddg 131), and thad cochran (ddg 135), partially offset by lower volumes on uss fitzgerald (ddg 62) restoration and modernization, uss paul ignatius (ddg 117), frank e. petersen jr. (ddg 121), and jack h. lucas (ddg 125). amphibious assault ship revenues increased as a result of higher volumes on harrisburg (lpd 30), pittsburgh (lpd 31), lha 9 (unnamed), fort lauderdale (lpd 28), and richard m. mccool jr. (lpd 29), partially offset by lower volumes on uss tripoli (lha 7), lpd life cycle services, and bougainville (lha 8). revenues on the legend class nsc program decreased due to lower volumes on midgett (nsc 8) and friedman (nsc 11), partially offset by higher volume on calhoun (nsc 10).
2019 - ingalls revenues, including intersegment sales, decreased $52 million, or 2%, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily driven by lower revenues in the legend class nsc program, surface combatants, and amphibious assault ships. revenues on the legend class nsc program decreased due to lower volumes on kimball (nsc 7), midgett (nsc 8), and stone (nsc 9), partially offset by higher volumes on nsc 11 (unnamed) and calhoun (nsc 10). surface combatant revenues decreased as a result of lower volumes on uss delbert d. black (ddg 119), uss paul ignatius (ddg 117), frank e. petersen jr. (ddg 121), and lenah h. sutcliffe higbee (ddg 123), partially offset by higher volumes on ted stevens (ddg 128), uss fitzgerald (ddg 62) repair and restoration, jeremiah denton (ddg 129), jack h. lucas (ddg 125), and george m. neal (ddg 131). amphibious assault ship revenues decreased as a result of lower volumes on uss tripoli (lha 7), fort lauderdale (lpd 28), and the delivered uss portland (lpd 27), as well as lower risk retirement on the san antonio class (lpd 17) program, partially offset by higher volumes on bougainville (lha 8), harrisburg (lpd 30), richard m. mccool jr. (lpd 29), and lpd planning yard and life cycle engineering and services.
segment operating income
2020 - ingalls operating income in 2020 was $281 million, compared to income of $235 million in 2019. the increase was primarily driven by higher risk retirement on delbert d. black (ddg 119) in connection with its delivery and a capital expenditure contract incentive, as well as higher risk retirement and improved performance on uss tripoli (lha 7) and richard m. mccool jr. (lpd 29), partially offset by unfavorable adjustments across programs, including delay and disruption from covid-19 events.
2019 - ingalls operating income in 2019 was $235 million, compared to income of $313 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to lower risk retirement on the san antonio class (lpd 17) program and uss tripoli (lha 7) and recoveries related to a 2018 settlement agreement.
47
newport news year ended december 31                            2020 over 2019                                     2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                          2020                        2019                        2018        dollars                    percent                 dollars                    percent sales and service revenues                         $5,571                      $5,231                      $4,796          $340                          6    %               $435                          9    %
segment operating income                              233                         410                         330         (177)                       (43)    %                 80                         24    %
as a percentage of segment sales                      4.2   %                     7.8   %                     6.9   %
sales and service revenues
2020 - newport news revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $340 million, or 6%, in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by higher revenues in aircraft carriers, submarines, and naval nuclear support services. aircraft carrier revenues increased primarily as a result of higher volumes on enterprise (cvn 80), the rcoh of uss john c. stennis (cvn 74), and doris miller (cvn 81), partially offset by lower volumes on the rcoh of uss george washington (cvn 73), john f. kennedy (cvn 79), and uss gerald r. ford (cvn 78). submarine revenues increased primarily as a result of higher volumes on the columbia class submarine program and the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program. the higher volumes on the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program was due to higher volumes on block v boats, partially offset by lower volumes on block iii and block iv boats. naval nuclear support service revenues increased primarily as a result of higher volumes in carrier fleet support services.
2019 - newport news revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $435 million, or 9%, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily driven by higher revenues in aircraft carriers, submarines, and naval nuclear support services. aircraft carrier revenues increased primarily as a result of higher volumes on enterprise (cvn 80), the advance planning contract for the rcoh of uss john c. stennis (cvn 74), and doris miller (cvn 81), partially offset by lower volumes on the rcoh of uss george washington (cvn 73) and john f. kennedy (cvn 79). submarine revenues related to the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program increased as a result of higher volumes on block v and block iv boats, offset by lower volumes on block iii boats. naval nuclear support service revenues increased primarily as a result of contract changes on submarine support services and higher volume in facility maintenance services.
segment operating income
2020 - newport news operating income in 2020 was $233 million, compared to income of $410 million in 2019. the decrease was primarily due to unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments in the second quarter on block iv boats of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program for the reasons described above in "segment operating results - cumulative adjustments" and 2019 contract changes on submarine support services.
2019 - newport news operating income in 2019 was $410 million, compared to income of $330 million in 2018. the increase was primarily due to contract changes on submarine support services, the higher volumes described above, and higher risk retirement on the rcoh of uss george washington (cvn 73), partially offset by favorable changes in workers' compensation expense in 2018.
technical solutions year ended december 31                                     2020 over 2019                            2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                          2020                        2019                      2018                 dollars                    percent        dollars                    percent sales and service revenues                         $1,268                      $1,237                      $906                    $31                          3    %      $331                         37    %
segment operating income                               41                        (14)                        20                     55                        393    %      (34)                      (170)    %
as a percentage of segment sales                      3.2   %                   (1.1)   %                   2.2   %
sales and service revenues
2020 - technical solutions revenues, including intersegment sales, for the year ended december 31, 2020, increased $31 million, or 3%, compared to 2019, primarily due to the acquisition of hydroid in 2020, partially offset by lower volume at our san diego shipyard following the conclusion of several repair contracts.
48
2019 - technical solutions revenues, including intersegment sales, for the year ended december 31, 2019, increased $331 million, or 37%, compared to 2018, primarily due to higher dfs revenues attributable to the additions of fulcrum and g2, as well as higher oil and gas revenues.
segment operating income
2020 - operating income in the technical solutions segment for the year ended december 31, 2020, was $41 million, compared to an operating loss of $14 million in 2019. the increase was primarily due to a goodwill impairment at our oil and gas reporting unit and a loss on a fleet support services contract in 2019, as well as higher equity income from our nuclear and environmental joint ventures and improved performance on dfs services.
2019 - operating loss in the technical solutions segment for the year ended december 31, 2019, was $14 million, compared to operating income of $20 million in 2018. the decrease was primarily due to a goodwill impairment at our oil and gas reporting unit and a loss on a fleet support services contract, partially offset by higher equity income from our nuclear and environmental joint ventures and one time employee bonus payments in 2018 related to the tax act.
backlog total backlog as of december 31, 2020, was approximately $46.0 billion. total backlog includes both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is contractually obligated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding is not currently contractually obligated by the customer). backlog excludes unexercised contract options and unfunded idiq orders. for contracts having no stated contract values, backlog includes only the amounts committed by the customer.
the following table presents funded and unfunded backlog by segment as of december 31, 2020 and 2019:
december 31, 2020                                                                   december 31, 2019
total                                                                               total
($ in millions)                             funded                     unfunded                      backlog                    funded                     unfunded                      backlog ingalls                               $10,443                       $1,758                      $12,201                    $9,062                       $1,693                      $10,755
newport news                            9,536                       23,132                       32,668                     8,414                       26,352                       34,766
technical solutions        502                       646                                          1,148        435                       538                          973
total backlog                         $20,481                      $25,536                      $46,017                   $17,911                      $28,583                      $46,494
we expect approximately 17% of the $46.0 billion total backlog as of december 31, 2020, to be converted into sales in 2021. u.s. government orders comprised substantially all of the backlog as of december 31, 2020 and 2019.
awards
2020 - the value of new contract awards during the year ended december 31, 2020, was approximately $8.9 billion, comprised primarily of construction contracts for pittsburgh (lpd 31), module sections for each of the first two columbia class submarines, sam nunn (ddg 133), and thad cochran (ddg 135).
2019 - the value of new contract awards during the year ended december 31, 2019, was approximately $32.3 billion. significant new awards during the period included contracts for the detail design and construction of the gerald r. ford class (cvn 78) aircraft carriers enterprise (cvn 80) and doris miller (cvn 81), block v of the virginia class (ssn 774) submarine program, and the san antonio class (lpd 17) amphibious transport dock harrisburg (lpd 30).
liquidity and capital resources we seek to efficiently convert operating results into cash for deployment in operating our businesses, implementing our business strategy, and maximizing stockholder value. we use various financial measures to assist in capital deployment decision making, including net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow. we believe these measures are useful to investors in assessing our financial performance.
49
the following table summarizes key components of cash flow provided by operating activities:
year ended december 31                                     2020 over 2019                                       2019 over 2018
($ in millions)                                                               2020                      2019                      2018                 dollars                    percent                   dollars                    percent net earnings                                                              $696                      $549                      $836                   $147                         27    %               $(287)                       (34)    %
depreciation and amortization                                              254                       230                       207                     24                         10    %                   23                         11    %
provision for doubtful accounts                                            (1)                       (6)                       (4)                      5                         83    %                  (2)                       (50)    %
stock-based compensation                                                    23                        30                        36                    (7)                       (23)    %                  (6)                       (17)    %
deferred income taxes                                                       23                        97                        10                   (74)                       (76)    %                   87                        870    %
loss (gain) on investments in marketable securities                       (17)                      (11)                         -                    (6)                       (55)    %                 (11)                          -    %
asset impairments                                                           13                         6                         -                      7                        117    %                    6                          -    %
retiree benefit funding in excess of expense                             (176)                        80                     (454)                  (256)                      (320)    %                  534                        118    %
goodwill impairment                                                          -                        29                         -                   (29)                      (100)    %                   29                          -    %
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                        21                         -                         -                     21                          -    %                    -                          -    %
trade working capital decrease (increase)                                  257                     (108)                       283                    365                        338    %                (391)                      (138)    %
net cash provided by operating activities                               $1,093                      $896                      $914                   $197                         22    %                $(18)                        (2)    %
cash flows we discuss below our major operating, investing, and financing activities for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2020, as classified in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
operating activities
2020 - cash provided by operating activities was $1,093 million in 2020, compared to $896 million in 2019. the favorable change of $197 million in operating cash flow was primarily due to changes in trade working capital, partially offset by higher contributions to retiree benefit plans, higher income tax payments, and higher interest payments. the change in trade working capital was primarily driven by deferred payroll tax payments under the cares act, as well as the timing of receipts of accounts receivable and payments of accounts payable.
we expect cash generated from operations in 2021, in combination with our current cash and cash equivalents, as well as existing credit facilities, to be sufficient to service debt and retiree benefit plans, meet contractual obligations, and finance capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months.
2019 - cash provided by operating activities was $896 million in 2019, compared to $914 million in 2018. the decrease of $18 million in operating cash flow was primarily due to a change in trade working capital, partially offset by decreased funding of retiree benefit plans. the change in trade working capital was primarily driven by the timing of payments of accounts payable.
investing activities
2020 - cash used in investing activities was $759 million in 2020, an increase of $132 million from 2019. the change in investing cash flow was driven by business acquisitions, including hydroid, partially offset by lower capital expenditures in 2020 and the acquisition of fulcrum in 2019.
for 2021, we expect our capital expenditures for maintenance and sustainment to be approximately 1.0% of annual revenues and our discretionary capital expenditures to be approximately 2.0% to 3.0% of annual revenues.
2019 - cash used in investing activities was $627 million in 2019, an increase of $151 million from 2018. the change in investing cash flow was driven by the acquisition of fulcrum and higher capital expenditures, partially offset by the acquisition of g2, inc. in 2018 and investments in nuclear and environmental joint ventures in 2018.
50
financing activities
2020 - cash provided by financing activities in 2020 was $103 million, compared to $434 million used in 2019. the change in financing cash was primarily due to $1 billion of proceeds from the issuance of senior notes, a decrease of $178 million from common stock repurchases, and a decrease of $10 million in employee taxes on certain share-based payment arrangements, partially offset by a $600 million increase in repayment of long-term debt, a $23 million increase in cash dividend payments, an increase of $15 million in premiums related to early extinguishment of debt, and an increase of $13 million in debt issuance costs.
2019 - cash used in financing activities in 2019 was $434 million, compared to $899 million used in 2018. the change was primarily due to decreases of $480 million of common stock repurchases and $2 million in employee tax withholdings on share-based payment arrangements, partially offset by an increase of $17 million of cash dividend payments.
free cash flow free cash flow represents cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures net of related grant proceeds. free cash flow is not a measure recognized under gaap. free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, analysis of our results as reported under gaap. we believe free cash flow is an important liquidity measure for our investors because it provides them insight into our current and period-to-period performance and our ability to generate cash from continuing operations. we also use free cash flow as a key operating metric in assessing the performance of our business and as a key performance measure in evaluating management performance and determining incentive compensation. free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                                                   2020                      2019                      2018
net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,093                      $896                      $914
less capital expenditures:
capital expenditure additions                                (353)                     (530)                     (463)
grant proceeds for capital expenditures                         17                        94                        61
free cash flow                                                $757                      $460                      $512
2020 - free cash flow increased $297 million from 2019, primarily due to changes in trade working capital and lower capital expenditures, partially offset by higher contributions to retiree benefit plans and higher income tax payments.
2019 - free cash flow decreased $52 million from 2018, primarily due to a change in trade working capital and higher capital expenditures, partially offset by decreased funding of retiree benefit plans.
retirement related benefit plan contributions erisa, including amendments under pension relief, defines the minimum amount that must be contributed to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. in determining whether to make discretionary contributions to these plans above the minimum required amounts, we consider various factors, including maintaining the funded status needed to avoid potential benefit restrictions and other adverse consequences, maintaining minimum cas funding requirements, and the current and anticipated future funding levels of each plan. the contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans are affected by a number of factors, including published irs interest rates, the actual return on plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and demographic experience. these factors and our resulting contributions also impact the funded status of the plans. we made the following minimum and discretionary contributions to our pension and other postretirement benefit plans in the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018:
51
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                            2020                    2019                      2018
pension plans discretionary qualified                              $205                     $21                      $508
non-qualified                             8                       7                         8
other benefit plans                      33                      31                        30
total contributions                    $246                     $59                      $546
we made discretionary contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans totaling $205 million, $21 million, and $508 million in the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively.
as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, our qualified pension plans were funded 91% and 89%, respectively, on a fas basis. as of december 31, 2020 and 2019, these plans were sufficiently funded on an erisa basis so as not to be subject to benefit payment restrictions. the funded percentages under erisa and fas vary due to inherent differences in the assumptions and methodologies used to calculate the respective obligations. we expect our 2021 cash contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans to be $60 million, all of which we anticipate will be discretionary and which are exclusive of cas cost recoveries under our contracts. due to the differences in calculation methodologies, our fas expense is not necessarily representative of our funding requirements or cas cost recoveries.
other postretirement benefit plan contributions were $33 million, $31 million, and $30 million in 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. we expect 2021 contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans to be approximately $33 million, which are exclusive of cas cost recoveries under our contracts. contributions for other postretirement benefit plans are not required to be funded in advance and are paid on an as-incurred basis.
other sources and uses of capital stockholder distributions - in november 2020, our board of directors authorized an increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $1.14 per share. the board previously increased the quarterly cash dividend to $1.03 per share in november 2019 and $0.86 per share in november 2018. we paid cash dividends totaling $172 million ($4.23 per share), $149 million ($3.61 per share), and $132 million ($3.02 per share) in the years ended december 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively.
in november 2019, our board of directors authorized an increase to our stock repurchase program from $2.2 billion to $3.2 billion and an extension of the term of the program to october 31, 2024. repurchases are made from time to time at management's discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. for the year ended december 31, 2020, we repurchased 390,904 shares at an aggregate cost of $84 million. for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, we repurchased 1,005,762 and 3,620,916 shares, respectively, at aggregate costs of $214 million and $788 million, respectively, of which $48 million was not yet settled for cash as of december 31, 2018. the cost of repurchased shares is recorded as treasury stock in the consolidated statements of financial position.
additional capital - in 2020, we issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.844% senior notes due 2025 and $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.200% senior notes due 2030. the net proceeds are intended to be used for general corporate purposes, which may include debt repayments and working capital. interest on these senior notes is payable semiannually.
in november 2020, we redeemed $600 million aggregate principal amount of our outstanding 5.000% senior notes due 2025 in accordance with the terms of the indenture governing the notes.
in the second quarter of 2020, we also entered into a 364-day revolving credit agreement (the "364-day facility") with third party lenders, which includes a revolving credit facility of $500 million and may be drawn upon during a period of 364 days from april 3, 2020. the revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate on outstanding borrowings based on the libor plus a spread based upon our credit rating, which may vary between 2.000% and 2.375%. the revolving credit facility also has a commitment fee rate of 0.50%.
the 364-day facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, as well as a financial covenant based on a maximum total leverage ratio. each of our existing and future material wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, except those that are specifically designated as unrestricted subsidiaries, are and will be guarantors under the 364-day facility.
the 364-day facility and proceeds from the issuance of new senior notes provide us with substantial additional liquidity and flexibility given the unpredictable impact of covid-19 events.
in 2017, we entered into a credit agreement (the "credit facility") with third-party lenders. the credit facility includes a revolving credit facility of $1,250 million, which may be drawn upon during a period of five years from november 22, 2017. the revolving credit facility includes a letter of credit subfacility of $500 million. the revolving credit facility has a variable interest rate on outstanding borrowings based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus a spread based upon our credit rating, which may vary between 1.125% and 1.500%. the revolving credit facility also has a commitment fee rate on the unutilized balance based on our credit rating. the commitment fee rate as of december 31, 2020 was 0.25% and may vary between 0.20% and 0.30%.
as of december 31, 2020, we had $16 million in issued but undrawn letters of credit and $1,234 million unutilized under the credit facility.
in 2019, we established an unsecured commercial paper note program, under which we may issue up to $1 billion of unsecured commercial paper notes. as of december 31, 2020, we had no outstanding debt under the commercial paper program.
we were in compliance with all debt-related covenants as of and during the year ended december 31, 2020. for a description of our outstanding debt amounts and related restrictive covenants, see note 14: debt in item 8.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020, our total outstanding long-term debt was $1,686 million, consisting of senior notes and other third-party debt. for a description of our outstanding debt amounts and related restrictive covenants, see note 14: debt in item 8.
on march 29, 2011, hii entered into a separation and distribution agreement (the "separation agreement") with its former parent company, northrop grumman corporation ("northrop grumman"), and northrop grumman's subsidiaries (northrop grumman shipbuilding, inc. and northrop grumman systems corporation), pursuant to which hii was legally and structurally separated from northrop grumman. for the year ended december 31, 2018, hii received $8 million from northrop grumman under the separation agreement. hii had $84 million outstanding under industrial revenue bonds issued by the mississippi business finance corporation as of each of december 31, 2020, and december 31, 2019. prior to the spin-off, repayment of principal and interest was guaranteed by northrop grumman systems corporation. the guaranty remains in effect, and hii has agreed to indemnify northrop grumman systems corporation for any losses related to the guaranty.
the following table presents our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2020, and the estimated timing of related future cash payments:
($ in millions)                                            total                    2021                  2022-2023                  2024-2025                  2026 and beyond long-term debt                                        $1,705                       $-                      $-                       $584                         $1,121
interest payments on long-term debt                      472                       73                     141                        118                            140
operating leases                                         276                       48                      70                         53                            105
purchase obligations (1)                               5,851                    2,336                   1,985                        667                            863
other long-term liabilities (2)                        1,003                       87                     134                         95                            687
total contractual obligations                         $9,307                   $2,544                  $2,330                     $1,517                         $2,916
(1) a "purchase obligation" is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. these amounts are primarily comprised of open purchase order commitments to vendors and subcontractors pertaining to funded contracts.
(2) other long-term liabilities primarily consist of total accrued workers' compensation reserves, deferred compensation, and other miscellaneous liabilities, of which $225 million is the current portion of workers' compensation liabilities. it excludes obligations for unrecognized tax benefits of $49 million, including penalties and interest, for which the timing of the payments, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated.
the preceding table excludes retirement related contributions. amounts for retirement related contributions depend on plan provisions, actuarial assumptions, actual plan asset performance, and other factors described above under retirement related benefit plans under critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments and under liquidity and capital resources.
further details regarding long-term debt and operating leases can be found in note 14: debt and note 17: commitments and contingencies in item 8.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we use letters of credit issued by commercial banks to support certain leases, insurance policies, and contractual performance obligations, as well as surety bonds issued by insurance companies principally to support our self-insured workers' compensation plans. as of december 31, 2020, $16 million in letters of credit were issued but undrawn and $272 million of surety bonds were outstanding. as of december 31, 2020, we had no other significant off-balance sheet arrangements.
glossary of programs included below are brief descriptions of some of the programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k.
program name                                          program description america class (lha 6) amphibious assault ships        design and build large deck amphibious assault ships that provide forward presence and power projection as an integral part of joint, interagency and multinational maritime expeditionary forces. the america class (lha 6) ships, together with the wasp class (lhd 1) ships, are the successors to the decommissioned tarawa class (lha 1) ships. the america class (lha 6) ships optimize aviation operations and support capabilities. we delivered uss tripoli (lha 7) in february 2020, and we are currently constructing bougainville (lha 8).
arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers               build guided missile destroyers designed for conducting anti-air, anti-submarine, anti-surface, and strike operations. the aegis-equipped arleigh burke class (ddg 51) destroyers are the u.s. navy's primary surface combatant, and have been constructed in variants, allowing technological advances during construction. in 2019 we delivered uss paul ignatius (ddg 117), and in 2020 we delivered uss delbert d. black (ddg 119). we have contracts to construct the following arleigh burke class (ddg51) destroyers: frank e. petersen jr. (ddg 121), lenah h. sutcliffe higbee (ddg 123), jack h. lucas (ddg 125), ted stevens (ddg 128), jeremiah denton (ddg 129), george m. neal (ddg 131), sam nunn (ddg 133), ddg 135 (unnamed), and ddg 137 (unnamed).
carrier rcoh                                          perform refueling and complex overhaul ("rcoh") of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, which is required at the mid-point of their 50-year life cycle. uss abraham lincoln (cvn 72) was redelivered to the u.s. navy in the second quarter of 2017 and uss george washington (cvn 73) arrived at newport news for the start of its rcoh in august 2017.
columbia class (ssbn 826) submarines                  newport news is participating in designing the columbia class submarine as a replacement for the current aging ohio class nuclear ballistic missile submarines, which were first introduced into service in 1981. the ohio class ssbn includes 14 nuclear ballistic missile submarines and four nuclear cruise missile submarines. the columbia class program plan of record is to construct 12 new ballistic missile submarines. the u.s. navy has initiated the design process for the new class of submarines, and, in early 2017, the dod signed the acquisition decision memorandum approving the columbia class program's milestone b, which formally authorizes the program's entry into the engineering and manufacturing development phase. we perform design work as a subcontractor to electric boat, and we have entered into a teaming agreement with electric boat to build modules for the entire columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine program that leverages our virginia class (ssn 774) experience. we have been awarded contracts from electric boat to begin integrated product and process development and provide long-lead-time material and advance construction for the columbia class (ssbn 826) program. construction of the first columbia class (ssbn 826) submarine began in 2020.
defense and federal solutions                         dfs is focused on solving tough national security challenges for the dod, the intelligence community, and federal civilian agencies around the globe. the group's expertise includes maritime fleet sustainment; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; cyber operations; secure enterprise information technology engineering and operations; advanced modeling, simulation, and training; and logistics management.
uss gerald r. ford class (cvn 78) aircraft carriers               design and construction for the ford class program, which is the aircraft carrier replacement program for the decommissioned enterprise (cvn 65) and nimitz class (cvn 68) aircraft carriers. uss gerald r. ford (cvn 78), the first ship of the ford class, was delivered to the u.s. navy in the second quarter of 2017. in june 2015, we were awarded a contract for the detail design and construction of john f. kennedy (cvn 79), following several years of engineering, advance construction, and purchase of long-lead time components and material. in addition, we have received awards for detail design and construction of enterprise (cvn 80) and doris miller (cvn 81). this category also includes the class' non-recurring engineering. the class is expected to bring improved warfighting capability, quality of life improvements for sailors, and reduced life cycle costs.
legend class national security cutter                             design and build the u.s. coast guard's national security cutters ("nscs"), the largest and most technically advanced class of cutter in the u.s. coast guard. the nsc is equipped to carry out maritime homeland security, maritime safety, protection of natural resources, maritime mobility, and national defense missions. the plan is for a total of 11 ships, of which the first nine ships have been delivered. calhoun (nsc 10) and friedman (nsc 11) are currently under construction.
naval nuclear support services                                    provide services to and in support of the u.s. navy, ranging from services supporting the navy's carrier and submarine fleets to maintenance services at u.s. navy training facilities. naval nuclear support services include design, construction, maintenance, and disposal activities for in service u.s. navy nuclear ships worldwide through mobile and in-house capabilities. services include maintenance services on nuclear reactor prototypes.
nuclear and environmental services                                provide services in nuclear management and operations, and nuclear and non-nuclear fabrication and repair. we provide site management, nuclear and industrial facilities operations and maintenance, decontamination and decommissioning, and radiological and hazardous waste management services. we provide services, including fabrication, equipment repair, and technical engineering services. we participate in several joint ventures, including n3b, msts, and srns. n3b was awarded the los alamos legacy cleanup contract at the doe/national nuclear security administration's los alamos national laboratory. msts was awarded a contract for site management and operations at the nevada national security site. srns provides site management and operations at the doe's savannah river site near aiken, south carolina.
oil and gas services                                              deliver engineering, procurement, and construction management services to the oil and gas industry for major pipeline, production, and treatment facilities. these services include full life-cycle services for domestic and international projects, from concept identification through detail design, execution and construction, and decommissioning. related field services include survey, inspection, commissioning and start-up, operations and maintenance, and optimization and debottlenecking.
san antonio class (lpd 17) amphibious transport dock ships        design and build amphibious transport dock ships, which are warships that embark, transport, and land elements of a landing force for a variety of expeditionary warfare missions, and also serve as the secondary aviation platform for amphibious readiness groups. the san antonio class (lpd 17) is the newest addition to the u.s. navy's 21st century amphibious assault force, and these ships are a key element of the u.s. navy's seabase transformation. we are currently constructing fort lauderdale (lpd 28), richard m. mccool jr. (lpd 29), and harrisburg (lpd 30). in 2020 we were awarded a contract to construct pittsburgh (lpd 31).
the decommissioned enterprise (cvn 65)                         defuel and inactivate the world's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, which began in 2013. the inactivation was completed in the second quarter of 2018.
unmanned systems                                               our unmanned systems products and services create advanced unmanned maritime solutions for defense, marine research, and commercial applications. serving customers in more than 30 countries, unmanned systems provides design, autonomy, manufacturing, testing, operations, and sustainment of unmanned systems, including unmanned underwater vehicles and unmanned surface vessels.
virginia class (ssn 774) fast attack nuclear submarines        construct attack submarines as the principal subcontractor to electric boat. the virginia class (ssn 774) is a post-cold war design tailored to excel in a wide range of warfighting missions, including anti-submarine and surface ship warfare; special operation forces; strike; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; carrier and expeditionary strike group support; and mine warfare.
