We are leading a transformation in the tobacco industry to create a smoke-free future and ultimately replace cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders, and through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. To provide a greater focus on both parts of our business—combustible and reduced-risk products—and to support our transformation toward a smoke-free future, effective January 1, 2018, we began managing our business in six reportable segments. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell, with “mix” referring both to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands (product mix) and to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets (geographic mix). Our cost of sales consists principally of tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs; shipping and handling costs; and the cost of the IQOS devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers, with estimated costs associated with IQOS warranty programs generally provided for in cost of sales in the period the related revenues are recognized. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. On January 1, 2018, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” retrospectively to each prior period presented, making an accounting policy election to exclude excise taxes collected from customers from the measurement of the transaction price and thereby presenting revenues net of excise taxes in all prior periods. The unfavorable currency impact during 2018 resulted from fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, especially against the Indonesian rupiah, Russian ruble and Turkish lira, partially offset by the euro and Japanese yen, which impacted our profitability across primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The favorable impact of interest was due primarily to our ongoing efforts to optimize our capital structure following the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, including the decision to use existing cash to repay the $2.5 billion principal for our matured May 2018 ten-year U.S. bond. We completed our analysis of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act during 2018 and adjusted the 2017 provisional estimates to the final amounts based on our 2017 U.S. federal income tax return as filed, recording in our income tax provision a current income tax charge primarily due to an increase in our final 2017 transition tax liability, mostly offset by a deferred income tax benefit primarily due to the recognition of deferred tax assets for net operating losses in the State of New York, and we estimate that our 2019 effective tax rate will be approximately 23%, reflecting the current analysis, interpretation and clarifications of the scope and impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, with updates to the provisional estimates recorded in accordance with SAB 118.