item 1a.       risk factors risks related to our business strategy a significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand.
a significant reduction in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. factors that may affect such demand include:
•increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or communications service providers;
•the financial condition of communications service providers;
•zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof;
•governmental licensing of spectrum or restriction or revocation of our customers' spectrum licenses;
•a decrease in demand for wireless or colocation services, including due to general economic conditions, disruption in the financial and credit markets or global social, political or health crises, such as the material adverse effect of the covid-19 pandemic on the global economy and markets, inflation, slowing growth, rising interest rates or recession;
•the ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure;
•delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; and
•technological changes.
a substantial portion of our current and projected future revenue is derived from a small number of customers, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers.
a substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of customers. if any of these customers are unwilling or unable to perform their obligations under their agreements with us, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, our growth projections are based on future revenue from a small number of customers, and such projections could be adversely impacted by adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers.
one or more of our customers, or their parent companies, may experience financial difficulties, file for bankruptcy or reduce or terminate operations as a result of a prolonged economic downturn, economic difficulties (including those from the imposition of taxes, fees, regulations or judicial interpretations of regulations, and any associated penalties or interest, which may be substantial) or otherwise. the current inflationary and high interest rate environment could materially and adversely affect our customers through disruptions of, among other things, their ability to procure their equipment through their supply chains, their ability to procure power and fuel and their ability to maintain liquidity and deploy network capital, with potential decreases in consumer spending contributing to liquidity risks. such financial difficulties could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible asset, tenant-related intangible asset or goodwill. the loss of significant customers, or the loss of all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our largest customer in india is vil, which represented approximately 3.2% of our total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022. in the third quarter of 2022, vil communicated that it would make partial payments of its contractual amounts owed to us and indicated that it would continue to make partial payments for the remainder of 2022. in late 2022, vil had communicated its intent to resume payments in full under its contractual obligations owed to us beginning on january 1, 2023. however, in early 2023, vil communicated that it would not be able to resume payments in full of its contractual obligations owed to us, and that it would instead continue to make partial payments. we considered these recent developments and the uncertainty with respect to amounts owed under our tenant leases when conducting our annual impairment assessments for long-lived assets and goodwill in india. as a result, we determined that certain fixed and intangible assets had been impaired during the year ended december 31, 2022. an impairment of $97.0 million was taken on tower and network location intangible assets in india. we also impaired the tenant-related intangible assets for vil, which resulted in an impairment of $411.6 million. for more information on impairments in india, please see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates"
included in this annual report. for more information on revenue reserves related to the vil shortfall, please see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation-results of operation" included in this annual report. continued partial payments from vil could have further negative effects on our fixed assets, intangible assets or goodwill, could result in additional impairments and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
in october 2022, and as subsequently amended in february 2023, atc tipl and vil notified the stock exchange of india that both parties have board approvals in relation to an issuance of convertible debentures pursuant to which, in exchange for vil's payment of certain amounts towards accounts receivables, atc tipl shall pay equivalent amounts towards subscription to convertible debentures issued by vil. the convertible debentures are to be repaid by vil with interest and atc tipl has the option to convert the debentures into equity of vil. the issuance of the debentures is subject to certain conditions precedent, which may not be met. vil may not be able to meet its operating obligations, including making payments to us in the future, which may result in us incurring additional impairment expenses or other similar charges, and which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
due to the long-term nature of our customer leases, we depend on the continued financial strength of our customers. many communications service providers operate with substantial levels of debt. in our international operations, many of our customers are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. these subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities.
in addition, many of our customers and potential customers rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital expenditures, which may be more difficult or expensive in the event of downturns in the economy or disruptions in the financial and credit markets, such as the current environment driven by the significant disruptions caused by factors such as inflation, rising interest rates and supply chain disruptions. if our customers or potential customers are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans or face capital constraints, they may reduce their spending, file for bankruptcy or reduce or terminate operations, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications infrastructure and our services business.
in the ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our customers, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. historically, we have resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our relationships with our customers. however, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our leases with those customers, a material adverse modification of the terms of those leases or a deterioration in our relationships with those customers that leads to a failure to obtain new business from them, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. if we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation, our relationship with the applicable customer could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenue or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
if our customers consolidate their operations, exit their businesses or share site infrastructure to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
significant consolidation among our customers could reduce demand for our communications infrastructure and may materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. certain combined companies have rationalized duplicative parts of their networks or modernized their networks, and these and other customers could determine not to renew, or attempt to cancel, avoid or limit leases or related payments with us. in the event a customer terminates its business or separately sells its spectrum, we may experience increased churn as a result. our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. for example, see our discussion of churn as a result of the t-mobile mla in our u.s. & canada property segment in item 7 of this annual report, under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-executive overview."
in addition, extensive sharing of site infrastructure, roaming or resale arrangements among wireless service providers, including due to increases in advanced network technology such as 5g, as an alternative to leasing our communications sites, without compensation to us, may cause new lease activity to slow if carriers utilize shared equipment rather than deploy new equipment, or may result in the decommissioning of equipment on certain existing sites because portions of the customers' networks may become redundant.
our industry is highly competitive and our customers have numerous alternatives in leasing communications infrastructure assets. competition due to pricing or alternative contractual arrangements from peers could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. we may not be able to renew existing customer leases or enter into new customer leases, or if we are able to renew or enter into new leases, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms than our current terms, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate.
our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk.
as we continue to acquire and build communications sites and other communications infrastructure assets, including data center facilities and related assets, in our existing markets and expand into new markets, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including not meeting our return on investment criteria and financial objectives, increased costs, assumed liabilities and the diversion of managerial attention. achieving the benefits of acquisition and platform expansion initiatives depends in part on timely and efficient integration of operations, telecommunications infrastructure assets and personnel. integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, portfolios without requisite permits, differing systems, cultural differences, conflicting policies, procedures and operations. significant acquisition-related integration costs, including certain nonrecurring charges such as costs associated with onboarding employees, integrating information technology systems, acquiring permits and visiting, inspecting, engineering and upgrading tower sites or other communications infrastructure assets, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which such charges are recorded or our cash flow in the period in which any related costs are actually paid. some of our acquired portfolios have included sites that do not meet our structural specifications, including sites that may be overburdened. in these cases, beyond additional capital expenditures, general liability risks associated with such portfolios will exist until such time as those portfolios are upgraded or otherwise remedied. in addition, integration may significantly burden management and internal resources, including through the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel. our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks, such as those described above, as well as our ability to comply with bribery and anti-corruption laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa") and similar local laws.
moreover, we may fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity. if we are not able to meet these integration challenges, we may not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired portfolios and businesses, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected.
for example, failure to successfully and efficiently operate and expand acquired assets from the coresite acquisition may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our data centers and ensure our data centers remain operational at all times. problems at one or more of our data centers, whether or not within our control, could result in service interruptions or significant infrastructure or equipment damage. these could result from numerous factors, including energy cost and availability, human error, equipment failure, physical, electronic and cyber security breaches, fire, earthquake, hurricane, flood, tornado and other natural disasters, extreme temperatures, water damage, fiber cuts, power loss, terrorist acts, sabotage and vandalism, global pandemics or health emergencies and failure of business partners.
we have service level commitment obligations to substantially all of our data center customers. as a result, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our data centers could result in difficulty maintaining service level commitments to these customers and potential claims related to such failures. because our data centers are critical to many of our customers' businesses, service interruptions or significant equipment damage in our data centers could also result in lost profits or other indirect or consequential damages to our customers. in addition, any loss of service, equipment damage or inability to meet our service level commitment obligations could reduce the confidence of our customers and could consequently impair our ability to obtain and retain customers, which would adversely affect both our ability to generate revenues and our operating results. furthermore, we are dependent upon internet service providers, telecommunications carriers and utility providers, some of which have experienced significant system failures and outages in the past. our customers may in the future experience difficulties due to system failures unrelated to our systems and offerings. if, for any reason, these providers fail to provide the required services, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
as a result of our acquisitions, we have a substantial amount of intangible assets and goodwill. in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"), we are required to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets annually or more frequently in the event of circumstances indicating potential impairment to determine if they are impaired. if, as a result of the factors noted above, the testing performed indicates that an asset may not be recoverable or the carrying value exceeds the fair value, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge in the period the determination is made.
our platform expansion initiatives may not be successful, or we may be required to record impairment charges for our goodwill or for other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could limit our continued investments in such platform expansion initiatives.
in addition, as we continue to invest in partnership opportunities to support our expansion initiatives, our partners may have business or economic goals that are inconsistent or conflict with ours, be in positions to take action contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, have competing interests in our, or other, markets that could create conflict of interest issues, withhold consents contrary to our requests or become unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments, any of which could present governance challenges with multiple partners or expose us to additional liabilities or costs, including requiring us to assume and fulfill the obligations of that partnership or to execute buyouts of their interests.
new technologies or changes, or lack thereof, in our or a customer's business model could make our communications infrastructure leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues and operating results.
the development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a customer's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. in addition, if the industry trends toward deploying increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies, then customers may allocate less of their budgets to leasing space on our towers. examples of these technologies include more spectrally efficient technologies, which could relieve a portion of our customers' network capacity needs and, as a result, could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. additionally, certain small cell complementary network technologies or satellite services could shift a portion of our customers' network investments away from traditional tower-based networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites.
moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception. further, a customer may decide to cease outsourcing tower infrastructure or otherwise change its business model, which would result in a decrease in our revenue and operating results. similarly, our data center site infrastructure may become antiquated due to the development of new systems that deliver power to, or eliminate heat from, the servers and other customer equipment that we house or the development of new technology that requires levels of power and cooling density that our facilities are not designed to provide. our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of these or other new technologies or changes in a customer's business model could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business, results of operations or financial condition. conversely, we may invest significant capital in technologies, platform expansion initiatives or new additions to our core business that may not provide expected returns or profitability, which could divert management attention and have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
additionally, our customers may overestimate or overvalue the benefits and use of 5g networks and other new technology that are deployed onto our communications sites that, in turn, could adversely affect our customers' growth, thereby adversely affecting our growth.
we may experience increased competition for the acquisition of communications infrastructure assets or contracts to build new communications infrastructure assets for customers, which could make the acquisition of high-quality assets significantly more costly or prohibitive or cause us to lose contracts to build new sites. some of our competitors are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may apply less stringent investment criteria or less stringent contractual terms than we do. in addition, we may not anticipate increased competition entering a particular market or competing for the same assets. higher prices for assets or the failure to add new assets to our portfolio could make it more difficult to achieve our anticipated returns on investment or future growth, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
in addition, some of our data center competitors have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, lower operating costs, lower levels of leverage, pre-existing relationships with current or potential customers, greater financial, marketing and other resources, access to better networks and access to less expensive power. these advantages could allow our data center competitors to respond more quickly or effectively to strategic opportunities and as a result, we may lose existing or potential data center customers, incur costs to improve our properties or be forced to reduce our rental rates. these risks are compounded by the fact that a significant percentage of our data center customer leases expire every year.
risks related to our financial performance or general economic conditions our leverage and debt service obligations, including during a rising interest rates environment, may materially and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our distribution requirements.
our leverage and debt service obligations, including as a result of our recent coresite acquisition, could have significant negative consequences to our business, results of operations or financial condition, including:
•requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and reit distributions;
•impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of the towers securing such debt if a default remains uncured;
•limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, thereby placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources, including with respect to acquiring assets; and
•limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete.
we may need to raise additional capital through debt financing activities, asset sales or equity issuances, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable, to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, required purchases of our partners' interests and to satisfy our distribution requirements and debt service obligations and leverage requirements, including financial ratio covenants. an increase in our total leverage could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating below investment grade, which could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms, rates and conditions or subject us to additional loan covenants, which could accelerate our debt repayment obligations. further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness.
further, market volatility and disruption caused by factors such as inflation, rising interest rates and supply chain disruptions may impact our ability to raise additional capital through debt and equity financing activities or our ability to repay or refinance maturing liabilities, or impact the terms of any new obligations, which in turn may have an adverse impact on our credit ratings. the federal reserve board began to raise interest rates in march 2022 for the first time in over three years, significantly increased the federal funds rate during 2022 and has indicated that further rate increases may be announced in the short-term to combat rising inflation in the united states. such rate increases have corresponding impact to our costs of borrowing and may have an adverse impact on our ability to raise funds through the offering of our securities or through the issuance of debt due to higher debt capital costs, diminished credit availability and less favorable equity markets. any significant additional federal fund rate increases may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. the extent to which these factors will impact our business and financial results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time due to the rapid evolution of this uncertain situation.
the united states and other large global economies experienced historically high inflation during 2022, which has continued into the beginning of 2023. the federal reserve board and other central banks already have raised interest rates more aggressively and to their highest levels in the last four to five decades. current and future inflationary effects may be driven by, among other things, supply chain disruptions, governmental stimulus or fiscal policies, as well as the ongoing military conflict between russia and ukraine. inflation can materially adversely affect us by increasing the costs of land, materials, labor and other costs required to manage and grow our business. in addition, should inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators, our returns could be adversely affected. in an inflationary environment, such as the current economic environment, depending on the terms of our contracts and other economic conditions, we may be unable to raise prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation or our customers may be unwilling to pay contractual increases, which would reduce our profit margins and returns. if we are unable to increase our prices to offset the effects of inflation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. rising inflation rates have also contributed to foreign currency exchange rate volatility, including in several of the markets where we operate. the ongoing impact of inflation may continue to create foreign exchange rate instability in our international markets that could, in turn, depress the value of that market's currency, thereby adversely impacting our business, results of operations or financial condition.
in addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates. the federal reserve board and other central banks have recently raised interest rates aggressively, to their highest levels in the last four to five decades. the combination of higher interest rates and high inflation could lead to an extended economic downturn, which could reduce our ability to incur debt or access capital and impact our results of operations and financial condition even after these conditions improve.
restrictive covenants in the agreements related to our securitization transactions, our credit facilities and our debt securities could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility, and we may be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit.
the agreements related to our securitization transactions include operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. among other things, the borrowers under the agreements are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. a failure to comply with the covenants in the agreements could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the secured assets and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such assets to us. if the borrowers were to default on any of the loans, the servicer on such loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the secured assets, in which case we could lose such assets and the cash flow associated with such assets.
the agreements for our credit facilities also contain restrictive covenants and leverage and other financial maintenance tests that could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness or making distributions to stockholders, including our required reit distributions, and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. additionally, our credit facilities restrict our and our subsidiaries' ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower or other communications infrastructure development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. our credit agreements also contain cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions, which may be triggered if we default on certain indebtedness in excess of certain thresholds. in the event of such a default, the resulting cross-defaults or cross-accelerations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. further, reporting and information covenants in our credit agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. if we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants. for more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see item 7 of this annual report under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources-factors affecting sources of liquidity" and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
we also enter into hedges for certain debt instruments, which may have an adverse impact on our results to the extent that the counterparties do not perform as expected at the inception of each hedge.
we may be adversely affected by changes in libor reporting practices, the method in which libor is determined or the use of alternative reference rates.
the united kingdom's financial conduct authority (the "fca"), which regulates the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), announced plans to phase out certain libor rates by june 2023. as contemplated, the continuation of libor on the current basis cannot be assured after june 2023, and libor will cease to exist or otherwise be unsuitable for benchmarking. while our bank facilities contain fallback provisions to establish an alternative rate in the event libor is unavailable, the elimination of libor could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. financial institutions may replace libor with a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements, the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"). in april 2018, the united states federal reserve commenced publishing sofr; however, sofr is calculated differently from libor and has inherent differences, which could give rise to uncertainties, including the limited historical data and volatility in the benchmark rates. no consensus exists as to what may become accepted alternatives to libor, whether libor rates will cease to be published or supported before june 2023 or whether any additional reforms to libor may be enacted in the united kingdom or elsewhere. furthermore, the use of an alternative rate could result in increased costs, including increased interest expense, and increased borrowing and hedging costs in the future. we cannot predict the effect of the fca's decision not to sustain libor or, if changes ultimately are made to libor, the effect those changes may have on our interest expense related to borrowings under our bank facilities, certain other debt service obligations and interest swap agreements, which could potentially negatively impact our financial condition.
risks related to laws and regulations our business, and that of our customers, is subject to laws, regulations and administrative and judicial decisions, and changes thereto, that could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape.
our business, and that of our customers, is subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, treaties and regulations and administrative and judicial decisions. in certain jurisdictions, these regulations, laws and treaties could be applied or be enforced retroactively. zoning authorities and community organizations are sometimes opposed to the construction of communications sites in their communities, which can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to customer demands.
existing or new regulatory policies, regulations or laws may materially and adversely affect the timing, cost or completion of our communications sites or result in changes in the competitive landscape that may negatively affect our business. noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to litigants or result in decreased revenue. in addition, in certain jurisdictions, we and certain of our customers are required to pay annual license fees, which may be subject to substantial increases by the government, or new fees may be enacted and applied retroactively. governmental licenses may also be subject to periodic renewal and additional conditions to receive or maintain such license. additionally, we have government customers for several of our communications sites and data centers, which subjects us to risks including early termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties.
furthermore, the tax laws, regulations, applicable license terms and conditions, and interpretations governing our business, and that of our customers, in jurisdictions where we operate, may change at any time, potentially with retroactive effect. due to the evolving nature of global tax laws and regulations and compliance approaches, it is currently not possible to assess the ultimate impact of these actions on our financial statements, but these actions could have an impact on our financial results. this includes changes in tax laws, transfer pricing regulations, spectrum use terms, administrative compliance guidance or judicial interpretations thereof. for example, the definition and application of adjusted gross revenue ("agr") in india and associated fees and charges may have a material financial impact on certain of our customers which could affect their ability to perform their obligations under agreements with us. changes in laws, regulations and judicial decisions, such as the ongoing organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) legislative developments regarding global minimum tax rules, could have a more significant impact on us as a reit relative to other reits due to the nature of our business and our use of taxable reit subsidiaries. these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
our international business operations and our potential expansion into additional new markets in the future expose us to potential adverse financial and operational problems not typically experienced in the united states. we anticipate that revenues from our international operations will continue to grow. accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including:
•uncertain, inconsistent or changing laws, regulations, rulings or methodologies impacting our existing and anticipated international operations, fees or other requirements directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications infrastructure or our international acquisitions, any of which laws, fees or requirements may be applied retroactively or with significant delay;
•expropriation resulting in government takeover of customer operations or governmental regulation restricting foreign ownership or requiring reversion or divestiture;
•laws or regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;
•changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, including inflation or currency devaluation;
•changes to zoning regulations or construction laws, which could be applied retroactively to our existing communications infrastructure;
•actions restricting or revoking our customers' spectrum licenses, or alterations or interpretations thereof, or suspending or terminating business under prior licenses;
•failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the fcpa or similar local anti-bribery laws, or the office of foreign assets control requirements;
•failure to comply with data privacy laws or other protections of employee health and personal information;
•material site issues related to security, fuel availability and reliability of electrical grids;
•significant increases in, or implementation of new, license surcharges on our revenue;
•loss of key personnel, including expatriates, in markets where talent is difficult or expensive to acquire; and
•price-setting or other similar laws or regulations for the sharing of passive infrastructure.
we also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from the impacts of the current inflationary and high interest rate environment on the global economy and markets and those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. our revenues earned from our international operations are primarily denominated in their respective local currencies. we have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-u.s. dollar operations, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar would negatively impact our reported revenues, operating profits and income.
we may be adversely affected by regulations related to climate change.
efforts to regulate greenhouse gas emissions, the use of fossil fuels or requirement to use alternative fuel to power energy resources that serve our data centers or the generators we use in our emerging markets to deliver primary power to our customers may have direct or indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of compliance. in addition, there is an increased focus by many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders regarding environmental and energy policies relating to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and other climate-related matters. these governmental initiatives are becoming more stringent and may require us and our customers to make capital expenditures, such as investing in renewable energy solutions or internal compliance systems, which would result in increased costs for us and our customers. failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or other requirements imposed on us could also lead to fines and/or lost revenue.
in 2021, we adopted science-based greenhouse gas reduction targets, which were approved by the science based targets initiative and are in line with the goals set forth in the 2015 paris agreement. our ability to achieve these goals are based on several factors, some of which are outside of our control including changing regulatory requirements, the pace of changes in technology and the availability of requisite financing. in addition, to meet our goals, we may be required to expend significant resources to meet them, which could increase our operational costs. we cannot guarantee that we will achieve our announced environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives. in addition, consumers' perceptions of our efforts to achieve these goals often differ widely and present risks to our reputation and brand. failing to meet these goals could result in customer dissatisfaction and damage to our reputation with our key stakeholders, which could in turn adversely impact our results of operations, reputation, financial condition and stock price.
if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates, which may substantially reduce funds otherwise available, and even if we qualify for taxation as a reit, we may face tax liabilities that impact earnings and available cash flow.
commencing with the taxable year beginning january 1, 2012, we have operated as a reit for federal income tax purposes. qualification for taxation as a reit requires the application of certain highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. further, tax legislation may adversely affect our ability to remain qualified for taxation as a reit or the benefits or desirability of remaining so qualified. there are few judicial or administrative interpretations of the relevant provisions of the code.
if, in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit and are not entitled to relief under the code:
we are subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. while state and local income tax regimes often parallel the u.s. federal income tax regime for reits, many of these jurisdictions differ in their treatment of reits. for example, some state and local jurisdictions currently or in the future may limit or eliminate a reit's deduction for dividends paid, which could increase our income tax expense. we are also subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by the u.s. internal revenue service and state, local and foreign tax authorities. the results of an audit and examination of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability.
furthermore, we have owned and may from time to time own direct and indirect ownership interests in subsidiary reits, which must also comply with the same reit requirements that we must satisfy, together with all other rules applicable to reits. if the subsidiary reit is determined to have failed to qualify for taxation as a reit and certain relief provisions do not apply, then the subsidiary reit would be subject to federal income tax, which tax we would economically bear along with applicable penalties and interest. in addition, our ownership of shares in such subsidiary reit would fail to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to reits and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary reit may cease to be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the 75% gross income test. these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reit income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify for taxation as a reit.
complying with reit requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities.
our use of trss enables us to engage in non-reit qualifying business activities. under the code, no more than 20% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss and no more than 25% of the value of the assets of the reit may be represented by non-qualifying assets (including securities of one or more trss). this limitation may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments or take advantage of acquisition opportunities, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our trss, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy.
further, as a reit, we must distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). to meet our annual distribution requirements, we may be required to distribute amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, including amounts that may otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. as no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our trss and other non-qualifying types of income, our ability to receive distributions from our trss may be limited, which may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders or to use income of our trss to fund other investments.
in addition, the majority of our income and cash flows from our trss are generated from our international operations. in many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the united states to help satisfy reit distribution requirements.
we could have liability under environmental and occupational safety and health laws.
our operations are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. as the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, including generators, we may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal or remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, and for damages and costs relating to off-site migration of hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of, or were responsible for, the contamination. we may also be liable for certain costs of remediating contamination at third-party sites to which we sent waste for disposal, even if the original disposal may have complied with all legal requirements at the time. many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping requirements. we may not be at all times in compliance with all environmental requirements. further, our data center properties are subject to various federal, state and local regulations, such as state and local fire and life safety regulations and ada federal requirements. we may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements.
the requirements of the environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. in certain jurisdictions, these laws and regulations could be applied retroactively or be broadened to cover situations or persons not currently considered. it is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. while we maintain environmental and workers' compensation insurance, we may not have adequate insurance to cover all costs, fines or penalties.
risks related to the operation of our business our towers, fiber networks, data centers or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters (including as a result of climate change) and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage or result in increased insurance premiums.
our towers, fiber networks, data centers and computer systems are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as hurricanes, ice and windstorms, tornadoes, floods, earthquakes and wildfires, as well as other unforeseen events, such as the potential adverse effects of pandemics and acts of terrorism. during the past several years, we have seen an increase in severe weather events and expect this trend to continue due to climate change. further, environmental liabilities, such as contamination, asbestos-containing building materials and mold or other air quality issues at some of our data centers, could arise and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance.
any damage or destruction to, or inability to access, our towers, fiber networks, data centers or computer systems may cause supply chain delays or impact our ability to provide services to our customers and lead to customer loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition and also, our communications sites could be subject to attacks instigated by claims that the deployment of 5g networks is linked to adverse health effects.
while we maintain insurance coverage for certain natural disasters, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction of sites or fiber for a major future event, lost revenue, including from new customers that could have been added to our towers, fiber networks or data centers but for the event, or other costs to remediate the impact of a significant event, such was wildfire damage caused by our towers. further, we may be liable for damage caused by towers that collapse for any number of reasons including structural deficiencies, which could harm our reputation and require us to incur costs for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage.
if we, or third parties on which we rely, experience technology failures, including cybersecurity incidents or the loss of personally identifiable information, we may incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences, which may include reputational damage.
as part of our normal business activities, including in our data centers, we rely on energy systems, cooling systems, communication networks, information technology and other computing resources. we may be vulnerable to physical or cybersecurity breaches that could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. we face risks associated with unauthorized access to our or our vendors' computer systems, loss or destruction of data, computer viruses, malware, distributed denial-of-service attacks or other malicious activities. these threats may result from human error, equipment failure or fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties. a party who is able to compromise the security measures on our or our vendors' networks or the security of our communications infrastructure could misappropriate either our proprietary information or the personal information of our customers or our employees, or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or our customers' operations. as we provide assurances to our customers that we provide a high level of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to our brand and reputation. we may be required to expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by breaches in security.
globally, the frequency, severity and sophistication of cybersecurity incidents have increased, and these trends may continue, especially during times of geopolitical tension or instability among countries, including, for example, the ongoing military conflict between russia and ukraine, from which a number of recent cybersecurity events have been alleged to have originated. such cyber-attacks could be in the form of espionage, phishing campaigns and otherwise. we are continuously evaluating and enhancing our cybersecurity and information security systems and creating new systems and processes. however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective in preventing or limiting the impact of future cybersecurity incidents. as techniques used to breach security grow in frequency and sophistication, and are generally not recognized until launched against a target, we, or our vendors, may not be able to promptly detect that a cyber breach has occurred or implement security measures in a timely manner. if and when implemented, we, or our vendors, may not be able to determine the extent to which these measures could be circumvented. any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers, damage relating to loss of proprietary information, harm to our reputation and increases in our security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and operating results. we offer managed services in certain of our data centers where we provide "remote hands" services for our customers. the access to our customers' networks and data, which is gained from these services, creates some risk that our customers' networks or data will be improperly accessed. if we were held responsible for any such breach, it could result in a significant loss to us, including damage to our customer relationships, harm to our brand and reputation and legal liability. additionally, while we maintain insurance coverage for cybersecurity incidents, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs in the event of a breach resulting in loss of data, such as personally identifiable information or other such data protected by data privacy or other laws, and we may be liable for damages, fines and penalties for such losses under applicable regulatory frameworks.
although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, breached or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, including our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information, our customers' network availability may be impacted or we could unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information (including information about our customers or landlords, or customer information on our fiber, data center or managed networks businesses), which could result in a loss of revenue, damage to our reputation, damage to our customer and vendor relationships, litigation, regulatory investigations and penalties under existing or future data privacy laws and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues.
our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks are substantiated.
public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. in particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks, including claims that the deployment of 5g networks is linked to adverse health effects, could undermine the market acceptance of wireless communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of tower sites. if a scientific study, court decision or government agency ruling resulted in a finding that radio frequency emissions pose health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact our customers and the market for wireless services, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. we do not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters.
if we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers and buildings in which our data centers are located, it could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses and rights-of-way. a loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate that tower site and generate revenues. for various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. from time to time, we also experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of easements or ground agreements for land under towers, which can affect our ability to access and operate tower sites. further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. a significant number of the communications sites in our portfolio are located on land we lease pursuant to long-term operating leases. further, for various reasons, title to property interests in some of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may not be as certain as title to our property interests in the united states. our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we do not own the buildings for all of our data centers and our business could be harmed if we are unable to renew the leases for these data centers at favorable terms or at all, though we generally have the right to extend the terms of our leases when the primary terms of the leases expire. failure to increase operating revenues to sufficiently offset any potential increase in lease costs, including as a result of the current inflationary environment, would adversely impact our operating income. we could also lose customers due to the disruptions in their operations caused by our inability to renew our data center leases. additionally, we rely on our landlords for basic maintenance of our leased data centers. if such landlords have not maintained our leased properties sufficiently, we may be forced into an early exit from one or more of these data centers, which could be disruptive to our business.
if we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers that are subject to lease and sublease agreements at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from those towers will be eliminated.
our communications real estate portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of the lease period. we may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase the towers at the end of the applicable period, or we may choose, for business or other reasons, not to do so. if we do not exercise these purchase rights, and are unable to extend the lease or sublease or otherwise acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from the towers.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations that follow are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the financial statements. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report and the accompanying notes, and the information set forth under the caption "critical accounting policies and estimates" below.
we report our results in seven segments - u.s. & canada property (which includes all assets in the united states and canada, other than our data center facilities and related assets), asia-pacific property, africa property, europe property, latin america property, data centers and services. in evaluating financial performance in each business segment, management uses, among other factors, segment gross margin and segment operating profit (see note 20 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report).
executive overview we are one of the largest global reits and a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate. our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies and municipalities and tenants in a number of other industries. in addition to the communications sites in our portfolio, we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. we also hold other telecommunications infrastructure, fiber and property interests that we lease primarily to communications service providers and third-party tower operators, and, as discussed further below, we hold a portfolio of highly interconnected data center facilities and related assets in the united states. our customers include our tenants, licensees and other payers. we refer to the business encompassing the above as our property operations, which accounted for 98% of our total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2022 and includes our u.s. & canada property, asia-pacific property, africa property, europe property and latin america property segments and data centers segment.
we also offer tower-related services in the united states, including site application, zoning and permitting, structural analysis and construction management, which primarily support our site leasing business, including the addition of new tenants and equipment on our sites.
the following table details the number of communications sites, excluding managed sites, that we owned or operated as of december 31, 2022:
number of                  number of                        number of owned towers                   operated                  owned das sites towers (1)
(1)approximately 95% of the operated towers are held pursuant to long-term finance leases, including those subject to purchase options.
(2)we also control land under carrier or other third-party communications sites in australia and new zealand, which provide recurring cash flows through tenant leasing arrangements.
as of december 31, 2022, our property portfolio included 28 operating data center facilities across ten markets in the united states that collectively comprise approximately 3.1 million nrsf of data center space, as detailed below:
number of                total nrsf (1)
(1)excludes approximately 0.4 million of office and light-industrial nrsf acquired as part of the coresite acquisition.
in most of our markets, our tenant leases for our communications sites with wireless carriers generally have initial non-cancellable terms of five to ten years with multiple renewal terms. accordingly, the vast majority of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year ended december 31, 2022 was recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. most of our tenant leases for our communications sites have provisions that periodically increase the rent due under the lease, typically based on an annual fixed escalation (averaging approximately 3% in the united states) or an inflationary index in most of our international markets, or a combination of both. in addition, certain of our tenant leases provide for additional revenue primarily to cover costs, such as ground rent or power and fuel costs.
based upon existing customer leases and foreign currency exchange rates as of december 31, 2022, we expect to generate over $62 billion of non-cancellable customer lease revenue over future periods, before the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
following the court rulings by the supreme court of india regarding carriers' obligations for the agr fees and charges prescribed by such court, we continue to experience variability and a level of uncertainty in collections in india. as further discussed in item 1a of this annual report under the caption "risk factors-a substantial portion of our current and projected revenue is derived from a small number of customers, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers," in the third quarter of 2022, our largest customer in india, vil, communicated that it would make partial payments of its contractual amounts owed to us and indicated that it would continue to make partial payments for the remainder of 2022. in late 2022, vil had communicated its intent to resume payments in full under its contractual obligations owed to us beginning on january 1, 2023. however, in early 2023, vil communicated that it would not be able to resume payments in full of its contractual obligations owed to us, and that it would instead continue to make partial payments.
we considered these recent developments and the uncertainty with respect to amounts owed under our tenant leases when conducting our annual impairment assessments for long-lived assets and goodwill in india. as a result, we determined that certain fixed and intangible assets had been impaired during the year ended december 31, 2022. an impairment of $97.0 million was taken on tower and network location intangible assets in india. we also impaired the tenant-related intangible assets for vil, which resulted in an impairment of $411.6 million. we expect to periodically evaluate the carrying value of our indian assets, which may result in the realization of additional impairment expense or other similar charges. for more information on impairments in india, please see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting policies and estimates" included in this annual report.
in october 2022, and as subsequently amended in february 2023, atc tipl and vil notified the stock exchange of india that both parties have board approvals in relation to an issuance of convertible debentures pursuant to which, in exchange for vil's payment of certain amounts towards accounts receivables, atc tipl shall pay equivalent amounts towards subscription to convertible debentures issued by vil. the convertible debentures are to be repaid by vil with interest and atc tipl has the option to convert the debentures into equity of vil. the issuance of the debentures is subject to certain conditions precedent, which may not be met.
as a result of the challenging business environment in india, we are exploring various strategic alternatives aimed at potentially reducing our exposure there, including the sale of an equity interest in our india operations to one or more private investors. any such completed transaction could have a material impact on our financial statements and on our results of operations in the period in which any such transaction occurred. there can be no assurance that any such strategic alternative will be implemented and, if so implemented, as to the timing thereof, and any such proposed transaction would be subject to conditions, including regulatory approvals in india.
the revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. as discussed above, most of our tenant leases with wireless carriers and broadcasters are multiyear contracts, which typically are non-cancellable; however, in some instances, a lease may be cancelled upon the payment of a termination fee.
revenue lost from either tenant lease cancellations or the non-renewal of leases or rent renegotiations, which we refer to as churn, has historically not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our consolidated property operations. during the year ended december 31, 2022, churn was approximately 5% of our tenant billings, primarily driven by churn in our u.s. & canada property segment, as discussed below.
we expect that our churn rate in our u.s. & canada property segment will remain elevated for a period of several years through 2025 due to contractual lease cancellations and non-renewals by t-mobile, including legacy sprint corporation leases, pursuant to the terms of the t-mobile mla entered into in september 2020.
we will continue to actively monitor the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and may take further actions as may be required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners.
property operations revenue growth. due to our diversified communications site portfolio, our tenant lease rates vary considerably depending upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, amount, type and position of tenant equipment on the tower, remaining tower capacity and tower location. we measure the remaining tower capacity by assessing several factors, including tower height, tower type, environmental conditions, existing equipment on the tower and zoning and permitting regulations in effect in the jurisdiction where the tower is located. in many instances, tower capacity can be increased with relatively modest tower augmentation capital expenditures, which are often reimbursed to us.
the primary factors affecting the revenue growth of our property segments are:
•growth in tenant billings, including:
•contractual rent escalations on existing tenant leases, net of churn; and
•new revenue attributable to leases in place on day one on sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior-year period.
•revenue growth from our data centers segment in the united states, including rental and power revenue from new lease commencements and expansions, contractual rent and power escalations on existing leases, mark-to-market increases on renewing leases and increased interconnection services and solutions.
•revenue growth from other items, including additional tenant payments primarily to cover costs, such as ground rent or power and fuel costs included in certain tenant leases ("pass-through"), straight-line revenue and decommissioning.
we continue to believe that our site leasing revenue, which makes up the vast majority of our property segment revenue, is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. by adding new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants on our sites, we are able to increase these sites' utilization and profitability. we believe the majority of our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers, with tenants in a number of other industries contributing incremental leasing demand. our site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next generation wireless technologies. in addition, we intend to continue to supplement our organic growth by selectively developing or acquiring new sites in our existing and new markets where we can achieve our risk-adjusted return on investment objectives.
property operations organic revenue growth. consistent with our strategy to increase the utilization and return on investment from our sites, our objective is to add new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants through colocation and lease amendments. our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. this rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. according to industry data, recent aggregate annual wireless capital spending in the united states has averaged at least $30 billion, resulting in consistent demand for our sites.
based on industry research and projections, we expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities for us:
•in less advanced wireless markets where network deployments are in earlier stages, we expect these deployments to drive demand for our tower space as carriers seek to expand their footprints and increase the scope and density of their networks. we have established operations in many of these markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments over the long term.
•subscribers' use of mobile data continues to grow rapidly given increasing smartphone and other advanced device penetration, the proliferation of bandwidth-intensive applications on these devices and the continuing evolution of the mobile ecosystem. we believe carriers will be compelled to deploy additional equipment on existing networks while also rolling out more advanced wireless networks to address coverage and capacity needs resulting from this increasing mobile data usage.
•the deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4g and 5g, will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. as a result, we expect that our tenants will continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks.
•wireless service providers compete based on the quality of their networks, which is driven by capacity and coverage. to maintain or improve their network performance as overall network usage increases, our tenants continue to deploy additional equipment across their existing sites while also adding new cell sites. we anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network density is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage.
•wireless service providers continue to acquire additional spectrum, and as a result are expected to add additional sites and equipment to their networks as they seek to optimize their network configuration and utilize additional spectrum. we expect this to be particularly relevant in the context of higher-band spectrum such as 2.5 gigahertz (ghz) and c-band being deployed for 5g, as these spectrum assets tend to have more limited propagation characteristics compared to the lower-band spectrum that has historically been deployed on our towers.
•next generation technologies requiring wireless connectivity have the potential to provide incremental revenue opportunities for us. these technologies may include edge computing functionality, autonomous vehicle networks and a number of other internet-of-things, or iot, applications, as well as other potential use cases for wireless services. these technologies may create new and complementary use cases for our communications real estate over time, although these use cases are currently in nascent stages.
•continued data growth and emerging high-performance, latency-sensitive applications will drive an increased need for reliable, secure and interconnected data center solutions. we believe these trends will result in incremental utilization and interconnection demand at our data center facilities.
as part of our international expansion initiatives, we have targeted markets in various stages of network development to diversify our international exposure and position us to benefit from a number of different wireless technology deployments over the long term. in addition, we have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers to increase the opportunities for growth or mutually beneficial transactional opportunities across common markets. we believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward.
in emerging markets, such as bangladesh, burkina faso, ghana, india, kenya, niger, nigeria, the philippines and uganda, wireless networks tend to be significantly less advanced than those in the united states, and initial voice networks continue to be deployed in certain underdeveloped areas. a majority of consumers in these markets still utilize basic wireless services and advanced device penetration remains low. in more developed urban locations within these markets, mobile data usage tends to be higher and advanced network deployments are further along. carriers are focused on completing voice network build-outs while increasing investments in data networks as mobile data usage and smartphone penetration within their customer bases begin to accelerate.
in india, the ongoing transition from 2g technology to 4g technology has included a period of carrier consolidation, whereby the number of carriers operating in the marketplace has been reduced through mergers, acquisitions and select carrier exits from the marketplace, which we believe is now substantially complete. we believe that this consolidation process has resulted in an industry structure that is more constructive for both the wireless carriers and communications infrastructure over the long-term.
in markets with rapidly evolving network technology, such as south africa, poland and most of the countries in latin america where we do business, initial voice networks, for the most part, have already been built out, and carriers are increasingly focused on 4g network deployments. consumers in these regions are increasingly adopting smartphones and other advanced devices, in particular as lower cost smartphones become increasingly available. as a result, the usage of bandwidth-intensive mobile applications is growing materially. recent spectrum auctions in these rapidly evolving markets have allowed incumbent carriers to accelerate their data network deployments and have also enabled new entrants to begin initial investments in data networks. smartphone penetration and wireless data usage in these markets are advancing rapidly, which typically requires that carriers continue to invest in their networks to maintain and augment their quality of service.
finally, in markets with more mature network technology, such as australia, canada, germany, france, new zealand and spain, carriers are focused on deploying 4g data networks to account for rapidly increasing wireless data usage among their customer base. with higher smartphone and advanced device penetration and significantly higher per capita data usage, carrier investment in networks is focused on 4g coverage and capacity, as well as the early stages of 5g deployment.
we believe that the network technology migration we have seen in the united states, which has led to significantly denser networks and meaningful new business commencements for us over a number of years, will be replicated in our international markets over time. as a result, we expect to be able to leverage our extensive international portfolio of approximately 182,000 communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier tenants to drive sustainable, long-term growth.
we have master lease agreements with many of our tenants for our communications sites that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of non-contractual churn. certain of those master lease agreements are comprehensive in nature and further build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants while significantly reducing colocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites.
demand for our communications infrastructure assets could be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including an increase in network sharing or consolidation among our customers, as set forth in item 1a of this annual report under the captions "risk factors-if our customers consolidate their operations, exit their businesses or share site infrastructure to a significant degree, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected" and "risk factors-a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of customers, and we are sensitive to adverse changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our customers." in addition, the emergence and growth of new technologies could reduce demand for our sites, as set forth under the caption "risk factors-new technologies or changes in our or a customer's business model could make our communications infrastructure leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues and operating results." further, our customers may be subject to new regulatory policies from time to time that materially and adversely affect the demand for our communications infrastructure assets.
property operations new site revenue growth. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we grew our portfolio of communications real estate through the acquisition and construction of approximately 7,405 communications sites globally. in a majority of our asia-pacific, africa, europe and latin america markets, the revenue generated from newly acquired or constructed sites resulted in increases in both tenant and pass-through revenues (such as ground rent or power and fuel costs) and expenses. we continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio.
in 2021, we significantly grew our portfolio of data center facilities through the acquisition of over 20 data center facilities and related assets in the united states, including through the coresite acquisition.
property operations expenses. direct operating expenses incurred by our property segments include direct site or facility level expenses and consist primarily of ground rent and power and fuel costs, some or all of which may be passed through to our customers, as well as property taxes and repairs and maintenance expenses. these segment direct operating expenses exclude all segment and corporate selling, general, administrative and development expenses, which are aggregated into one line item entitled selling, general, administrative and development expense in our consolidated statements of operations. in general, our property segments' selling, general, administrative and development expenses do not significantly increase as a result of adding incremental customers to our sites or facilities and typically increase only modestly year-over-year. as a result, leasing additional space to new customers on our sites or within our facilities provides significant incremental gross margin and cash flow. we may, however, incur additional segment selling, general, administrative and development expenses as we increase our presence in our existing markets or expand into new markets. our profit margin growth is therefore positively impacted by the addition of new customers to our sites or facilities but can be temporarily diluted by our development activities.
services segment revenue growth. as we continue to focus on growing our property operations, we anticipate that our services revenue will continue to represent a small percentage of our total revenues.
non-gaap financial measures included in our analysis of our results of operations are discussions regarding earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion, as adjusted ("adjusted ebitda"), funds from operations, as defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit ffo") attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders, consolidated adjusted funds from operations ("consolidated affo") and affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders.
we define adjusted ebitda as net income before income (loss) from equity method investments; income tax benefit (provision); other income (expense); gain (loss) on retirement of long-term obligations; interest expense; interest income; other operating income (expense); depreciation, amortization and accretion; and stock-based compensation expense.
nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders is defined as net income before gains or losses from the sale or disposal of real estate, real estate related impairment charges, real estate related depreciation, amortization and accretion and dividends to noncontrolling interests, and including adjustments for (i) unconsolidated affiliates and (ii) noncontrolling interests. in this section, we refer to nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as "nareit ffo (common stockholders)."
we define consolidated affo as nareit ffo (common stockholders) before (i) straight-line revenue and expense; (ii) stock-based compensation expense; (iii) the deferred portion of income tax and other income tax adjustments; (iv) non-real estate related depreciation, amortization and accretion; (v) amortization of deferred financing costs, debt discounts and premiums and long-term deferred interest charges; (vi) other income (expense); (vii) gain (loss) on retirement of long-term obligations; (viii) other operating income (expense); and adjustments for (ix) unconsolidated affiliates and (x) noncontrolling interests, less cash payments related to capital improvements and cash payments related to corporate capital expenditures.
we define affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as consolidated affo, excluding the impact of noncontrolling interests on both nareit ffo (common stockholders) and the other adjustments included in the calculation of consolidated affo. in this section, we refer to affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as "affo (common stockholders)."
adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) are not intended to replace net income or any other performance measures determined in accordance with gaap. none of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo or affo (common stockholders) represents cash flows from operating activities in accordance with gaap and, therefore, these measures should not be considered indicative of cash flows from operating activities, as a measure of liquidity or a measure of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. rather, adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) are presented as we believe each is a useful indicator of our current operating performance. we believe that these metrics are useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because (1) each is a key measure used by our management team for decision making purposes and for evaluating our operating segments' performance; (2) adjusted ebitda is a component underlying our credit ratings; (3) adjusted ebitda is widely used in the telecommunications real estate sector to measure operating performance as depreciation, amortization and accretion may vary significantly among companies depending upon accounting methods and useful lives, particularly where acquisitions and non-operating factors are involved; (4) consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) are widely used in the telecommunications real estate sector to adjust nareit ffo (common stockholders) for items that may otherwise cause material fluctuations in nareit ffo (common stockholders) growth from period to period that would not be representative of the underlying performance of property assets in those periods; (5) each provides investors with a meaningful measure for evaluating our period-to-period operating performance by eliminating items that are not operational in nature; and (6) each provides investors with a measure for comparing our results of operations to those of other companies, particularly those in our industry.
our measurement of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) may not, however, be fully comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. reconciliations of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo (common stockholders), consolidated affo and affo (common stockholders) to net income, the most directly comparable gaap measure, have been included below.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2021 compared to year ended december 31, 2020
for a discussion of our 2021 results of operations, including a discussion of our financial results for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, refer to part i, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k filed with the sec on february 25, 2022 (the "2021 form 10-k").
revenue year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
services                      241.1                             247.3                                                         (3)
u.s. & canada property segment revenue growth of $86.1 million was attributable to:
• tenant billings growth of $47.9 million, which was driven by:
◦partially offset by:
▪a decrease of $92.5 million resulting from churn in excess of contractual escalations (as discussed above, we expect that our churn rate will be elevated for a period of several years due to the terms of the t-mobile mla);
▪a decrease of $6.3 million from other tenant billings; and
▪a decrease of $2.0 million generated from newly acquired or constructed sites, which includes the impact of the disposition of certain operations acquired in connection with our acquisition of insite wireless group, llc ("insite," and the acquisition, the "insite acquisition"); and
▪an increase of $38.7 million in other revenue, which includes a $35.4 million increase due to straight-line accounting.
segment revenue growth included a decrease of $0.5 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in canadian dollar.
asia-pacific property segment revenue decrease of $122.1 million was attributable to:
• a decrease of $78.3 million in other revenue, primarily due to revenue reserves of $52.5 million related to the vil shortfall (as discussed above) and a decrease of $13.1 million due to straight-line accounting, primarily related to a write off of vil balances; and
• a decrease of $21.3 million in pass-through revenue, primarily due to revenue reserves of $42.0 million related to the vil shortfall, partially offset by an increase in fuel prices;
• partially offset by tenant billings growth of $39.6 million, which was driven by:
◦partially offset by:
▪a decrease of $18.9 million resulting from churn in excess of contractual escalations; and
▪a decrease of $0.6 million from other tenant billings.
segment revenue decline included a decrease of $62.1 million attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in indian rupee ("inr").
africa property segment revenue growth of $187.0 million was attributable to:
• an increase of $185.3 million in pass-through revenue, primarily due to an increase in fuel prices;
• tenant billings growth of $100.6 million, which was driven by:
◦$1.0 million from contractual escalations, net of churn; and
• an increase of $26.2 million in other revenue, which includes an increase due to straight-line accounting and a decrease in revenue reserves.
segment revenue growth included a decrease of $125.1 million attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation, which included, among others, negative impacts of $69.1 million related to fluctuations in ghanaian cedi, $17.8 million related to fluctuations in south african rand, $14.2 million related to fluctuations in nigerian naira, $10.3 million related to fluctuations in west african cfa franc and $9.3 million related to fluctuations in kenyan shilling.
europe property segment revenue growth of $239.5 million was attributable to:
• tenant billings growth of $185.7 million, which was driven by:
◦$14.9 million from contractual escalations, net of churn; and
• an increase of $121.3 million in pass-through revenue, primarily attributable to the telxius acquisition; and
• an increase of $1.1 million in other revenue.
segment revenue growth included a decrease of $68.6 million, primarily attributable to the negative impact of foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in euro ("eur").
latin america property segment revenue growth of $226.5 million was attributable to:
• tenant billings growth of $107.4 million, which was driven by:
◦$38.5 million from contractual escalations, net of churn;
• an increase of $65.5 million in pass-through revenue, primarily attributable to the telxius acquisition and increased pass-through ground rent costs in brazil; and
• an increase of $49.4 million in other revenue primarily as a result of tenant settlements in mexico.
segment revenue growth included an increase of $4.2 million, attributable to the impact of foreign currency translation, which included, among others, positive impacts of $26.3 million related to fluctuations in brazilian real and $4.2 million related to fluctuations in mexican peso, partially offset by negative impacts of $13.8 million related to fluctuations in colombian peso and $13.3 million related to fluctuations in chilean peso.
data centers segment revenue growth was attributable to data centers acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021, including through the coresite acquisition.
services segment revenue decrease of $6.2 million was primarily attributable to a decrease in site application, zoning, permitting and structural analysis services, partially offset by an increase in construction management services.
gross margin year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
services                      133.7                             150.6                                                        (11)   %
•the increase in u.s. & canada property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above and a decrease in direct expenses of $8.1 million.
•the decrease in asia-pacific property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the decrease in revenue described above and an increase in direct expenses of $15.8 million due to an increase in costs associated with pass-through revenue, including fuel costs. direct expenses also benefited by $42.5 million from the impact of foreign currency translation.
•the increase in africa property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $147.8 million due to an increase in costs associated with pass-through revenue, including fuel costs. direct expenses also benefited by $48.8 million from the impact of foreign currency translation.
•the increase in europe property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $153.8 million, primarily due to the telxius acquisition. direct expenses also benefited by $28.2 million from the impact of foreign currency translation.
•the increase in latin america property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in revenue described above, partially offset by an increase in direct expenses of $70.0 million, primarily due to higher ground rent costs, including as a result of the telxius acquisition. direct expenses also benefited by $1.6 million from the impact of foreign currency translation.
•the increase in data centers segment gross margin was attributable to data centers acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021, including through the coresite acquisition.
•the decrease in services segment gross margin was primarily due to the decrease in revenue described above and an increase in direct expenses of $10.7 million, primarily attributable to construction management services.
selling, general, administrative and development expense ("sg&a")
year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
services                                                                  22.3                            16.2                                                        38
total selling, general, administrative and development expense          $972.3                          $811.6                                                        20   %
•the increases in our u.s. & canada and europe property segment sg&a and services segment sg&a were primarily driven by increased personnel costs to support our business, including as a result of the telxius acquisition in europe.
•the decrease in our asia-pacific property segment sg&a was primarily driven by decreased personnel costs, partially offset by a net increase in bad debt expense of $4.2 million. for the year ended december 31, 2022, the impact of the vil shortfall is reflected in revenue reserves as described above.
•the increase in our africa property segment sg&a was primarily driven by increased personnel costs to support our business and higher canceled construction costs.
•the increase in our latin america property segment sg&a was primarily driven by increased personnel costs to support our business, including as a result of the telxius acquisition, partially offset by a decrease in bad debt expense of $11.0 million.
•the increase in our data centers segment sg&a was attributable to data centers acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021, including through the coresite acquisition.
•the increase in other sg&a was primarily attributable to an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $49.8 million, including expense associated with certain equity awards related to the coresite acquisition, and an increase in corporate sg&a, including an increase in personnel costs to support our business.
operating profit year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
services                      111.4                             134.4                                                        (17)   %
•the increases in operating profit for our u.s. & canada, africa, europe and latin america property segments were primarily attributable to increases in our segment gross margin, partially offset by increases in our segment sg&a.
•the decrease in operating profit for our asia-pacific property segment was primarily attributable to a decrease in our segment gross margin, which was impacted by the vil shortfall, partially offset by a decrease in our segment sg&a.
•the increase in operating profit for our data centers segment was attributable to data centers acquired in the fourth quarter of 2021, including through the coresite acquisition.
•the decrease in operating profit for our services segment was primarily attributable to a decrease in our segment gross margin and an increase in our segment sg&a.
depreciation, amortization and accretion year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
the increase in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to the acquisition, lease or construction of new sites since the beginning of the prior-year period, including due to the telxius acquisition and the coresite acquisition, which resulted in increases in property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization, partially offset by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
other operating expenses year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
other operating expenses            $767.6                          $398.7                                            93             %
the increase in other operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to an increase in impairment charges of $482.2 million, partially offset by a decrease in integration and acquisition related costs, including pre-acquisition contingencies and settlements, of $122.9 million. for the year ended december 31, 2022, impairment charges included $97.0 million related to tower and network location intangible assets and $411.6 million related to tenant-related intangible assets in our asia-pacific property segment related to vil in india. for more information on these impairments, see the information under the caption "india impairments" included in note 16 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. the year ended december 31, 2021 included acquisition and merger related costs associated with the telxius acquisition and the coresite acquisition.
total other expense year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
total other expense consists primarily of interest expense and realized and unrealized foreign currency gains and losses. we record unrealized foreign currency gains or losses as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations primarily associated with our intercompany notes and similar unaffiliated balances denominated in a currency other than the subsidiaries' functional currencies.
the increase in total other expense during the year ended december 31, 2022 was due to an increase in net interest expense of $234.4 million, primarily due to increases in our weighted average interest rate and our average debt outstanding, and a decrease in foreign currency gains of $108.5 million, partially offset by a decrease in loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $37.8 million, primarily attributable to the repayment of all amounts outstanding under the securitizations assumed in connection with the insite acquisition (the "insite debt") and repayment of our 4.70% senior unsecured notes due 2022 (the "4.70% notes") in the prior-year period.
income tax provision year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
as a reit, we may deduct earnings distributed to stockholders against the income generated by our reit operations. consequently, the effective tax rate on income from continuing operations for each of the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 differs from the federal statutory rate.
the decrease in the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to a reduction in taxable income due to impairment charges in india and the release of valuation allowances in certain jurisdictions. the decrease in the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2022 included the reversal of valuation allowances of $76.5 million in certain jurisdictions, as compared to a reversal of $26.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. these valuation allowance reversals were recognized as a reduction to the income tax provision as the net related deferred tax assets were deemed realizable based on changes in facts and circumstances relevant to the assets' recoverability.
net income / adjusted ebitda and net income / nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders / consolidated affo / affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders year ended december 31,         percent change 2022 vs 2021
loss on retirement of long-term obligations                            0.4                          38.2                                                          (99)
other operating expenses                                             767.6                         398.7                                                            93
year ended december 31,   percent change 2022 vs 2021
losses from sale or disposal of real estate and real estate related impairment charges (1)                                 684.3                             197.7                                                         246
adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interests                                                   (188.2)                           (102.9)                                                          83
deferred portion of income tax and other income tax adjustments                                                          (298.3)                              36.6                                                       (915)
amortization of deferred financing costs, debt discounts and premiums and long-term deferred interest charges               47.5                              40.1                                                          18
loss on retirement of long-term obligations                                                                                  0.4                              38.2                                                        (99)
other operating expenses (5)                                                                                                83.3                             201.0                                                        (59)
capital improvement capital expenditures                                                                                 (176.2)                           (170.4)                                                           3
corporate capital expenditures                                                                                             (9.4)                             (8.0)                                                          18
adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interests                                                     188.2                             102.9                                                          83
adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interests (6)                                               (168.2)                            (96.8)                                                          74   %
(1)    included in these amounts are impairment charges of $655.9 million and $173.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
(2)    for the year ended december 31, 2022, includes $16.7 million of distributions related to the outstanding stonepeak mandatorily convertible preferred equity and dividends of $5.5 million paid to pggm.
(3)    in 2015, we incurred charges in connection with certain tax elections wherein mip tower holdings llc, parent company to global tower partners ("gtp"), would no longer operate as a separate reit for federal and state income tax purposes. we finalized a settlement related to this tax election during the year ended december 31, 2022. we believe that these related transactions are nonrecurring, and do not believe it is an indication of our operating performance. accordingly, we believe it is more meaningful to present consolidated affo excluding these amounts.
(4)    includes gains on foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations of $449.4 million and $557.9 million, respectively.
(6)    includes adjustments for the impact on both nareit ffo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders as well as the other line items included in the calculation of consolidated affo.
the decrease in net income was primarily due to (i) an increase in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense, (ii) an increase in other operating expense, including an increase in impairment charges of $482.2 million, (iii) an increase in interest expense and (iv) a decrease in gains on foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, partially offset by (a) an increase in our operating profit and (b) a decrease in the income tax provision. net income for the year ended december 31, 2021 included a loss on retirement of long-term obligations of $25.7 million, attributable to the repayment of the insite debt and the 4.70% notes.
the increase in adjusted ebitda was primarily attributable to an increase in our gross margin and was partially offset by an increase in sg&a, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense, of $110.9 million.
the increases in consolidated affo and affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders was primarily attributable to the increase in our operating profit, excluding the impact of straight-line accounting, partially offset by (i) increases in cash paid for taxes and cash paid for interest, (ii) an increase in dividends to noncontrolling interests, including $16.7 million of distributions payable related to the outstanding stonepeak mandatorily convertible preferred equity, and (iii) an increase in capital improvement capital expenditures. the growth in affo attributable to american tower corporation common stockholders was also impacted by changes in noncontrolling interests held in data centers, europe and asia-pacific since the beginning of the prior-year period.
liquidity and capital resources for a discussion of our 2021 liquidity and capital resources, including a discussion of cash flows for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021 compared to the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, refer to part i, item 7 of the 2021 form 10-k.
overview during the year ended december 31, 2022, we increased our financial flexibility and our ability to grow our business while maintaining our long-term financial policies. our significant 2022 financing transactions included:
•repayment of debt assumed in connection with the coresite acquisition, including senior unsecured notes previously entered into by coresite (the "coresite debt").
•redemption of our 2.250% senior unsecured notes due 2022 (the "2.250% notes") upon their maturity.
•registered public offering in an aggregate amount of $1.3 billion of senior unsecured notes with maturities in 2027 and 2032.
•registered public offering of 9,185,000 shares of our common stock for aggregate net proceeds of $2.3 billion.
•the stonepeak transaction (as defined and further discussed below) pursuant to which we received an aggregate amount of approximately $3.1 billion.
•repayment of all amounts outstanding under the 2021 usd 364-day delayed draw term loan (as defined below).
the following table summarizes our liquidity as of december 31, 2022 (in millions):
available under the 2021 multicurrency credit facility            $2,211.3
available under the 2021 credit facility                           2,920.0
letters of credit                                                   (34.4)
total available under credit facilities, net                       5,096.9
subsequent to december 31, 2022, we made additional net borrowings of $895.0 million under the 2021 credit facility (as defined below) and $655.0 million under the 2021 multicurrency credit facility (as defined below). the borrowings were used to repay existing indebtedness and for general corporate purposes.
summary cash flow information is set forth below for the years ended december 31, (in millions):
operating activities                                                                                                 $3,696.2                    $4,819.9
net effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash            (120.4)                      (70.3)
we use our cash flows to fund our operations and investments in our business, including maintenance and improvements, communications site construction, managed network installations and acquisitions. additionally, we use our cash flows to make distributions, including distributions of our reit taxable income to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit under the code. we may also repay or repurchase our existing indebtedness or equity from time to time. we typically fund our international expansion efforts primarily through a combination of cash on hand, intercompany debt and equity contributions.
in july 2022, in connection with the funding of the coresite acquisition, we entered into an agreement pursuant to which certain investment vehicles affiliated with stonepeak acquired a noncontrolling ownership interest in our u.s. data center business. the transaction was completed in august 2022 for total aggregate consideration of $2.5 billion, through an investment in common equity and mandatorily convertible preferred equity.
in october 2022, we entered into an agreement with stonepeak for stonepeak to acquire additional common equity and mandatorily preferred equity interests in our u.s. data center business for total aggregate consideration of $570.0 million. the transaction was completed in october 2022. we expect to pay distributions related to the outstanding common equity and mandatorily convertible preferred equity.
as of december 31, 2022, we hold a common equity interest of approximately 72% in our u.s. data center business, with stonepeak holding approximately 28% of the outstanding common equity and 100% of the outstanding mandatorily convertible preferred equity. on a fully converted basis, which is expected to occur four years from the date of the initial closing in august 2022, and on the basis of the currently outstanding equity, we will hold a controlling ownership interest of approximately 64%, with stonepeak holding approximately 36%. the mandatorily convertible preferred equity, which accrues dividends at 5.0%, will convert into common equity on a one for one basis, subject to adjustment that will be measured on the conversion date.
as of december 31, 2022, we had total outstanding indebtedness of $38.9 billion, with a current portion of $4.5 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we generated sufficient cash flow from operations, together with borrowings under our credit facilities, proceeds from our equity and debt issuances and cash on hand, to fund our acquisitions, capital expenditures and debt service obligations, as well as our required distributions. we believe the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending december 31, 2023, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations (interest and principal repayments) and signed acquisitions.
as of december 31, 2022, we had $1.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2022, we had $244.6 million of cash and cash equivalents held by our joint ventures, of which $223.7 million was held by our foreign joint ventures. while certain subsidiaries may pay us interest or principal on intercompany debt, it has not been our practice to repatriate earnings from our foreign subsidiaries primarily due to our ongoing expansion efforts and related capital needs. however, in the event that we do repatriate any funds, we may be required to accrue and pay certain taxes.
cash flows from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2022, cash provided by operating activities decreased $1,123.7 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021. the primary factors that impacted cash provided by operating activities as compared to the year ended december 31, 2021, include:
•a decrease in unearned revenue due to advance payments from a customer during the year ended december 31, 2021;
•an increase in cash required for working capital, primarily as a result of an increase in prepaid and other assets and a decrease in accounts payable;
•an increase of approximately $297.4 million in cash paid for interest; and
•an increase of approximately $97.1 million in cash paid for taxes.
•we spent $1.9 billion for capital expenditures, as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                               $865.8
capital improvements and corporate expenditures (3)               185.6
redevelopment                                                     398.2
start-up capital projects                                         257.2
total capital expenditures (4)                                 $1,902.5
(1)includes the construction of 6,890 communications sites globally and approximately $330 million of spend related to data center assets.
(2)includes $36.7 million of perpetual land easement payments reported in deferred financing costs and other financing activities in the cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
(3)includes $6.7 million of finance lease payments reported in repayments of notes payable, credit facilities, term loans, senior notes, secured debt and finance leases in the cash flows from financing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
(4)net of purchase credits of $14.5 million on certain assets, which are reported in investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
we plan to continue to allocate our available capital, after satisfying our distribution requirements, among investment alternatives that meet our return on investment criteria, while maintaining our commitment to our long-term financial policies. accordingly, we expect to continue to deploy capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site and data center facility construction, and through acquisitions. we also regularly review our portfolios as to capital expenditures required to upgrade our infrastructure to our structural standards or address capacity, structural or permitting issues.
we expect that our 2023 total capital expenditures will be as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                         $785   to            $815
capital improvements and corporate expenditures             175   to             185
redevelopment                                               485   to             515
start-up capital projects                                   120   to             140
total capital expenditures                               $1,650   to          $1,760
(1)    includes the construction of approximately 3,450 to 4,550 communications sites globally and approximately $360 million of anticipated spend related to data center assets.
proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net                       $1,293.6                          $6,761.6
proceeds from issuance of common stock, net                        2,291.7                           2,361.8
(repayments of) proceeds from credit facilities, net               (860.0)                           3,691.8
repayments of term loans                                         (3,000.0)                         (2,529.8)
repayments of securitized debt (1)                                       -                           (763.5)
repayments of senior notes (2)                                   (1,555.1)                           (700.0)
purchases of redeemable noncontrolling interests (5)                     -                           (175.7)
purchases of common stock                                           (18.8)                                 -
(1)during the year ended december 31, 2021, we repaid all amounts outstanding under the insite debt.
(2)includes the coresite debt, which, as of december 31, 2021, included $875.0 million aggregate principal amount and a fair value adjustment of $80.1 million. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we repaid all amounts outstanding under the coresite debt.
(3)for the year ended december 31, 2022, includes approximately $3.1 billion of contributions received from stonepeak in connection with the stonepeak transaction. for the year ended december 31, 2021, includes $3.1 billion of contributions received from caisse de dépôt et placement du québec ("cdpq") and allianz insurance companies and funds managed by allianz capital partners gmbh, including the allianz european infrastructure fund (collectively, "allianz"), for cdpq and allianz to acquire noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries whose holdings consist of our operations in france, germany, poland and spain (such subsidiaries collectively, "atc europe") (the "atc europe transactions").
(4)for the year ended december 31, 2021, includes $214.9 million of cash consideration paid to pggm in connection with the reorganization of our subsidiaries in europe.
(5)for the year ended december 31, 2021, includes the redemption of our minority interest in atc tipl for total consideration of inr 12.9 billion (approximately $173.2 million at the date of redemption). during the year ended december 31, 2021 we also liquidated our interests in a company held in france for total consideration of 2.2 million eur (approximately $2.5 million at the date of redemption).
senior notes repayments of senior notes repayment of 2.250% senior notes-on january 14, 2022, we repaid $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.250% senior unsecured notes due 2022 (the "2.250% notes") upon their maturity. the 2.250% notes were repaid using borrowings under the 2021 credit facility. upon completion of the repayment, none of the 2.250% notes remained outstanding.
repayment of 3.50% senior notes-on january 31, 2023, we repaid $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of our 3.50% senior unsecured notes due 2023 (the "3.50% notes") upon their maturity. the 3.50% notes were repaid using borrowings under the 2021 credit facility. upon completion of the repayment, none of the 3.50% notes remained outstanding.
offering of senior notes
3.650% senior notes and 4.050% senior notes offering-on april 1, 2022, we completed a registered public offering of $650.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.650% senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the "3.650% notes") and $650.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.050% senior unsecured notes due 2032 (the "4.050% notes" and, together with the 3.650% notes, the "notes"). the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1,282.6 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2021 multicurrency credit facility, the 2021 credit facility and the 2021 usd 364-day delayed draw term loan.
the key terms of the notes are as follows:
(1)accrued and unpaid interest on u.s. dollar ("usd") denominated notes is payable in usd semi-annually in arrears and will be computed from the issue date on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months.
(2)we may redeem the notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued interest to the redemption date. if we redeem the notes on or after the par call date, we will not be required to pay a make-whole premium.
if we undergo a change of control and corresponding ratings decline, each as defined in the supplemental indenture for the notes, we may be required to repurchase all of the notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any), up to but not including the repurchase date. the notes rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured debt and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of our subsidiaries.
the supplemental indenture contains certain covenants that restrict our ability to merge, consolidate or sell assets and our (together with our subsidiaries') ability to incur liens. these covenants are subject to a number of exceptions, including that we and our subsidiaries may incur certain liens on assets, mortgages or other liens securing indebtedness if the aggregate amount of indebtedness secured by such liens does not exceed 3.5x adjusted ebitda, as defined in the supplemental indenture.
repayment of coresite debt-on january 7, 2022, we repaid the entire amount outstanding under the coresite debt, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, january 7, 2022, for an aggregate redemption price of $962.9 million, including $80.1 million of prepayment consideration and $7.8 million in accrued and unpaid interest. the repayment of the coresite debt was funded with borrowings under the 2021 multicurrency credit facility and cash on hand.
2021 multicurrency credit facility-as of december 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow up to $6.0 billion under our $6.0 billion senior unsecured multicurrency revolving credit facility, as amended and restated in december 2021 (the "2021 multicurrency credit facility"), which includes a $3.5 billion sublimit for multicurrency borrowings, a $200.0 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $50.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we borrowed an aggregate of $850.0 million and repaid an aggregate of $1.4 billion of revolving indebtedness under the 2021 multicurrency credit facility. we used the borrowings to repay outstanding indebtedness, including the coresite debt, and for general corporate purposes.
2021 credit facility-as of december 31, 2022, we had the ability to borrow up to $4.0 billion under our $4.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility, as amended and restated in december 2021 (the "2021 credit facility"), which includes a $2.5 billion sublimit for multicurrency borrowings, $200.0 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $50.0 million sublimit for swingline loans. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we borrowed an aggregate of $3.3 billion and repaid an aggregate of $3.7 billion of revolving indebtedness under the 2021 credit facility. we used the borrowings to repay outstanding indebtedness, including the 2.250% notes, and for general corporate purposes.
repayments under the 2021 usd 364-day delayed draw term loan-on april 6, 2022, we repaid $100.0 million of indebtedness under our $3.0 billion unsecured term loan entered into in december 2021 (the "2021 usd 364-day delayed draw term loan") using proceeds from the issuance of the 3.650% notes and the 4.050% notes and cash on hand. on june 10, 2022, we repaid $2.3 billion of indebtedness under the 2021 usd 364-day delayed draw term loan using proceeds from the june 2022 common stock offering (as further discussed in note 14) and cash on hand. on august 11, 2022, we repaid all remaining amounts outstanding under the 2021 usd 364-day delayed draw term loan using proceeds from the initial closing of the stonepeak transaction.
as of december 31, 2022, the key terms under the 2021 multicurrency credit facility, the 2021 credit facility, our $1.0 billion unsecured term loan, as amended and restated in december 2021 (the "2021 term loan"), our 825.0 million eur unsecured term loan, as amended in december 2021 (the "2021 eur three year delayed draw term loan") and our $1.5 billion unsecured term loan entered into in december 2021 (the "2021 usd two year delayed draw term loan") were as follows:
(1)represents interest rate above libor for libor based borrowings, interest rate above euro interbank offer rate ("euribor") for euribor based borrowings and interest rate above the defined base rate for base rate borrowings, in each case based on our debt ratings.
we must pay a quarterly commitment fee on the undrawn portion of each of the 2021 multicurrency credit facility and the 2021 credit facility. the commitment fee for the 2021 multicurrency credit facility and the 2021 credit facility ranges from 0.080% to 0.300% per annum, based upon our debt ratings, and is currently 0.110%.
the 2021 multicurrency credit facility, the 2021 credit facility, the 2021 term loan, the 2021 eur three year delayed draw term loan and the 2021 usd two year delayed draw term loan do not require amortization of principal and may be paid prior to maturity in whole or in part at our option without penalty or premium. we have the option of choosing either a defined base rate, libor or euribor as the applicable base rate for borrowings under these bank facilities.
the loan agreements for each of the 2021 multicurrency credit facility, the 2021 credit facility, the 2021 term loan, the 2021 eur three year delayed draw term loan and the 2021 usd two year delayed draw term loan contain certain reporting, information, financial and operating covenants and other restrictions (including limitations on additional debt, guaranties, sales of assets and liens) with which we must comply. failure to comply with the financial and operating covenants of the loan agreements could not only prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under the revolving credit facilities, but may constitute a default, which could result in, among other things, the amounts outstanding under the applicable agreement, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable.
nigeria letters of credit-during the year ended december 31, 2022, we drew on letters of credit in nigeria (the "nigeria letters of credit"). the drawn amounts bear interest at a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate at the time of drawing plus a spread. amounts are due 270 days from the date of drawing. as of december 31, 2022, we had $16.2 million outstanding under the drawn nigeria letters of credit.
india indebtedness india working capital facilities-the india indebtedness includes several working capital facilities, most of which are subject to annual renewal. the working capital facilities bear interest at rates that consist of the applicable bank's marginal cost of funds based lending rate or market benchmark (as defined in the applicable agreement), plus a spread. generally, the working capital facilities are payable on demand prior to maturity. as of december 31, 2022, we have not borrowed under these facilities.
amounts outstanding and key terms of the india indebtedness consisted of the following as of december 31, 2022 (in millions, except percentages):
working capital facilities (1)         -                                $-                               8.03% - 8.80%                 february 4, 2023 - october 22, 2023
(1)    7.9 billion inr ($95.6 million) of borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2022. we have 0.2 billion inr (approximately $2.6 million) of of bank guarantees outstanding included within the overall borrowing capacity.
india term loan-on february 16, 2023, we entered into a 12.0 billion inr (approximately $145.1 million at the date of signing) unsecured term loan with a maturity date that is one year from the date of the first draw thereunder (the "india term loan"). on february 17, 2023, we borrowed 10.0 billion inr (approximately $120.7 million at the date of borrowing) under the india term loan. the india term loan bears interest at the three month treasury bill rate as announced by the financial benchmarks india private limited at the time of borrowing plus a margin of 1.95%. any outstanding principal and accrued but unpaid interest will be due and payable in full at maturity. the india term loan does not require amortization of principal and may be paid prior to maturity in whole or in part at our option without penalty or premium.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we repurchased 90,042 shares of our common stock under the 2011 buyback for an aggregate of $18.8 million, including commissions and fees. we had no repurchases under the 2017 buyback.
under each program, we are authorized to purchase shares from time to time through open market purchases or in privately negotiated transactions not to exceed market prices and subject to market conditions and other factors. with respect to open market purchases, we may use plans adopted in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act in accordance with securities laws and other legal requirements, which allows us to repurchase shares during periods when we may otherwise be prevented from doing so under insider trading laws or because of self-imposed trading blackout periods. these programs may be discontinued at any time.
we have repurchased a total of 14.5 million shares of our common stock under the 2011 buyback for an aggregate of $1.5 billion, including commissions and fees. we expect to continue managing the pacing of the remaining approximately $2.0 billion under the buyback programs in response to general market conditions and other relevant factors. we expect to fund any further repurchases of our common stock through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. repurchases under the buyback programs are subject to, among other things, us having available cash to fund the repurchases.
sales of equity securities-we receive proceeds from sales of our equity securities pursuant to our employee stock purchase plan (the "espp") and upon exercise of stock options granted under our equity incentive plan, as amended (the "2007 plan"). during the year ended december 31, 2022, we received an aggregate of $32.4 million in proceeds upon exercises of stock options and sales pursuant to the espp.
2020 "at the market" stock offering program-in august 2020, we established an "at the market" stock offering program through which we may issue and sell shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to $1.0 billion (the "2020 atm program"). sales under the 2020 atm program may be made by means of ordinary brokers' transactions on the new york stock exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or, subject to our specific instructions, at negotiated prices. we intend to use the net proceeds from any issuances under the 2020 atm program for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, the funding of acquisitions, additions to working capital and repayment or refinancing of existing indebtedness. as of december 31, 2022, we have not sold any shares of common stock under the 2020 atm program.
common stock offering-on june 7, 2022, we completed a registered public offering of 9,185,000 shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, (which includes the full exercise of the underwriters' over-allotment option) at $256.00 per share. aggregate net proceeds from this offering were approximately $2.3 billion after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated offering expenses. we used the net proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2021 usd 364-day delayed draw term loan.
future financing transactions-we regularly consider various options to access the capital markets, subject to market conditions, to meet our funding needs. such capital raising alternatives, in addition to those noted above including the 2020 atm program, may include additional senior note offerings and securitization transactions. no assurance can be given as to whether any such financing transactions will be completed or as to the timing or terms thereof.
distributions-as a reit, we must annually distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). generally, we have distributed, and expect to continue to distribute, all or substantially all of our reit taxable income after taking into consideration our utilization of nols. we have distributed an aggregate of approximately $14.5 billion to our common stockholders, including the dividend paid in february 2023, primarily classified as ordinary income that may be treated as qualified reit dividends under section 199a of the code for taxable years ending before 2026.
the amount, timing and frequency of future distributions will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will depend on various factors, a number of which may be beyond our control, including our financial condition and operating cash flows, the amount required to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit and reduce any income and excise taxes that we otherwise would be required to pay, limitations on distributions in our existing and future debt and preferred equity instruments, our ability to utilize nols to offset our distribution requirements, limitations on our ability to fund distributions using cash generated through our trss and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, we paid $5.69 per share, or $2.6 billion, to common stockholders of record. in addition, we declared a distribution of $1.56 per share, or $726.3 million, paid on february 2, 2023 to our common stockholders of record at the close of business on december 28, 2022.
we accrue distributions on unvested restricted stock units, which are payable upon vesting. the amount accrued for distributions payable related to unvested restricted stock units was $17.0 million and $12.8 million as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2022, we paid $6.9 million of distributions upon the vesting of restricted stock units.
for more details on the cash distributions paid to our common stockholders during the year ended december 31, 2022, see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
material cash requirements-the following table summarizes material cash requirements from known contractual and other obligations as of december 31, 2022 (in millions):
operating lease obligations (2)                     1,165.6                   1,064.6                   1,007.4                        947.9                        886.6          6,319.8            11,391.9
(1)    includes aggregate principal maturities of long-term debt, including finance lease obligations (see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report).
(2)    includes payments under non-cancellable initial terms, as well as payments for certain renewal periods at our option, which we expect to renew because failure to do so could result in a loss of the applicable communications sites and related revenues from tenant leases (see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report).
distributions-we expect that our 2023 total distributions declared to our common stockholders will be $3.0 billion. the amount, timing and frequency of future distributions will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors.
asset retirement obligations-we are required to remove our assets and remediate the leased sites upon which certain of our assets are located. as of december 31, 2022, the estimated undiscounted future cash outlay for asset retirement obligations was $4.2 billion.
factors affecting sources of liquidity our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. we believe that the debt agreements discussed below represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, our compliance with which would be material to an investor's understanding of our financial results and the impact of those results on our liquidity.
internally generated funds-because the majority of our customer leases are multiyear contracts, a significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations as of the end of 2022 is recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. accordingly, a key factor affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is to maintain this recurring revenue and to convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies. in addition, our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications infrastructure and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications infrastructure.
restrictions under loan agreements relating to our credit facilities-the loan agreements for the 2021 multicurrency credit facility, the 2021 credit facility, the 2021 term loan, the 2021 eur three year delayed draw term loan and the 2021 usd two year delayed draw term loan contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. these restrictions include limitations on additional debt, distributions and dividends, guaranties, sales of assets and liens. the loan agreements also contain covenants that establish financial tests with which we and our restricted subsidiaries must comply related to total leverage and senior secured leverage, as set forth in the table below. as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with each of these covenants.
ratio (1)                                    additional debt capacity under covenants (2)                            capacity for adjusted ebitda decrease under covenants (3)
(1)    each component of the ratio as defined in the applicable loan agreement.
(2)    assumes no change to adjusted ebitda.
(3)    assumes no change to our debt levels.
(4)    effectively, however, additional senior secured debt under this ratio would be limited to the capacity under the consolidated total leverage ratio.
under the terms of the agreements for the 2021 multicurrency credit facility, the 2021 credit facility, the 2021 term loan, the 2021 eur three year delayed draw term loan and the 2021 usd two year delayed draw term loan, the telxius acquisition and the coresite acquisition were designated as a qualified acquisitions, whereby our total debt to adjusted ebitda ratio was adjusted to not exceed 7.50 to 1.00 for four full fiscal quarters following consummation of such acquisitions, which lasted until the quarter ended december 31, 2022. subsequent to december 31, 2022, our total debt to adjusted ebitda ratio stepped back down to not exceed 6.00 to 1.00. the loan agreements for our credit facilities also contain reporting and information covenants that require us to provide financial and operating information to the lenders within certain time periods. if we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants.
failure to comply with the financial maintenance tests and certain other covenants of the loan agreements for our credit facilities could not only prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under these credit facilities, but may also constitute a default under these credit facilities, which could result in, among other things, the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable. if this were to occur, we may not have sufficient cash on hand to repay such indebtedness. the key factors affecting our ability to comply with the debt covenants described above are our financial performance relative to the financial maintenance tests defined in the loan agreements for these credit facilities and our ability to fund our debt service obligations. based upon our current expectations, we believe our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with these covenants.
restrictions under agreements relating to the 2015 securitization and the trust securitizations-the indenture and related supplemental indenture governing the american tower secured revenue notes, series 2015-2, class a (the "series 2015-2 notes") issued by gtp acquisition partners i, llc ("gtp acquisition partners") in the 2015 securitization and the loan agreement related to the trust securitizations include certain financial ratios and operating covenants and other restrictions customary for transactions subject to rated securitizations. among other things, gtp acquisition partners and american tower asset sub, llc and american tower asset sub ii, llc (together, the "amt asset subs") are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets, subject to customary carve-outs for ordinary course trade payables and permitted encumbrances (as defined in the applicable agreements).
under the agreements, amounts due will be paid from the cash flows generated by the assets securing the series 2015-2 notes or the assets securing the nonrecourse loan that secures the secured tower revenue securities, series 2013-2a (the "series 2013-2a securities"), secured tower revenue securities, series 2018-1, subclass a (the "series 2018-1a securities"), and the secured tower revenue securities, series 2018-1, subclass r (the "series 2018-1r securities" and, together with the series 2018-1a securities, the "2018 securities") issued in the trust securitizations (the "loan"), as applicable, which must be deposited into certain reserve accounts, and thereafter distributed, solely pursuant to the terms of the applicable agreement. on a monthly basis, after payment of all required amounts under the applicable agreement, subject to the conditions described in the table below, the excess cash flows generated from the operation of such assets are released to gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs, as applicable, which can then be distributed to, and used by, us. as of december 31, 2022, $78.4 million held in such reserve accounts was classified as restricted cash.
certain information with respect to the 2015 securitization and the trust securitizations is set forth below. the debt service coverage ratio ("dscr") is generally calculated as the ratio of the net cash flow (as defined in the applicable agreement) to the amount of interest, servicing fees and trustee fees required to be paid over the succeeding 12 months on the principal amount of the series 2015-2 notes or the loan, as applicable, that will be outstanding on the payment date following such date of determination.
issuer or borrower               notes/securities issued                                                                                                                                                                               conditions limiting distributions of excess cash       excess cash distributed during year ended december 31, 2022              dscr as of         capacity for decrease in net cash flow before triggering cash trap dscr (1)   capacity for decrease in net cash flow before triggering minimum dscr (1)
trust securitizations         amt asset subs                   secured tower revenue securities, series 2013-2a, secured tower revenue securities, series 2018-1, subclass a and secured tower revenue securities, series 2018-1, subclass r             1.30x, tested quarterly (2)                           (3)(5)                                                            $598.1                  10.20x                                                                              $531.7   $540.7
(1)    based on the net cash flow of the applicable issuer or borrower as of december 31, 2022 and the expenses payable over the next 12 months on the series 2015-2 notes or the loan, as applicable.
(2)    once triggered, a cash trap dscr condition continues to exist until the dscr exceeds the cash trap dscr for two consecutive calendar quarters. during a cash trap dscr condition, all cash flow in excess of amounts required to make debt service payments, fund required reserves, pay management fees and budgeted operating expenses and make other payments required under the applicable transaction documents, referred to as excess cash flow, will be deposited into a reserve account (the "cash trap reserve account") instead of being released to the applicable issuer or borrower.
(3)    an amortization period commences if the dscr is equal to or below 1.15x (the "minimum dscr") at the end of any calendar quarter and continues to exist until the dscr exceeds the minimum dscr for two consecutive calendar quarters.
(4)    no amortization period is triggered if the outstanding principal amount of a series has not been repaid in full on the applicable anticipated repayment date. however, in such event, additional interest will accrue on the unpaid principal balance of the applicable series, and such series will begin to amortize on a monthly basis from excess cash flow.
a failure to meet the noted dscr tests could prevent gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs from distributing excess cash flow to us, which could affect our ability to fund our capital expenditures, including tower construction and acquisitions and to meet reit distribution requirements. during an "amortization period," all excess cash flow and any amounts then in the applicable cash trap reserve account would be applied to pay the principal of the series 2015-2 notes or the loan, as applicable, on each monthly payment date, and so would not be available for distribution to us. further, additional interest will begin to accrue with respect to the series 2015-2 notes or subclass of the loan from and after the anticipated repayment date at a per annum rate determined in accordance with the applicable agreement. with respect to the series 2015-2 notes, upon the occurrence of, and during, an event of default, the applicable trustee may, in its discretion or at the direction of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding principal of the series 2015-2 notes, declare the series 2015-2 notes immediately due and payable, in which case any excess cash flow would need to be used to pay holders of such notes.
furthermore, if gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs were to default on the series 2015-2 notes or the loan, the applicable trustee may seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of all or any portion of the 3,516 communications sites that secure the series 2015-2 notes or the 5,102 broadcast and wireless communications towers and related assets that secure the loan, respectively, in which case we could lose such sites and the revenue associated with those assets.
as discussed above, we use our available liquidity and seek new sources of liquidity to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, satisfy our distribution requirements and repay or repurchase our debt. if we determine that it is desirable or necessary to raise additional capital, we may be unable to do so, or such additional financing may be prohibitively expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. further, as further discussed under item 1a of this annual report under the caption "risk factors," extreme market volatility and disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic may impact our ability to raise additional capital through debt financing activities or our ability to repay or refinance maturing liabilities, or impact the terms of any new obligations. if we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be able to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, satisfy our reit distribution requirements and debt service obligations or refinance our existing indebtedness.
in addition, our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities. as set forth under item 1a of this annual report under the caption "risk factors," we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of customers and, consequently, a failure by a significant customer to perform its contractual obligations to us could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our policies and estimates on an ongoing basis. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we have reviewed our policies and estimates to determine our critical accounting policies for the year ended december 31, 2022. we have identified the following policies as critical to an understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. this is not a comprehensive list of our accounting policies. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a summary of our significant accounting policies. in many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by gaap, with no need for management's judgment in its application. there are also areas in which management's judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result.
•impairment of assets-assets subject to depreciation and amortization: we review long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events, changes in circumstances or other indicators or evidence indicate that the carrying amount of our assets may not be recoverable.
we review our tower portfolio, network location intangible and right-of-use assets for indicators of impairment at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, typically at an individual tower basis. possible indicators include a tower not having current tenant leases or having expenses in excess of revenues. a cash flow modeling approach is utilized to assess recoverability and incorporates, among other items, the tower location, the tower location demographics, the timing of additions of new tenants, lease rates and estimated length of tenancy and ongoing cash requirements.
we review our tenant-related intangible assets on a tenant by tenant basis for indicators of impairment, such as high levels of turnover or attrition, non-renewal of a significant number of contracts or the cancellation or termination of a relationship. we assess recoverability by determining whether the carrying amount of the tenant-related intangible assets will be recovered primarily through projected undiscounted future cash flows.
if the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of our long-lived assets is less than the carrying amount of the assets, an impairment loss may be recognized. key assumptions included in the undiscounted cash flows are future revenue projections, estimates of ongoing tenancies and operating margins. an impairment loss would be based on the fair value of the asset, which is based on an estimate of discounted future cash flows to be provided from the asset. we record any related impairment charge in the period in which we identify such impairment.
in october 2019, the supreme court of india issued a ruling regarding the definition of agr and associated fees and charges, which was reaffirmed in march 2020, and again in july 2021 with respect to the total charges, that may have a material financial impact on certain of our customers and could affect their ability to perform their obligations under agreements with us. in september 2020, the supreme court of india defined the expected timeline of ten years for payments owed under the ruling. in september 2021, the government of india approved a relief package that, among other things, included (i) a four year moratorium on the payment of agr fees owed and (ii) a change in the definition of agr on a prospective basis. in the third quarter of 2022, our largest customer in india, vil, communicated that it would make partial payments of its contractual amounts owed to us and indicated that it would continue to make partial payments for the remainder of 2022. in late 2022, vil had communicated its intent to resume payments in full under its contractual obligations owed to us beginning on january 1, 2023. however, in early 2023, vil communicated that it would not be able to resume payments in full of its contractual obligations owed to us, and that it would instead continue to make partial payments. as a result, we determined that certain fixed and intangible assets had been impaired during the year ended december 31, 2022. an impairment of $97.0 million was taken on tower and network location intangible assets in india. we also impaired the tenant-related intangible assets for vil, which resulted in an impairment of $411.6 million.
we will continue to monitor the status of these developments, as it is possible that the estimated future cash flows may differ from current estimates and changes in estimated cash flows from customers in india could have further negative effects on previously recorded tangible and intangible assets, including amounts originally recorded as tenant-related intangible assets, resulting in additional impairments. the carrying value of tenant-related intangible assets in india was $379.5 million as of december 31, 2022, which represents 3% of our consolidated balance of $13.1 billion. additionally, a significant reduction in customer-related cash flows in india could also impact our tower portfolio and network location intangible assets. the carrying values of our tower portfolio and network location intangible assets in india were $905.8 million and $266.7 million, respectively, as of december 31, 2022, which represent 10% and 8% of our consolidated balances of $8.8 billion and $3.5 billion, respectively.
•impairment of assets-goodwill: we review goodwill for impairment at least annually (as of december 31) or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. goodwill is recorded in the applicable segment and assessed for impairment at the reporting unit level. we employ a discounted cash flow analysis when testing goodwill. the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis include current operating performance, terminal revenue growth rate, management's expectations of future operating results and cash requirements, the current weighted average cost of capital and an expected tax rate. we compare the fair value of the reporting unit, as calculated under an income approach using future discounted cash flows, to the carrying amount of the applicable reporting unit. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount of the excess. the loss recognized is limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.
during the year ended december 31, 2022, no potential goodwill impairment was identified as the fair value of each of our reporting units was in excess of its carrying amount. the fair value of our india reporting unit, which is based on the present value of forecasted future value cash flows (the income approach), exceeded the carrying value by approximately 24%. key assumptions include future revenue growth rates and operating margins, capital expenditures, terminal period growth rate and the weighted-average cost of capital, which were determined considering historical data and current assumptions, including uncertainty with respect to amounts owed from vil (discussed above). for this reporting unit, we performed a sensitivity analysis on our significant assumptions and determined that a (i) 5% reduction of projected revenues, (ii) 229 basis point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital or (iii) 200% reduction in terminal revenue growth rate, individually, each of which we determined to be reasonable, would impact our conclusion that the fair value of the india reporting unit exceeds its carrying value. events that could negatively affect our india reporting unit's financial results include increased tenant attrition exceeding our forecast, additional vil payment shortfalls, carrier tenant bankruptcies and other factors set forth in item 1a of this annual report under the caption "risk factors."
•acquisitions: we evaluate each of our acquisitions under the accounting guidance framework to determine whether to treat an acquisition as an asset acquisition or a business combination. for those transactions treated as asset acquisitions, the purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired, with no recognition of goodwill. for those acquisitions that meet the definition of a business combination, we apply the acquisition method of accounting where assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value at the date of each acquisition, and the results of operations are included with our results from the dates of the respective acquisitions. any excess of the purchase price paid over the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. we continue to evaluate acquisitions accounted for as business combinations for a period not to exceed one year after the applicable acquisition date of each transaction to determine whether any additional adjustments are needed to the allocation of the purchase price paid for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is typically determined by using either estimates of replacement costs or discounted cash flow valuation methods. when determining the fair value of tangible assets acquired, we must estimate the cost to replace the asset with a new asset taking into consideration such factors as age, condition and the economic useful life of the asset. when determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired, we must estimate the applicable discount rate and the timing and amount of future tenant cash flows, including rate and terms of renewal and attrition.
•revenue recognition: our revenue is derived from leasing the right to use our communications sites, the land on which the sites are located and our data center facilities (the "lease component") and from the reimbursement of costs incurred in operating the communications sites and supporting the tenants' equipment as well as other services and contractual rights (the "non-lease component"). most of our revenue is derived from leasing arrangements and is accounted for as lease revenue unless the timing and pattern of revenue recognition of the non-lease component differs from the lease component. if the timing and pattern of the non-lease component revenue recognition differs from that of the lease component, we separately determine the stand-alone selling prices and pattern of revenue recognition for each performance obligation.
our revenue from leasing arrangements, including fixed escalation clauses present in non-cancellable lease arrangements, is reported on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective leases when collectibility is probable. escalation clauses tied to a consumer price index or other inflation-based indices, and other incentives present in lease agreements with our tenants, are excluded from the straight-line calculation. total property straight-line revenues for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $499.8 million, $465.6 million and $322.0 million, respectively. amounts billed upfront in connection with the execution of lease agreements are initially deferred and reflected in unearned revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and recognized as revenue over the terms of the applicable lease arrangements. amounts billed or received for services prior to being earned are deferred and reflected in unearned revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets until the criteria for recognition have been met.
we derive the largest portion of our revenues, corresponding trade receivables and the related deferred rent asset from a small number of tenants in the telecommunications industry, with 46% of our revenues derived from three tenants. in addition, we have concentrations of credit risk in certain geographic areas. we mitigate the concentrations of credit risk with respect to notes and trade receivables by actively monitoring the creditworthiness of our borrowers and tenants. in recognizing tenant revenue we assess the collectibility of both the amounts billed and the portion recognized on a straight-line basis. this assessment takes tenant credit risk and business and industry conditions into consideration to ultimately determine the collectibility of the amounts billed. to the extent the amounts, based on management's estimates, may not be collectible, recognition is deferred until such point as the uncertainty is resolved. any amounts that were previously recognized as revenue and are subsequently determined to present a risk of collection are reserved as bad debt expense. accounts receivable are reported net of allowances for doubtful accounts related to estimated losses resulting from a tenant's inability to make required payments and allowances for amounts invoiced whose collectibility is not reasonably assured.
•rent expense and lease accounting: many of the leases underlying our tower sites and data centers have fixed rent escalations, which provide for periodic increases in the amount of ground rent payable over time. in addition, certain of our tenant leases require us to exercise available renewal options pursuant to the underlying ground lease if the tenant exercises its renewal option. our calculation of the lease liability includes the term of the underlying ground lease plus all periods, if any, for which failure to renew the lease imposes an economic penalty to us such that renewal appears to be reasonably assured.
we recognize a right-of-use lease asset and lease liability for operating and finance leases. the right-of-use asset is measured as the sum of the lease liability, prepaid or accrued lease payments, any initial direct costs incurred and any other applicable amounts.
the calculation of the lease liability requires us to make certain assumptions for each lease, including lease term and discount rate implicit in each lease, which could significantly impact the gross lease obligation, the duration and the present value of the lease liability. when calculating the lease term, we consider the renewal, cancellation and termination rights available to us and the lessor. we determine the discount rate by calculating the incremental borrowing rate on a collateralized basis at the commencement of a lease or upon a change in the lease term.
•income taxes: accounting for income taxes requires us to estimate the timing and impact of amounts recorded in our financial statements that may be recognized differently for tax purposes. to the extent that the timing of amounts recognized for financial reporting purposes differs from the timing of recognition for tax reporting purposes, deferred tax assets or liabilities are required to be recorded. we measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. we do not expect to pay federal income taxes on our reit taxable income.
we periodically review our deferred tax assets, and we record a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. valuation allowances would be reversed as a reduction to the provision for income taxes, if related deferred tax assets are deemed realizable based on changes in facts and circumstances relevant to the assets' recoverability.
we recognize the benefit of uncertain tax positions when, in management's judgment, it is more likely than not that positions we have taken in our tax returns will be sustained upon examination, which are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. we adjust our tax liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information or information not previously available. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which additional information is available or the position is ultimately settled under audit.
accounting standards update for a discussion of recent accounting standards updates, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.