our success largely depends on the performance of our management team and other key employees. if we are unable to recruit, attract and retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key people, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected. successfully executing organizational change, including management transitions at leadership levels of the company and succession plans for senior management, is critical to our business success. while we follow a disciplined, ongoing succession planning process and have succession plans in place for senior management and other key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of qualified senior executives will continue to be available to us at particular moments in time. further, changes in immigration laws and government policies, including related to the covid-19 pandemic, have made, in certain circumstances, and may continue to make, it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate highly skilled technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. our ability to attract and retain talent has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, particularly in the united states, which has experienced and may continue to experience wage inflation, labor shortages and a shift toward a hybrid working model. in addition, we continue to work to advance culture change through the implementation of de&i initiatives throughout our organization. we continue to embed new ways of working throughout the organization to, among other things, instill a growth mindset to drive innovation with focus, empowerment, experimentation and digitization. if we do not (or are perceived not to) successfully implement these initiatives, our ability to recruit, attract and retain talent may be adversely impacted.
in addition, as a result of our global shared service organizational model, certain of our functions, such as finance and accounting, customer service and logistics, human resources, global information technology and data analytics are concentrated in key office facilities. a significant disruption to any of our key office facilities for any reason, including those mentioned above, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
on january 27, 2022, the board approved a targeted productivity program (the "2022 global productivity initiative"). the program is intended to reallocate resources toward our strategic priorities and faster growth businesses, drive efficiencies in our operations and streamline our supply chain to reduce structural costs. the successful implementation of the program may present organizational challenges and, in some cases, may require successful negotiations with third parties. as a result, we may not be able to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits from the 2022 global productivity initiative. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the anticipated benefits or our not realizing such benefits on our expected timetable. in addition, changes in foreign exchange rates or in tax, labor or immigration laws may result in our not achieving the anticipated cost savings as measured in u.s. dollars. if we are unable to fully realize the anticipated savings from the 2022 global productivity initiative, our ability to fund other initiatives and enhance profitability may be adversely affected. any failure to implement the 2022 global productivity initiative in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for additional information regarding the 2022 global productivity initiative, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - restructuring and related implementation charges."