item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks applicable to us. if any of the following risks actually occur, our business, operating results, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. the risks discussed below also include forward-looking statements, and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in these forward-looking statements. see "note regarding forward-looking statements" in this report.
risks related to information technology and security we are dependent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of interconnected computer systems, telecommunications, data centers and call centers, including technology and network systems managed by multiple third parties, which could result in our inability to prevent disruptions in our services.
our ability to provide reliable service to customers, cardholders and other network participants depends upon uninterrupted operation of our data centers and call centers as well as third-party labor and services providers. our business involves processing large numbers of transactions, the movement of large sums of money and the management of large amounts of data. we rely on the ability of our employees, contractors, suppliers, systems and processes to complete these transactions in a secure, uninterrupted and error-free manner.
our subsidiaries operate in various countries and country specific factors, such as power availability, telecommunications carrier redundancy, embargoes and regulation can adversely impact our information processing by or for our local subsidiaries.
we engage backup facilities for each of our processing centers for key systems and data. however, there could be material delays in fully activating backup facilities depending on the nature of the breakdown, security breach or catastrophic event (such as fire, explosion, flood, pandemic, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure or physical break-in). we have controls and documented measures to mitigate these risks but these mitigating controls might not reduce the duration, scope or severity of an outage in time to avoid adverse effects.
we may experience software defects, system errors, computer viruses and development delays, which could damage customer relationships, decrease our profitability and expose us to liability.
our business depends heavily on the reliability of proprietary and third-party processing systems. a system outage could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, including by damaging our reputation or exposing us to third-party liability. to successfully operate our business, we must be able to protect our processing and other systems from interruption, including from events that may be beyond our control. events that could cause system interruptions include fire, natural disaster, unauthorized entry, power loss, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, terrorist acts and war. although we have taken steps to protect against data loss and system failures, there is still risk that we may lose critical data or experience system failures.
our solutions are based on sophisticated software and computing systems that are constantly evolving. we often encounter delays and cost overruns in developing changes implemented to our systems. in addition, the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. defects in our software products and errors or delays in our processing of electronic transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation or exposure to liability claims. in addition, we rely on technologies supplied to us by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. although we attempt to limit our potential liability for warranty claims through disclaimers in our software documentation and limitation of liability provisions in our licenses and other agreements with our customers, we cannot assure that these measures will be successful in limiting our liability.
we may not be able to adequately protect our systems or the data we collect from continually evolving cybersecurity risks or other technological risks, which could subject us to liability and damage our reputation.
we electronically receive, process, store and transmit data and sensitive information about our customers and merchants, including bank account information, social security numbers, expense data, and credit card, debit card and checking account numbers. we endeavor to keep this information confidential; however, our websites, networks, information systems, services and technologies may be targeted for sabotage, disruption or misappropriation. the uninterrupted operation of our information systems and our ability to maintain the confidentiality of the customer and consumer information that resides on our systems are critical to the successful operation of our business. unauthorized access to our networks and computer systems could result in the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our service and operations.
other than a previously disclosed unauthorized access incident during the second quarter of 2018, we are not aware of any material breach of our or our associated third parties' computer systems, although we and others in our industry are regularly the subject of attempts by bad actors to gain unauthorized access to these computer systems and data or to obtain, change or destroy confidential data (including personal consumer information of individuals) through a variety of means.
because techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to our systems and the data we collect change frequently and may not be recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. an incident may not be detected until well after it occurs and the severity and potential impact may not be fully known for a substantial period of time after it has been discovered. our ability to address incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. threats to our systems and our associated third parties' systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. computer viruses can be distributed and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. in addition, denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to prevent disruption and misappropriation and to respond to such attacks, any inability to prevent security breaches could have a negative impact on our reputation, expose us to liability, decrease market acceptance of electronic transactions and cause our present and potential clients to choose another service provider.
in addition, the risk of cyber-attacks has increased in connection with the military conflict between russia and ukraine and the resulting geopolitical conflict. in light of those and other geopolitical events, nation-state actors or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyber-attacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain and other third-party service provider disruptions, or take other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may disrupt our business operations, result in data compromise, or both. nation-state actors have in the past carried out, and may in the future carry out, cyber-attacks to achieve their aims and goals, which may include espionage, information operations, monetary gain, ransomware, disruption, and destruction. in february 2022, the u.s. cybersecurity and infrastructure security agency issued a warning for american organizations noting the potential for russia's cyber-attacks on ukrainian government and critical infrastructure organizations to impact organizations both within and beyond the u.s., particularly in the wake of sanctions imposed by the u.s. and its allies. these circumstances increase the likelihood of cyber-attacks and/or security breaches.
we could also be subject to liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information, such as unauthorized marketing purposes and violation of data privacy laws. for example, we are subject to a variety of u.s. and international statutes, regulations, and rulings relevant to the direct email marketing and text-messaging industries. while we believe we are in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, if we were ever found to be in violation, our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. we cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy that we impose on our service providers who have access to customer and consumer data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of data. in addition, we have agreed in certain agreements to take certain protective measures to ensure the confidentiality of customer data. the costs of systems and procedures associated with such protective measures, as well as the cost of deploying additional personnel, training our employees and hiring outside experts, may increase and could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. any failure to adequately enforce or provide these protective measures could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation, governmental and card network intervention and fines, remediation costs, and with respect to misuse of personal information of our customers, lost revenue and reputational harm. while we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and such insurance may not be available for renewal on acceptable terms or at all, and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident.
in addition, under payment network rules, regulatory requirements, and related obligations, we may be responsible for the acts or failures to act of certain third parties, such as third-party service providers, vendors, partners and others, which we refer to collectively as associated participants. the failure of our associated participants to safeguard cardholder data and other information in accordance with such rules, requirements and obligations could result in significant fines and sanctions and could harm our reputation and deter existing and prospective customers from using our services. we cannot assure you that there are written agreements in place with every associated participant or that such written agreements will ensure the adequate safeguarding of such data or information or allow us to seek reimbursement from associated participants. any such unauthorized use or disclosure of data or information also could result in litigation that could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to develop and implement new technology, products and services, adapt our products and services to changes in technology, the marketplace requirements, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology, products and services are not successful, we could lose customers and partners.
the markets for our solutions are highly competitive and characterized by technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services and evolving industry standards. we must respond to the technological advances offered by our competitors and the requirements of regulators and our customers and partners, in order to maintain and improve upon our competitive position and fulfill contractual obligations. we may be unsuccessful in expanding our technological capabilities and developing, marketing, selling or encouraging adoption of new products and services that meet these changing demands, which could jeopardize our competitive position. similarly, if new technologies are developed that displace our traditional payment card as payment mechanisms for purchase transactions by businesses, we may be unsuccessful in adequately responding to customer practices and our transaction volume may decline. in addition, we regularly engage in significant efforts to upgrade our products, services and underlying technology, which may or may not be successful in achieving broad acceptance or their intended purposes.
the solutions we deliver are designed to process complex transactions and provide reports and other information on those transactions, all at high volumes and processing speeds. any failure to deliver an effective and secure product or service or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. we may rely on third parties to develop or co-develop our solutions or to incorporate our solutions into broader platforms for the commercial payments industry. we may not be able to enter into such relationships on attractive terms, or at all, and these relationships may not be successful. in addition, partners, some of whom may be our competitors or potential competitors, may choose to develop competing solutions on their own or with third parties.
risks related to our business and operations the extent to which the ongoing effects of the novel strain of the coronavirus (covid-19), the continuing spread of its variants and measures taken in response thereto impact our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict.
the novel strain of the coronavirus (covid-19) and its variants spread throughout the globe and negatively impacted the macroeconomic environment, significantly increasing economic uncertainty. the outbreak resulted in regulatory and other authorities periodically implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and business shutdowns, as well as uncertainty regarding the scope or enforceability of vaccine mandates in certain jurisdictions. these measures negatively impacted consumer and business spending and could continue to do so. in addition, these measures adversely impacted and may further impact our ability, or the cost and expense incurred by us, to attract, retain, and develop our workforce, or otherwise impact our operations and the operations or workforces of our customers, suppliers and business partners. whiles these measures have largely eased, they may return in the future with variants, which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the spread of the coronavirus previously caused us to modify our business practices (including employee travel, employee work locations, and cancellation of physical participation in meetings, events and conferences), and subject to variations in infection levels in various jurisdictions, we may take renewed or further actions as may be required by government authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers and business partners. while vaccines are currently being administered around the world, vaccine availability, the distribution of vaccines, efficacy to new strains of the virus and the public's willingness to get vaccinated or receive booster doses could limit their impact. we continue to manage the business as appropriate in order to preserve our financial flexibility during this challenging time. there is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by the virus or otherwise be satisfactory to government authorities.
in addition, any ongoing impact of covid-19 on macroeconomic conditions may impact the proper functioning of financial and capital markets, foreign currency exchange rates, inflation and increasing commodity prices, including fuel prices, interest rates and the ongoing impact of the pandemic on the global supply chain. even after the covid-19 global pandemic subsided, we may continue to experience adverse impacts to our business as a result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred or may occur in the future. the continued disruption of global financial markets as a result of the covid-19 global pandemic could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital in the future.
the extent to which the ongoing effects of covid-19 impacts our business, results of operations and financial condition will depend on numerous factors and future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the transmissibility and severity of new variants of the virus, the duration and spread of any outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact through vaccines or otherwise, and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions resume. in addition, we may continue to experience materially adverse impacts to our business as a result of the continued global economic impact from covid-19, including any recession that has occurred or may occur in the future.
there are no comparable recent events which may provide guidance as to the effect of the spread of the coronavirus and a global pandemic, and, as a result, the ultimate impact of the covid-19 outbreak or a similar health epidemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. we do not yet know the full extent of the impacts on our business, our operations or the global economy as a whole. however, the effects could have a material impact on our results of operations.
adverse effects on payment card transaction volume, including from unfavorable macroeconomic conditions, weather conditions, natural catastrophes or public health crises or from changes to business purchasing practices, could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
adverse macroeconomic conditions within the u.s. or internationally, including but not limited to recessions, inflation, rising interest rates, high unemployment, currency fluctuations, actual or anticipated large-scale defaults or failures, rising energy prices, or a slowdown of global trade, and reduced consumer, small business, government, and corporate spending, have a direct impact on the demand for fuel, business-related products and services, or payment card services in general. a substantial portion of our revenue is based on the volume of payment card transactions by our customers. accordingly, our operating results could be adversely impacted by such events or trends that negatively impact the demand for fuel, business-related products and services, or payment card services in general.
for example, our transaction volume is generally correlated with general economic conditions and levels of spending, particularly in the u.s., europe, latin america, russia, australia and new zealand, and the related amount of business activity in economies in which we operate. downturns in these economies are generally characterized by reduced commercial activity and, consequently, reduced purchasing of fuel and other business-related products and services by our customers. similarly, prolonged adverse weather events, travel bans due to medical quarantine (such as the recent responses to the covid-19 pandemic) or in response to natural catastrophes, especially those that impact regions in which we process a large number and amount of payment transactions, could adversely affect our transaction volumes. likewise, recent political, investor and industry focus on greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues may adversely affect the volume of transactions or business operations of the oil companies, merchants and truck stop owners with whom we maintain strategic relationships, which could adversely impact our business. further, we may not be able to successfully execute our ev strategy, which could further adversely impact our business.
in addition, our transaction volumes could be adversely affected if businesses do not continue to use, or fail to increase their use of, credit, debit or stored value cards as a payment mechanism for their transactions. similarly, our transaction volumes could be impacted by adverse developments in the payments industry, such as new legislation or regulation that makes it more difficult for customers to do business, or a well-publicized data security breach that undermines the confidence of the public in electronic payment systems.
if we fail to adequately assess and monitor credit risks of our customers, we could experience an increase in credit loss.
we are subject to the credit risk of our customers which range in size from small sole proprietorships to large publicly traded companies. we use various methods to screen potential customers and establish appropriate credit limits, but these methods cannot eliminate all potential credit risks and may not always prevent us from approving customer applications that are not credit-worthy or are fraudulently completed. changes in our industry, customer demand, and, in relation to our fuel customers, movement in fuel prices may result in periodic increases to customer credit limits and spending and, as a result, could lead to increased credit losses. we may also fail to detect changes to the credit risk of customers over time. further, during a declining economic environment (including economic weakness caused by large-scale crises like the covid-19 pandemic), we may experience increased customer defaults and preference claims by bankrupt customers. additionally, the counterparties to the derivative financial instruments that we use in our international payments provider business to reduce our exposure to various market risks, including changes in foreign exchange rates, may fail to honor their obligations, which could expose us to risks we had sought to mitigate. this risk includes the exposure generated when we write derivative contracts to our customers as part of our cross-currency payments business, and we typically hedge the net exposure through offsetting contracts with established financial institution counterparties. if a customer becomes insolvent, files for bankruptcy, commits fraud or otherwise fails to pay us, we may be exposed to the value of an offsetting position with such counterparties for the derivatives or may bear financial risk for those receivables where we have offered trade credit. if we fail to adequately manage our credit risks, our bad debt expense could be significantly higher than historic levels and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, our bad debt expense, inclusive of fraud losses, was $131.1 million and $37.9 million, or 7 bps and 3 bps of total billings, respectively.
we may incur substantial losses due to fraudulent use of our payment solutions.
under certain circumstances, when we fund customer transactions, we may bear the risk of substantial losses due to fraudulent use of our payment solutions. we do not maintain insurance to protect us against such losses. we bear similar risk relating to fraudulent acts of employees or contractors, for which we maintain insurance. however, the conditions or limits of coverage may be insufficient to protect us against such losses.
criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving financial products, such as skimming and counterfeiting payment cards and identity theft. a single significant incident of fraud, or increases in the overall level of fraud, involving our cards and other products and services, could result in reputational damage to us, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards and other payment solutions and services or lead to greater regulation that would increase our compliance costs. fraudulent activity could also result in the imposition of regulatory sanctions, including significant monetary fines, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
any decrease in our receipt of fees and charges, or limitations on our fees and charges, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our card solutions include a variety of fees and charges associated with transactions, cards, reports, optional services and late payments. revenues for late fees and finance charges represented 5% of our consolidated revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022. if the users of our cards decrease their transaction activity, or the extent to which they use optional services or pay invoices late, our revenue could be materially adversely affected. in addition, several market factors can affect the amount of our fees and charges, including the market for similar charges for competitive card products and the availability of alternative payment methods such as cash or house accounts. furthermore, regulators and congress have scrutinized the electronic payments industry's pricing, charges and other practices related to its customers. any restrictions on our ability to price our products and services could materially and adversely affect our revenue.
we operate in a competitive business environment, and if we are unable to compete effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected.
the market for our solutions is highly competitive, and competition could intensify in the future. our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the products and services they offer. our primary competitors in the north american fuel solutions are small regional and large independent fleet card providers, major oil companies and petroleum marketers that issue their own fleet cards, and major financial services companies that provide card services to major oil companies and petroleum marketers. corporate payments solutions faces a variety of competitors, some of which have greater financial resources, name recognition and scope and breadth of products and services. competitors in the lodging solution include travel agencies, online lodging discounters, internal corporate procurement and travel resources, and independent services companies. our primary competitors in europe, australia and new zealand are independent fleet card providers, major oil companies and petroleum marketers that issue branded fleet cards, and providers of card outsourcing services to major oil companies and petroleum marketers. our primary competitors in latin america are independent providers of fleet cards and vouchers for food, fuel, tolls, and transportation and major oil companies and providers of card outsourcing services to major oil companies and petroleum marketers who offer commercial fleet cards.
the most significant competitive factors in our business are the breadth of product and service features, network acceptance size, customer service, payment terms, account management, and price. we may experience competitive disadvantages with respect to any of these factors from time to time as potential customers prioritize or value these competitive factors differently. as a result, a specific offering of our features, networks and pricing may serve as a competitive advantage with respect to one customer and a disadvantage for another based on the customers' preferences.
some of our existing and potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand name recognition, larger customer bases, more extensive customer relationships or greater financial and technical resources than we do. in addition, our larger competitors may also have greater resources than we do to devote to the promotion and sale of their products and services and to pursue acquisitions. many of our competitors provide additional and unrelated products and services to customers, such as treasury management, commercial lending and credit card processing, which allow them to bundle their products and services together and present them to existing customers with whom they have established relationships, sometimes at a discount. if price competition continues to intensify, we may have to increase the incentives that we offer to our customers, decrease the prices of our solutions or lose customers, each of which could adversely affect our operating results. in fuel solutions, major oil companies, petroleum marketers and large financial institutions may choose to integrate fuel card services as a complement to their existing or complementary card products and services to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies, such as evs, and changing opportunities, standards or customer requirements. to the extent that our competitors are regarded as leaders in specific categories, they may have an advantage over us as we attempt to further penetrate these categories.
future mergers or consolidations among competitors, or acquisitions of our competitors by large companies may present competitive challenges to our business if their fuel card products and services are effectively integrated and bundled into lower cost sales packages with other widely utilized non-fuel card related products and services.
overall, increased competition in our markets could result in intensified pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses and a failure to increase, or a loss of, market share. we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against our current or future competitors, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
in order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace.
the payments technology industry in which we compete is characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. in order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of new platforms, mobile payment applications, e-commerce services and other new offerings emerging in the payments technology industry, including particularly with respect to evs. these projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. in the payments technology markets, these risks are even more acute. any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render our services less desirable to customers, or possibly even obsolete.
a decline in retail fuel prices or contraction in fuel price spreads could adversely affect our revenue and operating results.
we believe during the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 13% of our consolidated revenue was directly influenced by the absolute price of fuel. approximately 6% of our consolidated revenue during the year ended december 31, 2022 was derived from transactions where our revenue is tied to fuel price spreads. when our fleet customers purchase fuel, certain arrangements in our fuel solutions generate revenue as a percentage of the fuel transaction purchase amount and other arrangements generate revenue based on fuel price spreads. the fuel price that we charge to any fuel customer is dependent on several factors including, among others, the fuel price paid to the fuel merchant, posted retail fuel prices and competitive fuel prices. the significant volatility in fuel prices can impact these revenues by lowering total fuel transaction purchase amounts and tightening fuel price spreads. we experience fuel price spread contraction when the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel increases at a faster rate than the fuel price we charge to our fuel customers, or the fuel price we charge to our fuel customers decreases at a faster rate than the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel. the volatility is due to many factors outside our control, including new oil production or production slowdowns, supply and demand for oil and gas and market expectations of future supply and demand, political conditions, actions by opec and other major oil producing countries, speculative trading, government regulation, weather and general economic conditions. when such volatility leads to a decline in retail fuel prices or a contraction of fuel price spreads, our revenue and operating results could be adversely affected.
the value of certain of our solutions depend, in part, on relationships with oil companies, fuel and lodging merchants, truck stop operators, airlines and sales channels to grow our business. the failure to maintain and grow existing relationships, or establish new relationships, could adversely affect our revenues and operating results.
the success and growth of our solutions depend on the wide acceptability of such cards when our customers need to use them. as a result, the success of these solutions is in part dependent on our ability to maintain relationships with major oil companies, petroleum marketers, closed-loop fuel and lodging merchants, truck stop operators, airlines and sales channels (each of whom we refer to as our "partners") and to enter into additional relationships or expand existing arrangements to increase the acceptability of our payment cards. these relationships vary in length from one to eight years for oil companies to one to two years for merchants and may be renegotiated at the end of their respective terms. due to the highly competitive, and at times exclusive, nature of these relationships, we often must participate in a competitive bidding process to establish or continue the relationships. such bidding processes may focus on a limited number of factors, including pricing, which may affect our ability to effectively compete for these relationships.
if the various partners with whom we maintain relationships experience bankruptcy, financial distress, or otherwise are forced to contract their operations, our solutions could be adversely impacted. similarly, because some of our solutions are marketed under the brands of major oil companies, certain other adverse events outside our control, like those companies' failure to maintain their brands or a decrease in the size of their branded networks may adversely affect our ability to grow our revenue.
the loss of, failure to continue or failure to establish new relationships, or the weakness or decrease in size of companies with whom we maintain relationships, could adversely affect our ability to serve our customers and adversely affect our solutions and operating results.
we must comply with various rules and requirements, including the payment of fees, of mastercard and our sponsor banks in order to remain registered to participate in the mastercard networks.
a significant source of our revenue comes from processing transactions through the mastercard networks. in order to offer mastercard programs to our customers, one of our subsidiaries is registered as a member service provider with mastercard through sponsorship by mastercard member banks in both the u.s. and canada. registration as a service provider is dependent upon our being sponsored by member banks. if our sponsor banks should stop providing sponsorship for us or determine to provide sponsorship on materially less favorable terms, we would need to find other financial institutions to provide those services or we would need to become a mastercard member, either of which could prove to be difficult and expensive. even if we pursue sponsorship by alternative member banks, similar requirements and dependencies would likely still exist. in addition, mastercard routinely updates and modifies its membership requirements. changes in such requirements may make it significantly more expensive for us to provide these services. if we do not comply with mastercard requirements, it could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registration, which allows us to process transactions on its networks. the termination of our registration, or any changes in the payment network rules that would impair our registration, could require us to stop providing mastercard payment processing services. if we are unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide sponsorship or become a member, we may no longer be able to provide such services to the affected customers.
changes in mastercard interchange fees could decrease our revenue.
a portion of our revenue is generated by network processing fees charged to merchants, known as interchange fees, associated with transactions processed using our mastercard-branded cards. interchange fee amounts associated with our mastercard network cards are affected by a number of factors, including regulatory limits in the u.s. and europe and fee changes imposed by mastercard. in addition, interchange fees are the subject of intense legal and regulatory scrutiny and competitive pressures in the electronic payments industry, which could result in lower interchange fees generally in the future.
our cross-border solution depends on our relationships with banks and other financial institutions around the world, which may impose fees, restrictions and compliance burdens on us that make our operations more difficult or expensive.
in our cross-border solution, we facilitate payment and foreign exchange solutions, primarily cross-border, cross-currency transactions, for small and medium size enterprises and other organizations. increased regulation and compliance requirements are impacting these businesses by making it more costly for us to provide our solutions or by making it more cumbersome for businesses to do business with us. any factors that increase the cost of cross-border trade for us or our customers or that restrict, delay, or make cross-border trade more difficult or impractical, such as trade policy (including restrictions arising out of the russian and ukrainian conflict) or higher tariffs, could negatively impact our revenues and harm our business. we may also have difficulty establishing or maintaining banking relationships needed to conduct our services due to banks' policies.
increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from investors, customers and our employees with respect to our environmental, social and governance (esg) practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.
there is increased focus, including from governmental organizations, investors, employees and clients, on esg issues such as environmental stewardship, climate change, diversity and inclusion, racial justice and workplace conduct. negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative comments in social media could damage our reputation if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately address these issues. any harm to our reputation could impact employee engagement and retention and the willingness of customers and our partners to do business with us. in addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to esg matters, and unfavorable ratings of our company or our industries may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries.
maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to our business relationships and operating results.
we believe that maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to our customer relationships, and our ability to obtain partners and retain employees. the successful promotion of our brands will depend upon our marketing and public relations efforts, our ability to continue to offer high-quality products and services and our ability to successfully differentiate our solutions from those of our competitors. in addition, future extension of our brands to add new products or services different from our current offerings may dilute our brands, particularly if we fail to maintain our quality standards in these new areas. the promotion of our brands will require us to make substantial expenditures, and we anticipate that the expenditures will increase as our markets become more competitive and we expand into new markets. even if these activities increase our revenues, this revenue may not offset the expenses we incur. there can be no assurance that our brand promotion activities will be successful.
we are subject to risks related to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, and restrictions on our ability to utilize revenue generated in foreign currencies.
as a result of our foreign operations, we are subject to risks related to changes in currency rates for revenue generated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. for the year ended december 31, 2022, approximately 39% of our revenue was denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar (primarily, british pound, brazilian real, canadian dollar, russian ruble, mexican peso, czech koruna, euro, australian dollar and new zealand dollar). revenue and profit generated by international operations may increase or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. resulting exchange gains and losses are included in our net income. in addition, a majority of the revenue from our international payments provider business is from exchanges of currency at spot rates, which enable customers to make cross-currency payments. this solution also writes foreign currency forward and option contracts for our customers. the duration of these derivative contracts at inception is generally less than one year. the credit risk associated with our derivative contracts increases when foreign currency exchange rates move against our customers, possibly impacting their ability to honor their obligations to deliver currency to us or to maintain appropriate collateral with us.
furthermore, we are subject to exchange control regulations that restrict or prohibit the conversion of more than a specified amount of our foreign currencies into u.s. dollars, and, as we continue to expand, we may become subject to further exchange control regulations that limit our ability to freely utilize and transfer currency in and out of particular jurisdictions. these restrictions may make it more difficult to effectively utilize the cash generated by our operations and may adversely affect our financial condition.
our expansion through acquisitions may divert our management's attention and result in unexpected operating or integration difficulties or increased costs and dilution to our stockholders, and we may never realize the anticipated benefits.
we have been an active acquirer in the u.s. and internationally, and, as part of our growth strategy, we expect to seek to acquire businesses, commercial account portfolios, technologies, services and products in the future. we have substantially expanded our overall portfolio of solutions, customer base, headcount and operations through acquisitions. the acquisition and integration of each business involves a number of risks and may result in unforeseen operating difficulties, delays and expenditures in assimilating or integrating the businesses, technologies, products, personnel or operations of the acquired business, all of which may divert resources and management attention otherwise available to grow our existing portfolio. in addition, acquisitions may expose us to geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience, present difficulties in retaining the customers of the acquired business and present difficulties and expenses associated with new regulatory requirements, competition controls or investigations.
in addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including difficulty managing geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities, difficulty integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds, languages and organizational cultures, difficulty and expense introducing our corporate policies or controls and increased expense to comply with foreign regulatory requirements applicable to acquisitions.
integration of acquisitions could also result in the distraction of our management, the disruption of our ongoing operations or inconsistencies on our services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of an acquisition or otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results.
to complete future acquisitions, we may determine that it is necessary to use a substantial amount of our cash or engage in equity or debt financing. if we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. in addition, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all, which could limit our ability to engage in acquisitions. moreover, we can make no assurances that the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, such as operating improvements or anticipated cost savings, would be realized. further, an acquisition may negatively affect our operating results because it may require us to incur charges and substantial debt or other liabilities, may cause adverse tax consequences, substantial depreciation and amortization or deferred compensation charges, may require the amortization, write-down or impairment of amounts related to deferred compensation, goodwill and other intangible assets, may include substantial contingent consideration payments or other compensation that reduce our earnings during the quarter in which incurred, or may not generate sufficient financial return to offset acquisition costs.
in addition, from time to time, we may divest businesses, for, among other things, alignment with our strategic objectives. we may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may affect our profitability and margins. moreover, we may incur asset impairment charges related to divestitures that reduce our profitability. our divestiture activities may present financial, managerial and operational risks. those risks include diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulties separating personnel and financial and other systems, possible need for providing transition services to buyers, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers. any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business in foreign countries may be adversely affected by operational and political risks that are greater than in the u.s.
we have foreign operations in, or provide services for customers in more than 165 countries throughout north america, south america, europe, africa, oceania and asia. we also expect to seek to expand our operations into various additional countries in asia, europe and latin america as part of our growth strategy.
some of the countries where we operate, and other countries where we will seek to operate, such as russia, brazil and mexico, have undergone significant political, economic and social change in recent years, and the risk of unforeseen changes in these countries may be greater than in the u.s. in addition, changes in laws or regulations, including with respect to payment service providers, taxation, information technology, data transmission and the internet, revenues from non-u.s. operations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, whether caused by a change in government or otherwise, could materially adversely affect our portfolio, operating results and financial condition.
the current conflict between russia and ukraine is creating substantial uncertainty about the role russia will play in the global economy in the future. although the extent, duration, severity and outcome of the ongoing military conflict between russia and ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other disruptions. the escalation or continuation of this conflict presents heightened risks and has resulted and could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to information systems, heightened risks to employee safety, significant volatility of the russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets, increased operating costs (including fuel and other input costs), the frequency and volume of failures to settle securities transactions, inflation, potential for increased volatility in commodity, currency and other financial markets, safety risks, and restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from russia. we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will affect our customers, operations or business partners or the demand for our products and our global business. depending on the actions we take or are required to take, the ongoing conflict could also result in loss of assets or impairment charges. additionally, we may also face negative publicity and reputational risk based on the actions we take or are required to take as a result of the conflict, which could damage our brand image or corporate reputation. the extent of the impact of these tragic events on our business remains uncertain and will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the conflict. we are actively monitoring the situation and assessing its impact on our business, analyzing options as they develop, pursuing the potential disposition of our russian operations, and refining crisis response materials designed to mitigate the impact of disruptions to our business. subject to ongoing negotiations, we currently expect to complete the disposition of the russia business in the second or third quarter of 2023.
in response to the russian invasion of ukraine, the u.s., the european union, the u.k. and other governments have imposed sanctions and other restrictive measures. such sanctions, and other measures, as well as countersanctions or other responses from russia or other countries have adversely affected, and will adversely affect, the global economy and financial markets and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations or otherwise aggravate the other risk factors that we identify herein. we cannot predict the scope of future developments in sanctions, punitive actions or macroeconomic factors arising from the conflict. these measures are complex and still evolving. our efforts to comply with such measures may be costly and time consuming and will divert the attention of management. any alleged or actual failure to comply with these measures may subject us to government scrutiny, civil or criminal proceedings, sanctions, and other liabilities, which may have a material and adverse effect on our operations, financial condition, and results of operations. in light of all of these events, we have developed and are continuing to refine our business continuity plan and crisis response materials to mitigate the impact of disruptions to our business, but it is unclear if our plan will successfully mitigate all potential disruptions. if our business continuity plan fails to mitigate some or all disruptions, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business in russia accounted for approximately 3.3% and 2.8% of our consolidated net revenues and 7.2% and 5.0% of our net income for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our assets in russia were approximately 3.2% and
2.4% of our consolidated assets at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the net book value of our assets in russia at december 31, 2022 was approximately $226.1 million of which $215.8 million is restricted cash. as described in note 4 to our consolidated financial statements, we currently have not recognized any impairment charges related to the assets of our russian business. however, the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the conflict between russia and ukraine and related sanctions could potentially impact the value of our assets in russia as the conflict continues. our russian business is part of our fleet segment.
in addition, conducting and expanding our international operations subjects us to other political, economic, technological, operational and regulatory risks and difficulties that we do not generally face in the u.s. these risks and difficulties could negatively affect our international operations and, consequently, our operating results. further, operating in international markets requires significant management attention and financial resources. we cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required to establish, acquire or integrate operations in other countries will produce desired levels of revenue or profitability.
our fuel and payroll card solutions are typically subject to seasonal fluctuations in revenues and profit, which are impacted during the first and fourth quarter each year by the weather, holidays in the u.s., christmas being celebrated in russia in january, and lower business levels in brazil due to summer break and the carnival celebration. our gift solutions are typically subject to seasonal fluctuations in revenues as a result of consumer spending patterns. historically, gift revenues have been strongest in the third and fourth quarters and weakest in the first and second quarters, as the retail industry has its highest level of activity during and leading up to the christmas holiday season.
risks related to our intellectual property if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights and confidential information, our competitive position could be harmed and we could be required to incur significant expenses in order to enforce our rights.
to protect our proprietary technology, we rely on copyright, trade secret, patent and other intellectual property laws and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. despite our precautions, it may be possible for third parties to obtain and use without our consent confidential information or infringe on our intellectual property rights, and our ability to police that misappropriation or infringement is uncertain, particularly in countries outside of the u.s. in addition, our confidentiality agreements with employees, vendors, customers and other third parties may not effectively prevent disclosure or use of proprietary technology or confidential information and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of such unauthorized use or disclosure.
protecting against the unauthorized use of our intellectual property and confidential information is expensive, difficult and not always possible. litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our confidential information, including trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. this litigation could be costly and divert management resources, either of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property and proprietary information.
we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken will prevent the unauthorized use or the reverse engineering of our proprietary technology. moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive to ours or infringe our intellectual property. the enforcement of our intellectual property rights also depends on our legal actions against these infringers being successful, and we cannot be sure these actions will be successful, even when our rights have been infringed. furthermore, effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which we may offer our products and services.
claims by others that we or our customers infringe their intellectual property rights could harm our business.
third parties have in the past, and could in the future claim that our technologies and processes underlying our products and services infringe their intellectual property. in addition, to the extent that we gain greater visibility, market exposure, and add new products and services, we may face a higher risk of being the target of intellectual property infringement claims asserted by third parties. we may, in the future, receive notices alleging that we have misappropriated or infringed a third party's intellectual property rights. there may be third-party intellectual property rights, including patents and pending patent applications that cover significant aspects of our technologies, processes or business methods. any claims of infringement or misappropriation by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial defense costs and could distract our management from our business, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail against such claims. some of our competitors may have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforcing their intellectual property rights and to defending claims that may be brought against them than we do. furthermore, a party making such a claim, if successful, could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages, potentially including treble damages if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent. a judgment could also include an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from offering our products and services. in addition, we might be required to seek a license for the use of a third party's intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. alternatively, we might be required to develop non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense and might ultimately not be successful.
third parties may also assert infringement claims against our customers relating to their use of our technologies or processes. any of these claims might require us to defend potentially protracted and costly litigation on their behalf, regardless of the merits of these claims, because under certain conditions we may agree to indemnify our customers from third-party claims of intellectual property infringement. if any of these claims succeed, we might be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
finally, we use open source software in connection with our technology and services. companies that incorporate open source software into their products, from time to time, face claims challenging the ownership of open source software. as a result, we could be subject to suits by parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software. open source software is also provided without warranty, and may therefore include bugs, security vulnerabilities or other defects for which we have no recourse or recovery. some open source software licenses require users of such software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to their software and/or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. while we monitor the use of open source software in our technology and services and try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose the source code to the related technology or service, such use could inadvertently occur and any requirement to disclose our proprietary source code could be harmful to our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
our success depends, in part, on our executive officers and other key personnel. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. the market for qualified individuals is competitive, especially in certain fields, including information technology, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
risks related to regulatory matters and litigation changes in laws, regulations and enforcement activities may adversely affect our products and services and the markets in which we operate.
the electronic payments industry is subject to increasing regulation in the u.s. and internationally. domestic and foreign government regulations impose compliance obligations on us and restrictions on our operating activities, which can be difficult to administer because of their scope, mandates and varied requirements. we are subject to government regulations covering a number of different areas, including, among others: interest rate and fee restrictions; credit access and disclosure requirements; licensing and registration requirements; collection and pricing regulations; compliance obligations; security, privacy and data breach requirements; identity theft protection programs; and aml compliance programs. while a large portion of these regulations focuses on individual consumer protection, legislatures and regulators continue to consider whether to include business customers, especially smaller business customers, within the scope of these regulations. as a result, new or expanded regulation focusing on business customers or changes in interpretation or enforcement of regulations may have an adverse effect on our business and operating results, due to increased compliance costs and new restrictions affecting the terms under which we offer our products and services.
in addition, certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulation under the bsa by fincen and must comply with applicable aml requirements, including implementation of an effective aml program. our business in canada is also subject to the pcmltfa, which is a corollary to the bsa. changes in this regulatory environment, including changing interpretations and the implementation of new or varying regulatory requirements by the government, may significantly affect or change the manner in which we currently conduct some aspects of our business.
as a service provider to certain of our bank sponsors, we are subject to direct supervision and examination by the cfpb, in connection with certain of our products and services. cfpb rules, examinations and enforcement actions may require us to adjust our activities and may increase our compliance costs. in addition, our bank partners are subject to regulation by federal and state banking authorities and, as a result, could pass through some of those compliance obligations to us or alter the extent or the terms of their dealings with us in ways that may have adverse consequences for our business.
many of these laws and regulations are evolving, unclear and inconsistent across various jurisdictions, and ensuring compliance with them is difficult and costly. with increasing frequency, federal and state regulators are holding businesses like ours to higher standards of training, monitoring and compliance, including monitoring for possible violations of laws by our customers and people who do business with our customers while using our products. if we fail or are unable to comply with existing or changed government regulations in a timely and appropriate manner, we may be subject to injunctions, other sanctions or the payment of fines and penalties, and our reputation may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
for more information about laws, regulations and enforcement activities that may adversely affect our products and services and the markets in which we operate, see "business- regulatory."
derivatives regulations have added costs to our business and any additional requirements, such as future registration requirements and increased regulation of derivative contracts, may result in additional costs or impact the way we conduct our hedging activities, as well as impact how we conduct our business within our international payments provider operations.
rules adopted under the dodd-frank act by the cftc, provisions of the european market infrastructure regulation and its technical standards, as well as derivative reporting in canada and the u.s., have subjected certain of the foreign exchange derivative contracts we offer to our customers as part of our cross-border solutions to reporting, record keeping, and other requirements. additionally, certain foreign exchange derivatives transactions we may enter into in the future may be subject to centralized clearing requirements or may be subject to margin requirements in the u.s., u.k., and european union or other jurisdictions.
our compliance with these requirements has resulted, and may continue to result, in additional costs to our business and may impact our international payments provider business operations. furthermore, our failure to comply with these requirements could result in fines and other sanctions, as well as necessitate a temporary or permanent cessation to some or all of our derivative related activities. any such fines, sanctions or limitations on our business could adversely affect our operations and financial results. additionally, the regulatory regimes for derivatives in the u.s., u.k., and european union, such as under the dodd-frank act and the markets in financial instruments directive (mifid ii) are continuing to evolve and changes to such regimes, our designation under such regimes, our associated costs for entering into derivatives transactions or the implementation of new rules under such regimes, such as future registration requirements and increased regulation of derivative contracts, may result in additional costs to our business. other jurisdictions outside the u.s., u.k., and the european union are considering, have implemented, or are implementing regulations similar to those described above and these may result in greater costs to us as well.
in september 2022, the sixth and final phase of the uncleared margin rules (umr) in the u.s. and eu took effect. in light of this development, banks and other non-bank financial institutions are subject to additional regulatory requirements associated with trading non-centrally cleared otc derivatives with any counterparty that has $8 billion or more in total derivatives within its portfolio. non-centrally cleared otc derivatives can have certain advantages over exchange-traded and centrally cleared derivatives. some derivative types are only available to be traded as non-centrally cleared otc. in other cases, exchange-traded equivalents are less liquid or less cost-effective in gaining or hedging certain market exposures. further, otc derivatives offer investors more flexibility in structure because, unlike the standardized cleared products, they can be tailored or customized to fit specific needs or investment goals. in order to best meet a client's risk management objectives, our cross-border solution would like to preserve the ability to continue trading these types of otc derivatives when possible. the most broadly used otc derivative at cross-border solutions are fx forwards, the most common financial tool used in the marketplace to hedge currency. although the business is presently exempt from posting initial margin due to an exemption per counterparty, we will need to carefully monitor and manage initial and variation margin requirements. in cases where the currency market experiences significant disruption, our clients may take longer to post variation margin or collateral than what is required of our cross-border division related to its own interbank counterparties, resulting in transitory periods of elevated liquidity risk.
derivative transactions and delayed settlements may expose us to unexpected risk and potential losses.
we are party to a large number of derivative transactions. many of these derivative instruments are individually negotiated and non-standardized, which can make exiting, transferring or settling positions difficult. derivative transactions may also involve the risk that documentation has not been properly executed, that executed agreements may not be enforceable against the counterparty, or that obligations under such agreements may not be able to be "netted" against other obligations with such counterparty. in addition, counterparties may claim that such transactions were not appropriate or authorized.
derivative contracts and other transactions entered into with third parties often don't require performance until a future date, which can be months away, and are not always settled on a timely basis. while the transaction remains open there is always the chance of non-performance, especially is market movements make the contract less attractive, so we are subject to heightened credit and operational risk and in the event of a default. in addition, as new complex derivative products are created, disputes about the terms of the underlying contracts could arise, which could impair our ability to effectively manage our risk exposures from these products and subject us to increased costs. the provisions of the dodd-frank act requiring central clearing of otc derivatives, or a market shift toward standardized derivatives, could reduce the risk associated with such transactions, but under certain circumstances could also limit our ability to develop derivatives that best suit the needs of our clients and to hedge our own risks, and could adversely affect our profitability and increase our credit exposure to such platform.
governmental regulations and contractual obligations designed to protect or limit access to personal information could adversely affect our ability to effectively provide our services.
governmental bodies in the u.s. and abroad have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, laws and regulations restricting the transfer of, and requiring safeguarding of, non-public personal information. for example, in the u.s., all financial institutions must undertake certain steps to help protect the privacy and security of consumer financial information. in connection with providing services to our clients, we are required by regulations and arrangements with payment networks, our sponsor banks and certain clients to provide assurances regarding the confidentiality and security of non-public consumer information. these arrangements require periodic audits by independent companies regarding our compliance with industry standards such as pci standards and also allow for similar audits regarding best practices established by regulatory guidelines. the compliance standards relate to our infrastructure, components, and operational procedures designed to safeguard the confidentiality and security of non-public consumer personal information received from our customers. our ability to maintain compliance with these standards and satisfy these audits will affect our ability to attract and maintain business in the future. if we fail to comply with these regulations, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings. in addition, our client relationships and reputation could be harmed, and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new clients. if more restrictive privacy laws or rules are adopted by authorities in the future on the federal or state level or internationally, our compliance costs may increase, our opportunities for growth may be curtailed by our compliance capabilities or reputational harm and our potential liability for security breaches may increase, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
legislation and regulation of greenhouse gases ("ghg") and related divestment and other efforts could adversely affect our business.
we are aware of the increasing focus of local, state, regional, national and international regulatory bodies on ghg emissions and climate change issues. legislation to regulate ghg emissions has periodically been introduced in the u.s. congress, and there has been a wide-ranging policy debate, both in the u.s. and internationally, regarding the impact of these gases and possible means for their regulation. several states and geographic regions in the u.s. have adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of ghgs. additional legislation or regulation by these states and regions, the epa, and/or any international agreements to which the u.s. may become a party, that control or limit ghg emissions or otherwise seek to address climate change could adversely affect our partners' and merchants' operations, and therefore ours. see "our fleet card business is dependent on several key strategic relationships, the loss of which could adversely affect our operating results." and "if we are unable to maintain and expand our merchant relationships, our closed loop fleet card and lodging card businesses may be adversely affected." because our business depends on the level of activity in the oil industry, existing or future laws or regulations related to ghgs and climate change, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources, could have a negative impact on our business if such laws or regulations reduce demand for fuel. further, we may not be able to successfully execute our ev strategy, which could further adversely affect our business.
in addition to the regulatory efforts described above, there have also been efforts in recent years aimed at the investment community, including investment advisors, sovereign wealth funds, public pension funds, universities and other groups, promoting the divestment of fossil fuel equities as well as to pressure lenders and other financial services companies to limit or curtail activities with companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. if these efforts are successful, our ability to access capital markets may be limited and our stock price may be negatively impacted.
members of the investment community have recently increased their focus on sustainability practices with regard to the oil and gas industry, including practices related to ghgs and climate change. an increasing percentage of the investment community considers sustainability factors in making investment decisions, and an increasing number of our partners and merchants consider sustainability factors in awarding work. if we are unable to successfully address sustainability enhancement, we may lose partners or merchants, our stock price may be negatively impacted, our reputation may be negatively affected, and it may be more difficult for us to effectively compete.
we contract with government entities and are subject to risks related to our governmental contracts.
in the course of our business we contract with domestic and foreign government entities, including state and local government customers, as well as federal government agencies. as a result, we are subject to various laws and regulations that apply to companies doing business with federal, state and local governments. the laws relating to government contracts differ from other commercial contracting laws and our government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not common among commercial contracts. in addition, we may be subject to investigation from time to time concerning our compliance with the laws and regulations relating to our government contracts. our failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in suspension of these contracts or administrative or other penalties.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties or requirements resulting in significantly increased expenses, damage to our reputation and/or material adverse effects on our business.
we are subject to claims and a number of judicial and administrative proceedings in the ordinary course of our operations, including employment-related disputes, contract disputes, intellectual property disputes, government inquiries, investigations, audits and regulatory proceedings, customer disputes and tort claims. responding to proceedings may be difficult and expensive, and we may not prevail. in some proceedings, the claimant seeks damages as well as other relief, which, if granted, would require expenditures on our part or changes in how we conduct business. there can be no certainty that we will not ultimately incur charges in excess of presently established or future financial accruals or insurance coverage, or that we will prevail with respect to such proceedings. regardless of whether we prevail or not, such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. further, these types of matters could divert our management's attention and other resources away from our business. in addition, from time to time, we have had, and expect to continue to receive, inquiries from regulatory bodies and administrative agencies relating to the operation of our business. any potential claims or any such inquiries or potential claims have resulted in, and may continue to result in, various audits, reviews and investigations, which can be time consuming and expensive. these types of inquiries, audits, reviews, and investigations could result in the institution of administrative or civil proceedings, sanctions and the payment of fines and penalties, various forms of injunctive relief and redress, changes in personnel, and increased review and scrutiny by customers, regulatory authorities, the media and others, which could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to comply with the fcpa, aml regulations, economic and trade sanctions regulations and similar laws and regulations applicable to our international activities, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.
as we continue to expand our business internationally, we may continue to expand into certain foreign countries, particularly those with developing economies, where companies often engage in business practices that are prohibited by u.s., u.k. and other foreign regulations, including the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act, canada's pcmltfa, and australia's aml/ctf act. these laws and regulations generally prohibit our employees, consultants and agents from bribing, being bribed or making other prohibited payments to government officials or other persons to obtain or retain business or gain some other business advantage. we have implemented policies to discourage such practices; however, there can be no assurances that all of our employees, consultants and agents, including those that may be based in or from countries where practices that violate these laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible.
in addition, we are subject to aml laws and regulations, including the bsa. among other things, the bsa requires money services businesses (such as money transmitters and providers of prepaid access) to develop and implement risk-based aml programs, verify the identity of our customers, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records.
we are also subject to certain economic and trade sanctions programs that are administered by ofac, which prohibit or restrict transactions to or from or dealings with specified countries, their governments, and in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated nationals of those countries, narcotics traffickers, and terrorists or terrorist organizations. other group entities may be subject to additional foreign or local sanctions requirements in other relevant jurisdictions.
similar aml and counter-terrorist financing and proceeds of crime laws apply to movements of currency and payments through electronic transactions and to dealings with persons specified in lists maintained by the country equivalent to ofac lists in several other countries and require specific data retention obligations to be observed by intermediaries in the payment process. our businesses in those jurisdictions are subject to those data retention obligations.
violations of these laws and regulations may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and, in the u.s., suspension or debarment from u.s. government contracting. likewise, any investigation of any potential violations of these laws and regulations by u.s. or foreign authorities could also have an adverse impact on our reputation and operating results. in addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws and regulations might be administered or interpreted.
risks related to our debt our debt obligations, or our incurrence of additional debt obligations, could limit our flexibility in managing our business and could materially and adversely affect our financial performance.
at december 31, 2022, we had approximately $7.1 billion of debt outstanding under our credit facility and securitization facility. in addition, we are permitted under our credit agreement to incur additional indebtedness, subject to specified limitations. our indebtedness currently outstanding, or as may be outstanding if we incur additional indebtedness, could have important consequences, including the following:
we may have difficulty satisfying our obligations under our debt facilities and, if we fail to satisfy these obligations, an event of default could result;
we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to required payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow for acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate activities. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-material cash requirements and uses of cash;"
covenants relating to our debt may limit our ability to enter into certain contracts, pay dividends or to obtain additional financing for acquisitions, working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate activities, including to react to changes in our business or the industry in which we operate;
events outside our control, including volatility in the credit markets or a significant rise in fuel prices, may make it difficult to renew our securitization facility on terms acceptable to us and limit our ability to timely fund our working capital needs;
we may be more vulnerable than our less leveraged competitors to the impact of economic downturns and adverse developments in the industry in which we operate; and
we are exposed to the risk of increased interest rates because our borrowings are generally subject to variable or floating rates of interest.
in addition, we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, including through our securitization facility. although our credit agreements contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances, the amount of additional indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. if new debt is added to our existing debt levels, the related risks that we will face would increase.
the transition away from the london interbank offered rate ("libor") benchmark interest rate and the adoption of alternative benchmark reference rates could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our term loan b bears interest at a variable rate based on libor. we have entered into hedging instruments to manage a portion of our exposure to fluctuations in the libor benchmark interest rate, the last of which expires in december 2023. effective january 1, 2022, the publication of libor on a representative basis ceased for the one-week and two-month usd libor settings and all sterling, yen, euros, and swiss franc libor settings. all other remaining usd libor settings will cease july 1, 2023. in connection with the sunset of certain libor reference rates occurring at the end of 2021, we have amended the credit agreement to provide for a transition from libor to the sterling overnight index average reference rate ("sonia") plus a sonia adjustment of 0.0326% for sterling borrowings, the euro interbank offered rate ("euribor") for euro borrowings, and the tokyo interbank offer rate ("tibor") for yen borrowings. in addition, the company transitioned from libor to the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") plus a sofr adjustment of 0.10% for usd borrowings under the securitization facility, revolving credit facility and the term loan a. we continue to monitor developments related to the upcoming transition from usd libor to an alternative benchmark reference rate after june 30, 2023. a failure to properly transition away from usd libor could adversely affect the company's borrowing costs or expose the company to various financial, operational and regulatory risks, which could affect the company's results of operations and cash flows.
our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. the impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our financial results.
our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent approximately 52% of our total assets at december 31, 2022. these assets consist primarily of goodwill and identified intangible assets associated with our acquisitions, which may increase in the future in connection with new acquisitions. under current accounting standards, we are required to amortize certain intangible assets over the useful life of the asset, while goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized. on at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. if the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, it is written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings, which could materially negatively affect our operating results and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those described in item 1a "risk factors" appearing elsewhere in this report. all foreign currency amounts that have been converted into u.s. dollars in this discussion are based on the exchange rate as reported by oanda for the applicable periods.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items, with year-over-year comparisons between these two years. a detailed discussion of 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
executive overview fleetcor is a leading global business payments company that helps businesses spend less by enabling them to better manage their expense-related purchasing and vendor payments processes. fleetcor's smarter payment and spend management solutions are delivered in a variety of ways depending on the needs of the customer. from physical payment cards to software that includes customizable controls and robust payment capabilities, we provide businesses with a better way to pay. fleetcor has been a member of the s&p 500 since 2018 and trades on the new york stock exchange under the ticker flt.
businesses spend an estimated $135 trillion each year with other businesses. in many instances, they lack the proper tools to monitor what is being purchased, and employ manual, paper-based, disparate processes and methods to both approve and make payments for their purchases. this often results in wasted time and money due to unnecessary or unauthorized spending, fraud, receipt collection, data input and consolidation, report generation, reimbursement processing, account reconciliations, employee disciplinary actions, and more.
fleetcor's vision is that every payment is digital, every purchase is controlled, and every related decision is informed. digital payments are faster and more secure than paper-based methods such as checks, and provide timely and detailed data that can be utilized to effectively reduce unauthorized purchases and fraud, automate data entry and reporting, and eliminate reimbursement processes. combining this payment data with analytical tools delivers powerful insights, which managers can use to better run their businesses. our wide range of modern, digitized solutions generally provides control, reporting, and automation benefits superior to many of the payment methods businesses often use such as cash, paper checks, general purpose credit cards, as well as employee pay and reclaim processes.
impact of covid-19 on our business the novel strain of coronavirus (including variants thereof, "covid-19") negatively impacted our results of operations and liquidity and various aspects of the world economy and our customers, suppliers and vendors. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our business operations, financial results, and liquidity through the remainder of 2023 will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the continued duration and scope of the pandemic and the geographies most affected; the transmissibility and severity of new variants of the virus; vaccine availability globally, distribution, efficacy to new strains of the virus, the effectiveness of vaccines and treatments over the long term and against new variants, and the public's willingness to get vaccinated, potential disruptions impacting our suppliers and vendors resulting, directly or indirectly, from new outbreaks of covid-19, vaccine mandates and/or vaccine hesitancy; the negative impact the covid-19 pandemic has on global and regional economies and general economic activity, including the duration and magnitude of its impact on unemployment rates and business spending levels; its short- and longer-term impact on the levels of consumer confidence; the effectiveness of actions that governments, businesses and individuals, including fleetcor, take in response to the pandemic; the inflationary impact of actions taken in connection with government and business responses to the covid-19 pandemic; and how quickly economies recover after any new or continuing outbreak of covid-19 subsides.
impact of russia's invasion of ukraine on our business the current conflict between russia and ukraine is creating substantial uncertainty about the role russia will play in the global economy in the future. although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military conflict between russia and ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other disruptions. the escalation or continuation of this conflict presents heightened risks and has resulted and could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to information systems, heightened risks to employee safety, significant volatility of the russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets, increased operating costs (including fuel and other input costs), the frequency and volume of failures to settle securities transactions, inflation, potential for increased volatility in commodity, currency and other financial markets, safety risks, and restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from russia. we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will affect our customers, operations or business partners or the demand for our products and our global business. depending on the actions we take or are required to take, the ongoing conflict could also result in loss of cash, assets or impairment charges. additionally, we may also face negative publicity and reputational risk based on the actions we take or are required to take as a result of the conflict, which could damage our brand image or corporate reputation.
the extent of the impact of these tragic events on our business remains uncertain and will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the conflict. we are actively monitoring the situation and assessing its impact on our business, analyzing options as they develop, pursuing the potential disposition of our russian operations, and refining crisis response materials designed to mitigate the impact of disruptions to our business. subject to ongoing negotiations, we currently expect to complete the disposition of the russia business in the second or third quarter of 2023. there can be no assurance that our plan will successfully mitigate all disruptions. to date we have not experienced any material interruptions in our infrastructure, technology systems or networks needed to support our operations. the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the military conflict, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described herein.
our business in russia accounted for approximately 3.3% and 2.8% of our consolidated net revenues and 7.2% and 5.0% of our net income for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our assets in russia were approximately 3.2% and 2.4% of our consolidated assets at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the net book value of our assets in russia at december 31, 2022 was approximately $226.1 million of which $215.8 million is restricted cash. as described in note 4 to our consolidated financial statements, we currently have not recognized any impairment charges related to the assets of our russian business. however, the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the conflict between russia and ukraine and related sanctions could potentially impact the value of our assets in russia as the conflict continues. our russian business is part of our fleet segment.
performance revenues, net, net income and net income per diluted share. set forth below are revenues, net, net income and net income per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except per share amounts).
adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are supplemental non-gaap financial measures of operating performance. see the heading entitled "management's use of non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. we use adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance on a consistent basis.
sources of revenue fleetcor offers a variety of business payment solutions that help to simplify, automate, secure, digitize and effectively control the way businesses manage and pay their expenses. we provide our payment solutions to our business, merchant, consumer and payment network customers in more than 165 countries around the world today, although we operate primarily in three geographies, with approximately 85% of our business in the u.s., brazil, and the u.k. our customers may include commercial businesses (obtained through direct and indirect channels) and partners for whom we manage payment programs, as well as individual consumers.
in the second quarter of 2022, in order to align with recent changes in the organizational structure and management reporting, the company updated its segment structure. the presentation of segment information has been recast for the prior years to align with this segment presentation for 2022. we manage and report our operating results through the following reportable segments, fleet, corporate payments, lodging, brazil and other, which aligns with how the chief operating decision maker (codm) allocates resources, assesses performance and reviews financial information.
to help facilitate an understanding of our expansive range of solutions around the world, we describe them in two solution-driven categories: vehicle and mobility solutions and corporate payments solutions. our vehicle and mobility solutions are purpose-built to enable our business and consumer customers to pay for vehicle and mobility-related expenses, while providing greater control and visibility of employee spending when compared with less specialized payment methods, such as cash or general-purpose credit cards. our vehicle and mobility solutions include fuel, lodging, tolls and other complementary products. our corporate payments solutions simplify and automate vendor payments and are designed to help businesses streamline the back-office operations associated with making outgoing payments. companies save time, cut costs, and manage b2b payment processing more efficiently with our suite of corporate payment solutions, including ap automation, virtual cards, cross-border, and purchasing and t&e cards. we provide other payments solutions that are not considered within our vehicle and mobility and corporate payments solutions, including gift and payroll card.
our revenue is generally reported net of the cost for underlying products and services purchased. in this report, we refer to this net revenue as "revenue". see "results of operations" for additional segment information.
revenues by segment*                                 revenues,                       % of total                       revenues,                       % of total net                    revenues, net                             net                    revenues, net fleet                                           $1,504.9                              44      %                  $1,320.1                              47      %
*columns may not calculate due to rounding. other includes our gift and payroll card businesses.
revenues, net, by geography and solution. revenues, net by geography and solution category for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows (in millions):
revenues by geography*                               revenues,                       % of total                       revenues,                       % of total net                    revenues, net                             net                    revenues, net united states                                   $2,093.9                              61      %                  $1,785.2                              63      %
revenues by solution category*                             revenues,                     % of total revenues, net                       revenues,                       % of total net                                                                          net                    revenues, net fuel                                                  $1,378.3                                      40          %                  $1,180.1                              42      %
we generate revenue in our fuel solutions through a variety of program fees, including transaction fees, card fees, network fees and charges, as well as from interchange. these fees may be charged as fixed amounts, costs plus a mark-up, based on a percentage of the transaction purchase amounts, or a combination thereof. our programs also include other fees and charges associated with late payments and based on customer credit risk.
in our corporate payments solutions, the primary measure of volume is spend, the dollar amount of payments processed on behalf of customers through our various networks. we primarily earn revenue from the difference between the amount charged to the customer and the amount paid to the third party for a given transaction, as interchange or spread revenue. our programs may also charge fixed fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided. in our cross-border payments business, the majority of revenue is from exchanges of currency at spot rates, which enables customers to make cross-currency payments. our performance obligation in our foreign exchange payment services is providing a foreign currency payment to a customer's designated recipient and therefore, we recognize revenue on foreign exchange payment services when the underlying payment is made. revenues from foreign exchange payment services are primarily comprised of the difference between the exchange rate set by the company to the customer and the rate available in the wholesale foreign exchange market.
in our tolls solution, the relevant measure of volume is average monthly tags active during the period. we primarily earn revenue from fixed fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided. we also earn interchange on certain non-toll products.
in our lodging solutions, we primarily earn revenue from the difference between the amount charged to the customer and the amount paid to the hotel for a given transaction and commissions paid by hotels. we may also charge fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided.
in our gift solutions, we primarily earn revenue from the processing of gift card transactions sold by our customers to end users, as well as from the sale of the plastic cards. we may also charge fixed fees for ancillary services provided.
the remaining revenues represent other products that due to their nature or size, are not considered primary products. these include telematics offerings, fleet maintenance, food and transportation employee benefits related offerings, payroll cards and long-haul transportation services.
the following table presents revenue per key performance metric by solution for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions except revenues, net per key performance indicator).*
2022                        2021                       change                   % change                       2022                          2021                       change                   % change fuel
1 other includes telematics, maintenance, food, payroll card and transportation related businesses.
2 see heading entitled "managements' use of non-gaap financial measures" for a reconciliation of pro forma and macro adjusted revenue by product and metric non-gaap measures to the comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap.
organic revenue growth is a supplemental non-gaap financial measure of operating performance. organic revenue growth is calculated as revenue growth in the current period adjusted for the impact of changes in the macroeconomic environment (to include fuel price, fuel price spreads and changes in foreign exchange rates) over revenue in the comparable prior period adjusted to include or remove the impact of acquisitions and/or divestitures and non-recurring items that have occurred subsequent to that period. see the heading entitled "management's use of non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap. we believe that organic revenue growth on a macro-neutral, one-time item, and consistent acquisition/divestiture/non-recurring item basis is useful to investors for understanding the performance of fleetcor.
revenue per relevant key performance indicator (kpi), which may include transaction, spend volume, monthly tags, room nights, or other metrics, is derived from the various revenue types as discussed above and can vary based on geography, the relevant merchant relationship, the payment product utilized and the types of products or services purchased, the mix of which would be influenced by our acquisitions, organic growth in our business, and the overall macroeconomic environment, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and fuel price spreads. revenue per kpi per customer may change as the level of services we provide to a customer increases or decreases, as macroeconomic factors change and as adjustments are made to merchant and customer rates. see "results of operations" for further discussion of transaction volumes and revenue per transaction.
sources of expenses we incur expenses in the following categories:
processing-our processing expenses consist of expenses related to processing transactions, servicing our customers and merchants, credit losses and cost of goods sold related to our hardware and card sales in certain businesses.
selling-our selling expenses consist primarily of wages, benefits, sales commissions (other than merchant commissions) and related expenses for our sales, marketing and account management personnel and activities.
general and administrative-our general and administrative expenses include compensation and related expenses (including stock-based compensation and bonuses) for our employees, finance and accounting, information technology, human resources, legal and other administrative personnel. also included are facilities expenses, third-party professional services fees, travel and entertainment expenses, and other corporate-level expenses.
depreciation and amortization-our depreciation expenses include depreciation of property and equipment, consisting of computer hardware and software (including proprietary software development amortization expense), card-reading equipment, furniture, fixtures, vehicles and buildings and leasehold improvements related to office space. our amortization expenses include amortization of intangible assets related to customer and vendor relationships, trade names and trademarks, software and non-compete agreements. we are amortizing intangible assets related to business acquisitions and certain private label contracts associated with the purchase of accounts receivable.
other operating, net-our other operating, net includes other operating expenses and income items that do not relate to our core operations or that occur infrequently.
other expense (income), net-our other expense (income), net includes gains or losses from the following: sales of assets, foreign currency transactions, extinguishment of debt, and investments. this category also includes other miscellaneous non-operating costs and revenue. certain of these items may be presented separately on the consolidated statements of income.
interest expense, net-our interest expense, net includes interest expense on our outstanding debt, interest income on operating cash balances and interest on our interest rate swaps.
provision for income taxes-our provision for income taxes consists of corporate income taxes related primarily to profits resulting from the sale of our products and services on a global basis.
factors and trends impacting our business we believe that the following factors and trends are important in understanding our financial performance:
global economic conditions-our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the economy generally, in north america, brazil, and internationally, including the current conflict between russia and ukraine, as discussed elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, and the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic. factors affected by the economy include our transaction volumes, the credit risk of our customers and changes in tax laws across the globe. these factors affected our businesses in each of our segments.
foreign currency changes-our results of operations are significantly impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates; namely, by movements of the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound, canadian dollar, czech koruna, euro, mexican peso, new zealand dollar and russian ruble, relative to the u.s. dollar. approximately 61%, and 63% of our revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively, was derived in u.s. dollars and was not affected by foreign currency exchange rates. see "results of operations" for information related to foreign currency impact on our total revenue, net.
our cross-border foreign risk management business aggregates foreign currency exposures arising from customer contracts and economically hedges the resulting net currency risks by entering into offsetting contracts with established financial institution counterparties. these contracts are subject to counterparty credit risk.
fuel prices-our fleet customers use our products and services primarily in connection with the purchase of fuel. accordingly, our revenue is affected by fuel prices, which are subject to significant volatility. a change in retail fuel prices could cause a decrease or increase in our revenue from several sources, including fees paid to us based on a percentage of each customer's total purchase. changes in the absolute price of fuel may also impact unpaid account balances and the late fees and charges based on these amounts. we estimate approximately 13% and 12% of revenues, net were directly impacted by changes in fuel price in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
fuel price spread volatility-a portion of our revenue involves transactions where we derive revenue from fuel price spreads, which is the difference between the price charged to a fleet customer for a transaction and the price paid to the merchant for the same transaction. in these transactions, the price paid to the merchant is based on the wholesale cost of fuel. the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel is dependent on several factors including, among others, the factors described above affecting fuel prices. the fuel price that we charge to our customer is dependent on several factors including, among others, the fuel price paid to the merchant, posted retail fuel prices and competitive fuel prices. we experience fuel price spread contraction when the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel increases at a faster rate than the fuel price we charge to our customers, or the fuel price we charge to our customers decreases at a faster rate than the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel. the inverse of these situations produces fuel price spread expansion. we estimate approximately 6% and 5% of revenues, net were directly impacted by fuel price spreads in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
acquisitions-since 2002, we have completed over 95 acquisitions of companies and commercial account portfolios. acquisitions have been an important part of our growth strategy, and it is our intention to continue to seek opportunities to increase our customer base and diversify our service offering through further strategic acquisitions. the impact of acquisitions has, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our results of operations and may make it difficult to compare our results between periods.
interest rates-from january 1, 2022 to february 13, 2023, the u.s. federal open market committee has increased the target federal funds rate eight times for a total rate increase of 4.50%. additional increases are possible in future periods. we are exposed to market risk changes in interest rates on our cash investments and debt, particularly in rising interest rate environments. on january 22, 2019, we entered into three interest rate swap contracts. one contract (which matured in january 2022) had a notional value of $1.0 billion, while the two remaining contracts each have a notional value of $500 million. one of the remaining contracts matured on january 31, 2023 and the other will mature on december 19, 2023. the objective of these swap contracts was to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2.0 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the libor and/or sofr benchmark interest rate. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month libor and/or sofr. on january 30, 2023, we entered into five new interest rate swap contracts totaling $1.5 billion. the objective of these contracts is to eliminate the variability of cash flows in interest payments associated with $1.5 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in sofr benchmark interest rate. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month term sofr.
in february 2023, to further manage the impact of the current interest rate environment, we entered into a cross-currency interest rate swap on $500 million of notional value of investments in various euro-functional subsidiaries. this swap matures in february 2024.
expenses-over the long term, we expect that our expense will decrease as a percentage of revenue as our revenue increases, except for expenses related to transaction volume processed. to support our expected revenue growth, we plan to continue to incur additional sales and marketing expense by investing in our direct marketing, third-party agents, internet marketing, telemarketing and field sales force.
in february 2023, we acquired a european-based vehicle maintenance provider and a cloud-based ev charging software platform for an immaterial amount.
on november 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of roomex, a european workforce lodging provider serving the u.k. and german markets for approximately $56.8 million.
in september 2022, we made an investment of $6.1 million in a u.k.-based ev search and pay mapping service.
on september 6, 2022, we completed the acquisition of plugsurfing, a european ev software and network provider, for $75.8 million.
on august 3, 2022, we completed the acquisition of accrualify, an ap automation software company, for $41.2 million.
on march 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of levarti, a u.s.-based airline software platform company, for $23.7 million.
in february 2022, we made an investment of $7.8 million in an ev charging payments business and $5.0 million in an ev data analytics business.
on december 15, 2021, we completed the acquisition of a mobile fuel payments solution in russia for an immaterial amount.
on september 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of ale solutions, inc. (ale), a u.s. based provider of lodging solutions to the insurance industry, for $421.8 million.
on june 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of associated foreign exchange (afex), a u.s. based, cross-border payment solutions provider, for $459.8 million, including cash.
on january 13, 2021, we completed the acquisition of roger, which has been rebranded as corpay one, a global accounts payable (ap) cloud software platform for small businesses, for $39.0 million.
during 2021, we made an investment of $37.8 million in a joint venture in brazil with caixa. we made investments in other businesses of $6.8 million.
results from our ale, levarti and roomex acquisitions are included in our lodging segment, and results from our accrualify, afex and roger acquisitions are reported in our corporate payments segment, from the dates of acquisition. results from our plugsurfing and russian acquisitions are reported in our fleet segment from the dates of acquisition.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021
the following table sets forth selected consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except percentages)*.
year ended                    % of total                   year endeddecember 31,2021                    % of total                      increase                % change december 31,                       revenue                                                                    revenue                    (decrease)
consolidated operating expenses:
processing                                               764.7                           22.3     %                             559.8                               19.8     %                   204.9                     36.6    %
other operating, net                                       0.3                              -     %                             (0.8)                                  -     %                     1.1                            nm operating income                                       1,446.6                           42.2     %                           1,242.6                               43.8     %                   204.1                     16.4    %
loss on extinguishment of debt                             1.9                            0.1     %                              16.2                                0.6     %                  (14.3)                            nm provision for income taxes                               321.3                            9.4     %                             269.3                                9.5     %                    52.0                     19.3    %
operating income by segments:
operating income                                      $1,446.6                                                               $1,242.6                                                           $204.1                     16.4    %
*the sum of the columns and rows may not calculate due to rounding.
nm - not meaningful consolidated revenues, net our consolidated revenues were $3,427.1 million in 2022, an increase of 20.9% compared to the prior year. consolidated revenues increased primarily due to organic growth of 13% driven by increases in transaction volumes, the impact of acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022 of approximately $121.8 million and the positive impact of the macroeconomic environment.
although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we estimate it had a positive impact on our consolidated revenue for 2022 over 2021 of approximately $96 million, driven primarily by the favorable impact of fuel prices of approximately $99 million and favorable fuel price spreads of approximately $43 million. these increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $47 million, mostly in our u.k. and european businesses.
consolidated operating income operating income was $1,446.6 million in 2022, an increase of 16.4% compared to the prior year. the increase in operating income was primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in transaction volume, acquisitions completed in 2022 and 2021, the favorable impact of fuel prices of $99 million and favorable fuel price spreads of approximately $43 million. the increase in operating income was partially offset by additional bad debt of approximately $92 million, stock compensation of $41 million and unfavorable movements in the foreign exchange rates of $24 million.
consolidated operating expenses processing. processing expenses were $764.7 million in 2022, an increase of 36.6% compared to the prior year. increases were primarily due to higher variable expenses driven by larger transaction volumes, incremental credit losses of approximately $92 million and approximately $39 million of expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022. bad debt expense has increased as customer spend increased due to higher fuel prices and new sales, which generally tend to have a higher loss rate, and higher losses among micro-smb (small-medium business) customers who are feeling the brunt of negative economic conditions.
selling. selling expenses were $309.1 million in 2022, an increase of 17.9% compared to the prior year. increases in selling expenses were primarily associated with higher marketing and other variable costs due to increased sales volumes in 2022 and approximately $16 million of expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022.
general and administrative. general and administrative expenses were $584.1 million in 2022, an increase of 20.2% compared to the prior year. the increases were primarily due to increased stock based compensation expense of $41 million, the impact of acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022 of approximately $30 million, and various other increases associated with the growth of our business over the comparable prior period.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expenses were $322.3 million in 2022, an increase of 13.4%. the increase was primarily due to expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022 of approximately $24 million.
interest expense, net. interest expense was $164.7 million in 2022, an increase of 44.8% compared to the prior year. the increase in interest expense is primarily due to rising interest rates on increased borrowings, partially offset by the benefit of interest earned on higher operating cash balances. the following table sets forth the weighted average interest rates paid on borrowings under our credit facility, excluding the related unused facility fees and swaps.
revolving line of credit a &amp; b (usd)                3.50   %           1.60   %
revolving line of credit b (gbp)                           -   %           1.52   %
on january 22, 2019, we entered into three interest rate swap cash flow contracts. the objective of these interest rate swap contracts is to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, tied to the one month libor benchmark interest rate. during 2022, as a result of these swap contracts, we incurred additional interest expense of $10.6 million or 0.97% over the average libor rates on $2 billion of borrowings from january 1, 2022 to january 31, 2022 and $1 billion of borrowings from january 31, 2022 through december 31, 2022. in january 2022 and 2023, $1.0 billion and $500 million, respectively, of our interest rate swaps matured.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes and effective tax rate were $321.3 million and 25.2% in 2022, an increase of $52.0 million and 0.9%, respectively, compared to the prior year. the increase in the provision for income taxes was driven primarily by an increase in pre-tax earnings, less excess tax benefit on stock option exercises, and higher rates paid on certain foreign earnings compared to prior year. the increases were partially offset by the impact of a covid-related tax benefit in brazil realized during the fourth quarter of 2022, resulting in a $14 million tax benefit, which lowered our 2022 rate by 1.1%, and the determination that certain foreign income was permanently invested during the second quarter of 2022, resulting in a $9 million tax benefit that lowered our 2022 effective tax rate by 0.7%.
net income. for the reasons discussed above, our net income was $954.3 million in 2022, an increase of 13.7% compared to the prior year.
segment results fleet fleet revenues were $1,504.9 million in 2022, an increase of 14.0% compared to the prior year. fleet operating income was $728.0 million in 2022, an increase of 8.6% compared to the prior year. fleet revenues and operating income increased primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in transaction volumes and new sales growth, as well as the positive impact of the macroeconomic environment, partially offset by incremental bad debt of $61 million.
although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we estimate it had a positive impact on our fleet revenues and operating income in 2022 over the comparable prior year of approximately $106 million and $120 million, respectively. this impact was driven primarily by the favorable impact of fuel prices of approximately $97 million and favorable fuel spread margins of approximately $43 million. these increases were partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates on revenues and operating income of $35 million and $21 million, respectively, mostly in our u.k. and european businesses.
corporate payments corporate payments revenues were $772.4 million in 2022, an increase of 28.7% compared to the prior year. corporate payments operating income was $255.4 million in 2022, an increase of 29.3% compared to the prior year. corporate payments revenues and operating income increased primarily due to organic growth, with strong new sales in our ap and cross-border solutions, higher spend volume, as well as the impact of the afex acquisition, which were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the macroeconomic environment.
although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we estimate it had a negative impact on our corporate payments revenues and operating income in 2022 over the comparable prior year of approximately $24 million and $7 million, respectively, driven primarily by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
lodging lodging revenues were $456.5 million in 2022, an increase of 47.4% compared to the prior year. lodging operating income was $218.6 million in 2022, an increase of 46.8% compared to the prior year. lodging revenues and operating income increased primarily due to increases in transaction volume driving organic growth, as well as the impact of the ale and levarti acquisitions. organic growth was driven by higher new sales and volumes in our workforce lodging product and continued recovery from the impact of covid-19 of our airline product, producing increased domestic travel volumes.
brazil brazil revenues were $442.2 million in 2022, an increase of 20.1% compared to the prior year. brazil operating income was $174.7 million in 2022, an increase of 13.2% compared to the prior year. brazil revenues and operating income increased primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in toll tags sold and expanded product utility, with the differentiated value proposition of our products. brazil revenues and operating income were also impacted by favorable changes in foreign exchange rates of approximately $19 million and $8 million, respectively, over the prior year.
other other revenues were $251.0 million in 2022, an increase of 6.4% compared to the prior year. other operating income was $69.9 million in 2022, a decrease of 2.1% compared to the prior year. other revenues increased primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in transaction volumes and early retail ordering of gift cards, as retailers seek to ensure adequate card stock in advance of holiday season. other operating income remained relatively the same year over year.
liquidity and capital resources our principal liquidity requirements are to service and repay our indebtedness, make acquisitions of businesses and commercial account portfolios, repurchase shares of our common stock and meet working capital, tax and capital expenditure needs.
sources of liquidity. we believe that our current level of cash and borrowing capacity under our credit facility and securitization facility (each defined below), together with expected future cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet the needs of our existing operations and planned requirements for the foreseeable future, based on our current assumptions. at december 31, 2022, we had approximately $2.0 billion in total liquidity, consisting of approximately $0.6 billion available under our credit facility (defined below) and unrestricted cash of $1.4 billion. restricted cash primarily represents customer deposits in our corporate payments businesses in the u.s., as well as certain types of cash collateral received from customers for derivative transactions in our cross-border risk management business. cross-border deposits are restricted from use other than to repay customer deposits, as well as to secure and settle cross-currency transactions. cash collateral posted with financial institution counterparties is also reported in restricted cash. based on our assessment of the current capital market conditions and related impact on our access to cash, we have classified all cash held at our russian businesses of $215.8 million as restricted cash as of december 31, 2022.
we also utilize an accounts receivable securitization facility to finance a portion of our domestic receivables, to lower our cost of borrowing and more efficiently use capital. accounts receivable collateralized within our securitization facility relate to trade receivables resulting primarily from charge card activity in the u.s. we also consider the undrawn amounts under our securitization facility and credit facility as funds available for working capital purposes and acquisitions. at december 31, 2022, we had no additional liquidity under our securitization facility.
we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict between russia and ukraine will affect our customers, supply chain, operations or business partners or the demand for our products and our global business. depending on the actions we take or are required to take, the ongoing conflict could also result in loss of cash flows, assets or impairment charges. the extent of the impact of these tragic events on our business remains uncertain and will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the conflict. we are actively monitoring the situation and assessing its impact on our business, analyzing options as they develop, pursuing the potential disposition of our russian operations, and refining crisis response materials designed to mitigate the impact of disruptions to our business. subject to ongoing negotiations, we currently expect to complete the disposition of the russia business in the second or third quarter of 2023.
net cash provided by operating activities                            $754.8                           $1,197.1
operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities was $754.8 million in 2022, a decrease from $1,197.1 million in 2021. the decrease in operating cash flows was primarily due to unfavorable movement in working capital resulting mostly from the increase in fuel prices and volumes, as well as the timing of cash receipts and payments around year-end in 2022 versus 2021.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $368.3 million in 2022, a decrease from $715.9 million in 2021. the decreased use of cash was primarily due to smaller acquisitions completed in 2022, partially offset by an increased investment in technology of $40 million in 2022 over 2021.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities was $311.2 million in 2022, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $343.9 million in 2021. this change of $655 million was primarily due to decreases in net borrowings on our credit facility and securitization facility of $386 million and $249 million, respectively, and increased repurchases of common stock of $49 million.
capital spending summary our capital expenditures were $151.4 million in 2022, an increase of 35.8%, compared to the prior year due to the impact of acquisitions and continued investments in technology.
credit facility fleetcor technologies operating company, llc, and certain of our domestic and foreign owned subsidiaries, as designated co-borrowers (the "borrowers"), are parties to a $6.4 billion credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer, and a syndicate of financial institutions (the "lenders"), which has been amended multiple times. the credit agreement provides for senior secured credit facilities (collectively, the "credit facility") consisting of a revolving credit facility in the amount of $1.5 billion, a term loan a facility in the amount of $3.0 billion and a term loan b facility in the amount of $1.9 billion as of december 31, 2022. the revolving credit facility consists of (a) a revolving a credit facility in the amount of $1 billion with sublimits for letters of credit and swing line loans and (b) a revolving b facility in the amount of $500 million with borrowings in u.s. dollars, euros, british pounds, japanese yen or other currency as agreed in advance and a sublimit for swing line loans. the credit agreement also includes an accordion feature for borrowing an additional $750 million in term loan a, term loan b, revolving a or revolving b facility debt and an unlimited amount when the leverage ratio on a pro-forma basis is less than 3.75 to 1.00. proceeds from the credit facilities may be used for working capital purposes, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes.
on june 24, 2022, the company entered into the twelfth amendment to the credit agreement. the amendment replaced the then-existing term loan a with the $3 billion term loan a described above and the then-existing revolving credit facility with the $1.5 billion revolving credit facility described above, resulting in net increases of $273 million and $215 million to the capacities of the term loan a and revolving credit facility, respectively. in addition, the amendment replaced libor for usd borrowings with the sofr plus a sofr adjustment of 0.10% for the term loan a and the revolving credit facility and extended the maturity date. the maturity date for the new term loan a and revolving credit facilities a and b is june 24, 2027. the term loan b has a maturity date of april 30, 2028.
interest on amounts outstanding under the credit agreement (other than the term loan b) accrues as follows: for loans denominated in u.s. dollars, based on sofr plus a sofr adjustment of 0.10%, in british pounds, based on the sonia plus a sonia adjustment of 0.0326%, in euros, based on the euribor, or in japanese yen, at the tibor plus a margin based on a leverage ratio, or our option (for u.s. dollar borrowings only), the base rate (defined as the rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) the prime rate announced by bank of america, n.a., or (c) sofr plus 1.00% plus a margin based on a leverage ratio). interest on the term loan b facility accrues based on the british bankers association libor rate
(the "eurocurrency rate") plus 1.75%. in addition, the company pays a quarterly commitment fee at a rate per annum ranging from 0.25% to 0.30% of the daily unused portion of the credit facility.
at december 31, 2022, the interest rate on the term loan a was 5.80%, the interest rate on the term loan b was 6.13% and the interest rate on the revolving a facility was 5.79%. there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving b facility at december 31, 2022. the unused credit facility fee was 0.25% for all revolving facilities at december 31, 2022.
the term loans are payable in quarterly installments due on the last business day of each march, june, september, and december with the final principal payment due on the respective maturity date. borrowings on the revolving line of credit are repayable at the maturity of the facility. borrowings on the domestic swing line of credit are due on demand, and borrowings on the foreign swing line of credit are due no later than twenty business days after such loan is made.
the obligations of the borrowers under the credit agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of fleetcor and its domestic subsidiaries, pursuant to a security agreement and includes a pledge of (i) 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests owned by us of each domestic subsidiary and (2) 66% of the voting shares of the first-tier foreign subsidiaries, but excluding real property, personal property located outside of the u.s., accounts receivables and related assets subject to the securitization facility and certain investments required under money transmitter laws to be held free and clear of liens.
at december 31, 2022, we had $3.0 billion in borrowings outstanding on term loan a, net of discounts, $1.9 billion in borrowings outstanding on term loan b, net of discounts, and $0.9 billion in borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility. we have unamortized debt issuance costs of $4.6 million related to the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2022 recorded in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. we have unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs of $23.9 million related to the term loans as of december 31, 2022 recorded in notes payable and other obligations, net of current potion within the consolidated balance sheets. as a result of the amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate incurred on the term loans was 3.41% during 2022.
during 2022, as a result of the amendment described above, we made principal payments of $2.8 billion on the term loans, and $6.5 billion on the revolving facilities.
as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with each of the covenants under the credit agreement.
cash flow hedges on january 22, 2019, we entered into three interest rate swap contracts. one contract (which matured in january 2022) had a notional value of $1.0 billion, while the two remaining contracts each have a notional value of $500 million. one of the remaining contracts matured on january 31, 2023 and the other will mature on december 19, 2023. the objective of these swap contracts is to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2.0 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the libor and/or sofr benchmark interest rate. these swap contracts qualify as hedging instruments and have been designated as cash flow hedges. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month libor and/or sofr. we reclassified approximately $11 million of gains from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings during the year ended december 31, 2022 as a result of these hedging instruments.
the purpose of these contracts is to eliminate the variability of cash flows in interest payments associated with the company's unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the sofr benchmark interest rate. the company has designated these derivative instruments as cash flow hedging instruments, which are expected to be highly effective at offsetting changes in cash flows of the related underlying exposure.
net investment hedge in february 2023, we entered into a cross currency interest rate swap that we designate as a net investment hedge of our investments in euro-denominated operations. this contract effectively converts $500 million of u.s. dollar equivalent to an obligation denominated in euro, and partially offsets the impact of changes in currency rates on our euro denominated net investments. this contract also creates a positive interest differential on the u.s. dollar-denominated portion of the swap, resulting in a 1.96% interest rate savings on the usd notional.
securitization facility we are a party to a $1.7 billion receivables purchase agreement among fleetcor funding llc, as seller, pnc bank, national association as administrator, and various purchaser agents, conduit purchasers and related committed purchasers parties thereto. we refer to this arrangement as the securitization facility. there have been multiple amendments to the securitization facility in 2022. on march 23, 2022, we entered into the tenth amendment to the securitization facility. the amendment increased the securitization facility commitment from $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion and replaced libor with sofr plus a sofr adjustment of 0.10%. on august 18, 2022, we entered into the eleventh amendment to the securitization facility. the amendment increased the securitization facility commitment from $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, reduced the program fee margin and extended the maturity of the securitization facility to august 18, 2025.
the securitization facility provides for certain termination events, which includes nonpayment, upon the occurrence of which the administrator may declare the facility termination date to have occurred, may exercise certain enforcement rights with respect to the receivables, and may appoint a successor servicer, among other things.
we were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenant requirements related to our securitization facility as of december 31, 2022.
stock repurchase program given the company's returns on its capital investments and significant cash provided by operations, management believes it is prudent to reinvest in the business to drive profitable growth and use excess cash flow to return cash to shareholders over time through stock repurchases. the company's board of directors (the "board") has approved a stock repurchase program (as updated from time to time, the "program") authorizing the company to repurchase its common stock from time to time until february 1, 2024. on january 25, 2022, the board increased the aggregate size of the program by $1.0 billion, to $6.1 billion, and on october 25, 2022, the board increased the aggregate size of the program again by $1.0 billion to $7.1 billion. since the beginning of the program through december 31, 2022, 26,280,908 shares have been repurchased for an aggregate purchase price of $5.9 billion, leaving the company up to $1.2 billion of remaining authorization available under the program for future repurchases in shares of its common stock. there were 6,212,410 common shares totaling $1.4 billion in 2022; 5,451,556 common shares totaling $1.4 billion in 2021 and 3,497,285 common shares totaling $940.8 million in 2020; repurchased under the program.
any stock repurchases may be made at times and in such amounts as deemed appropriate. the timing and amount of stock repurchases, if any, will depend on a variety of factors including the stock price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and any additional constraints related to material inside information the company may possess. any repurchases have been and are expected to be funded by a combination of available cash flow from the business, working capital and debt.
material cash requirements and uses of cash material cash requirements primarily consist of debt obligations and related interest payments, along with lease obligations. refer to the debt footnote on page 84 and leases footnote on page 89 of this form 10-k for more information.
deferred income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2022 were approximately $527.5 million. refer to income taxes footnote on page 87 of this form 10-k for more information. deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. the results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future periods. as a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading, as this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs. at december 31, 2022, we had approximately $60.7 million of unrecognized income tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. we cannot reasonably estimate when all of these unrecognized income tax benefits may be settled. we do not expect reductions to unrecognized income tax benefits within the next 12 months as a result of projected resolutions of income tax uncertainties.
critical accounting policies and estimates, adoption of new accounting standards, and pending adoption of recently issued accounting standards in applying the accounting policies that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we necessarily make accounting estimates that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. some of these estimates require us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time we make the accounting estimates. we base these assumptions and the resulting estimates on historical information and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis. in many instances, however, we reasonably could have used different accounting estimates and, in other instances, changes in our accounting estimates could occur from period to period, with the result in each case being a material change in the financial statement presentation of our financial condition or results of operations. we refer to estimates of this type as critical accounting estimates. our significant accounting policies are summarized in the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. the critical accounting estimates that we discuss below are those that we believe are most important to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements.
see the summary of significant accounting policies footnote on page 65 of this form 10-k for additional information.
revenue recognition and presentation. we provide payment solutions to our business, merchant, consumer and payment network customers. our payment solutions are primarily focused on specific commercial spend categories, including fuel, corporate payments, tolls and lodging, as well as gift solutions (stored value cards and e-cards). we provide solutions that help businesses of all sizes control, simplify and secure payment of various domestic and cross-border payables using specialized payment products. we also provide other payment solutions for fleet maintenance, employee benefits and long-haul transportation-related services.
payment services our primary performance obligation for the majority of our payment solutions (corporate payments, fuel, lodging, and gift, among others) is to stand-ready to provide authorization and processing services (payment services) for an unknown or unspecified quantity of transactions and the consideration received is contingent upon the customer's use (e.g., number of transactions submitted and processed) of the related payment services. accordingly, the total transaction price is variable. payment services involve a series of distinct daily services that are substantially the same, with the same pattern of transfer to the customer. as a result, we allocate and recognize variable consideration in the period we have the contractual right to invoice the customer. for the tolls payment solution, our primary performance obligation is to stand-ready each month to provide access to the toll network and process toll transactions. each period of access is determined to be distinct and substantially the same as the customer benefits over the period of access. in our cross-border payments business, a portion of revenue is from exchanges of currency at spot rates, which enables customers to make cross-currency payments.
gift card products and services our gift solutions deliver both stored value cards and e-cards (cards), and card-based services primarily in the form of gift cards to retailers. these activities each represent performance obligations that are separate and distinct. revenue for stored value cards is recognized (gross of the underlying cost of the related card, recorded in processing expenses within the consolidated statements of income) at the point in time when control passes to our customer, which is generally upon shipment.
other we account for revenue from late fees and finance charges, in jurisdictions where permitted under local regulations, primarily in the u.s. and canada in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) 310, "receivables". such fees are recognized net of a provision for estimated uncollectible amounts, at the time the fees and finance charges are assessed and services are provided. we cease billing and accruing for late fees and finance charges approximately 30 - 40 days after the customer's balance becomes delinquent.
in addition, in our cross-border payments business, we write foreign currency forward and option contracts for our customers to facilitate future payments in foreign currencies. the duration of these derivative contracts at inception is generally less than one year. we aggregate our foreign exchange exposures arising from customer contracts, including forwards, options and spot exchanges of currency, as necessary, and economically hedge the net currency risks by entering into offsetting derivatives with established financial institution counterparties. the changes in fair value related to these instruments are recorded in revenues, net in the consolidated statements of income.
refer to the revenue footnote on page 71 of this form 10-k for additional information.
financial instruments-credit losses. our current expected credit loss methodology for measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis, replaces the previous incurred loss impairment methodology. our financial assets subject to credit losses are primarily trade receivables. we utilize a combination of aging and loss-rate methods to develop an estimate of current expected credit losses, depending on the nature and risk profile of the underlying asset pool, based on product, size of customer and historical losses. expected credit losses are estimated based upon an assessment of risk characteristics, historical payment experience, and the age of outstanding receivables, adjusted for forward-looking economic conditions. the allowances for remaining financial assets measured at amortized cost basis are evaluated based on underlying financial condition, credit history, and current and forward-looking economic conditions. the estimation process for expected credit losses includes consideration of qualitative and quantitative risk factors associated with the age of asset balances, expected timing of payment, contract terms and conditions, changes in specific customer risk profiles or mix of customers, geographic risk, economic trends and relevant environmental factors. refer to the financial instruments-credit losses section in the summary of significant accounting policies footnote on page 63 of this form 10-k for additional information.
impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived assets. we complete an impairment test of goodwill at least annually or more frequently if facts or circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. we first perform a qualitative assessment of certain of our reporting units. factors considered in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, sustained decrease in our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test would be required. we then perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test for the applicable reporting units by comparing the reporting unit's carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value which is measured based upon, among other factors, a discounted cash flow analysis and, to a lesser extent, market multiples for comparable companies. estimates critical to our evaluation of goodwill for impairment include forecasts for revenues, net, and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) growth, and long-term growth rates, as well as the discount rates. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized.
we also evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks and trade names) for impairment annually. we test for impairment if events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is below its carrying amount. estimates critical to our evaluation of indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment include the discount rate, royalty rates used in our evaluation of trade names, projected revenue growth and projected long-term growth rates in the determination of terminal values. an impairment loss is recorded if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the estimated fair value on the measurement date.
refer to the impairment of long-lived assets, intangibles and investments section in the summary of significant accounting policies footnote on page 64 of this form 10-k and the goodwill and other intangible assets footnote on page 82 of this form 10-k for additional information.
income taxes. we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. we have elected to treat the global intangible low taxed income (gilti) inclusion as a current period expense.
the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the associated temporary differences become deductible. we evaluate on a quarterly basis whether it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future and conclude whether a valuation allowance must be established.
we account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity's financial statements and prescribe thresholds and measurement attributes for financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. an uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 percent likelihood of being sustained. we include any estimated interest and penalties on tax related matters in income tax expense. refer to the income taxes footnote on page 87 of this form 10-k for additional information.
business combinations. business combinations completed by us have been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the acquired assets and liabilities, including contingencies, be recorded at fair value determined as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed represents goodwill. the results of the acquired businesses are included in our results of operations beginning from the completion date of the transaction.
the estimates we use to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. the estimated fair values of customer-related and contract-based intangible assets are generally determined using the income approach, which is based on projected cash flows discounted to their present value using discount rates that consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash flows. the discount rates used represented a risk adjusted market participant weighted-average cost of capital, derived using customary market metrics. these measures of fair value also require considerable judgments about future events, including forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted customer attrition rates, contract renewal estimates and technology changes. acquired technologies are generally valued using the replacement cost method, which requires us to estimate the costs to construct an asset of equivalent utility at prices available at the time of the valuation analysis, with adjustments in value for physical deterioration and functional and economic obsolescence. trademarks and trade names are generally valued using the "relief-from-royalty" approach. this method assumes that trademarks and trade names have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. this method requires us to estimate the future revenues for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted-average cost of capital. this measure of fair value requires considerable judgment about the value a market participant would be willing to pay in order to achieve the benefits associated with the trade name.
while we use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in our consolidated statements of income. we also estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the period over which to recognize the amount of acquisition-related intangible assets as an expense. certain assets may be considered to have indefinite useful lives. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate. refer to the acquisitions footnote on pages 79 of this form 10-k for additional information and the goodwill and other intangible assets footnote on page 82 of this form 10-k for additional information.
management's use of non-gaap financial measures we have included in the discussion above certain financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with gaap. any analysis of non-gaap financial measures should be used only in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap. below, we define the non-gaap financial measures, provide a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap, and discuss the reasons that we believe this information is useful to management and may be useful to investors.
we have defined the non-gaap measure adjusted net income as net income as reflected in our statement of income, adjusted to eliminate a) non-cash share based compensation expense related to share based compensation awards, (b) amortization of deferred financing costs, discounts, intangible assets and amortization of the premium recognized on the purchase of receivables, (c) integration and deal related costs, and (d) other non-recurring items, including the impact of discrete tax items, impairment charges, asset write-offs, restructuring and related costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, and legal settlements and regulatory-related legal fees.
we have defined the non-gaap measure adjusted net income per diluted share as the calculation previously noted divided by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding as reflected in our statement of income.
we calculate adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. we believe it is useful to exclude non-cash share based compensation expense from adjusted net income because non-cash equity grants made at a certain price and point in time do not necessarily reflect how our business is performing at any particular time and share based compensation expense is not a key measure of our core operating performance. we also believe that amortization expense can vary substantially from company to company and from period to period depending upon their financing and accounting methods, the fair value and average expected life of their acquired intangible assets, their capital structures and the method by which their assets were acquired; therefore, we have excluded amortization expense from our adjusted net income. integration and deal related costs represent business acquisition transaction costs, professional services fees, short-term retention bonuses and system migration costs, etc., that are not indicative of the performance of the underlying business. we also believe that certain expenses, the impact of discrete tax items, impairment charges, asset write-offs, restructuring and related costs, losses on extinguishment of debt, and legal settlements and regulatory-related legal fees do not necessarily reflect how our business is performing. we adjust net income for the tax effect of each of these non-tax items using our effective income tax rate during the period, exclusive of discrete tax items. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are supplemental measures of operating performance that do not represent and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, net income per diluted share or cash flow from operations, as determined by gaap. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are not intended to be a substitute for gaap financial measures, and our calculation thereof may not be comparable to that reported by other companies.
organic revenue growth is calculated as revenue growth in the current period adjusted for the impact of changes in the macroeconomic environment (to include fuel price, fuel price spreads and changes in foreign exchange rates) over revenue in the comparable prior period adjusted to include or remove the impact of acquisitions and/or divestitures and non-recurring items that have occurred subsequent to that period. we believe that organic revenue growth on a macro-neutral and consistent acquisition/divestiture/non-recurring item basis is useful to investors for understanding the performance of fleetcor.
management uses adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and organic revenue growth:
as measurements of operating performance because they assist us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis;
for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget;
to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business; and
to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies.
reconciliation of non-gaap revenue and key performance metric by solution to gaap. set forth below is a reconciliation of organic growth by component, calculated using pro forma and macro adjusted revenue and transactions to the most directly comparable gaap measure, revenue, net and transactions (in millions):
revenue                                    key performance indicators year ended december 31,*                                      year ended december 31,*
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (2)                                 -                               (6)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             141                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (24)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (64)                                -                          (11,678)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               2                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (26)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                          16                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (55)                                -                               (4)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (2)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (4)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (8)                       -                                   -                                 -
fleetcor consolidated revenues pro forma and macro adjusted                          $3,332                       $2,956                                              intentionally left blank impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (122)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             143                       -
impact of foreign exchange rates2                       (47)                       -
1 other includes telematics, maintenance, food, payroll card and transportation related businesses.
2 revenues reflect an estimated $99 million positive impact from fuel prices and approximately $43 million positive impact from fuel price spreads, partially offset by the negative impact of movements in foreign exchange rates of approximately $47 million.
reconciliation of non-gaap organic growth by segment to gaap. set forth below is a reconciliation of organic growth by segment, calculated using pro forma and macro adjusted revenue to the most directly comparable gaap measure, revenue, net and transactions (in millions):
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                             (2)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             141                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (35)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                            (64)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               2                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (26)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                            (55)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (2)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                               -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                          19                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                               -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (4)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                           (122)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             143                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (47)                               -
1 other includes gift and payroll card operating segments.
reconciliation of non-gaap measures. set forth below is a reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to the most directly comparable gaap measure, net income and net income per diluted share (in thousands, except per share amounts)*:
loss on extinguishment of debt                                      1,934                              16,194
total pre-tax adjustments                                         393,006                             346,013
2 includes $9 million adjustment for tax benefit of certain income determined to be permanently invested in q2 2022.