item 1a.   risk factors.
the following risks are considered material to john deere's business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. this discussion of risk factors should be considered closely in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, including the risks and uncertainties described in the forward-looking statements, and the notes to consolidated financial statements. these risk factors and other forward-looking statements relate to future events, expectations, trends, and operating periods, and involve certain factors that are subject to change and important risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. some of these risks and uncertainties could affect particular lines of business, while others could affect all the company's businesses. although the risks are organized by headings and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. the risks described in this annual report on form 10-k and the "forward-looking statements" in this report are not the only risks faced by the company.
strategic risks international, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies (particularly those related to or restricting global trade) and government farm programs and policies could significantly impair john deere's profitability and growth prospects.
international, national, and regional laws, regulations, and policies directly or indirectly related to or restricting the import and export of john deere's products, services, and technology, or those of our customers, including protectionist policies in particular jurisdictions, or for the benefit of favored industries or sectors, could harm john deere's global business. john deere's profitability and growth prospects are tied directly to the global marketplace. restricted access to global markets impairs john deere's ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations around the world and limits the ability to access raw materials and high-quality parts and components at competitive prices on a timely basis. trade restrictions, including withdrawal from or modification of existing trade agreements, negotiation of new trade agreements, non-tariff trade barriers, local content requirements, and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries or covering certain products, including developments in u.s.-china trade relations and sanctions against russia, have limited, and could continue to limit, john deere's ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets and impair john deere's ability to expand the business. these trade restrictions, and changes in, or uncertainty surrounding, global trade policies, may affect john deere's competitive position. policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices or those limiting the export or import of commodities could have a material adverse effect on the international flow of agricultural and other commodities that may result in a corresponding negative effect on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment in many areas of the world. john deere's agricultural equipment sales could be especially harmed by such policies because farm income strongly influences sales of agricultural equipment around the world. furthermore, trade restrictions could impede those in developing countries from achieving a higher standard of living, which could negatively impact john deere's future growth opportunities arising from increasing global demand for food, fuel, and infrastructure. additionally, changes in government farm programs and policies, including direct payment and other subsidies, can significantly influence demand for agricultural equipment as well as create unequal competition for multinational companies relative to domestic companies.
greater political, economic, and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of john deere's competition, customer base, and product offerings and impact john deere's growth opportunities globally.
john deere's efforts to grow its businesses depend in part upon access to additional geographic markets, including, but not limited to, argentina, brazil, china, india, and south africa, and its success in developing market share and operating profitably in such markets. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, and differing local customer product preferences and requirements than john deere's other markets. having business operations in various regions and countries exposes john deere to multiple and potentially conflicting business practices, and legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and are often complex and difficult to navigate, including those related to tariffs and trade regulations, investments, property ownership rights, taxation, repatriation of earnings, and advanced technologies. expanding business operations globally also increases exposure to currency fluctuations, which can materially affect the company's financial results. while john deere maintains a positive corporate image and its brands are widely recognized and valued in its traditional markets, the brands are less known in some emerging markets, which could impede john deere's efforts to successfully compete in these markets.
in addition, changing u.s. export controls and sanctions on china, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving china and chinese parties, could affect john deere's ability to collect receivables, provide aftermarket warranty support for john deere equipment, sell products, and otherwise impact john deere's reputation and business.
the conflict between russia and ukraine could adversely impact our business and financial results.
on february 24, 2022, john deere suspended shipments of machines and service parts to russia and belarus. after assessing the impact of the russia and ukraine conflict on our operations within russia, our senior management in the u.s. decided to initiate a voluntary employee-separation program, which reduced overall headcount in russia. we may further reduce or discontinue operations in russia depending on the continued evolution of the conflict, monetary, currency or payment controls, restrictions on access to financial institutions, supply and transportation challenges, sanctions and export controls and counter-sanctions, or other circumstances and considerations. our u.s. senior management continues to closely monitor all risks to john deere operations in the region. the broader consequences of the russia and ukraine conflict such as, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shift, access to natural gas, higher energy prices, potential retaliatory action by the russian government, including nationalization of foreign businesses, increased tensions between the u.s. and countries in which we operate, and the extent of the conflict's effect on the global economy, cannot be predicted, including the extent to which the conflict may heighten other risks disclosed herein. ultimately, these or other factors could result in further loss or write-downs of other operating assets and working capital.
negative economic conditions and outlook can materially weaken demand for john deere's equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs.
the demand for john deere's products and services can be significantly reduced in an economic environment characterized by high unemployment, rising interest rates, cautious consumer spending, changes in consumer practices due to a possible recession, lower corporate earnings, and lower business investment. negative or uncertain economic conditions that cause john deere's customers to lack confidence in the general economic outlook can significantly reduce their likelihood of purchasing john deere's equipment. the covid pandemic, geopolitical instability, including the conflict between russia and ukraine, and other global events have significantly increased economic and demand uncertainty. some of the results of these events include supply chain challenges, inflation, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, and volatility in global capital markets. supply chain challenges, including delays caused by shortages of raw materials, shipping containers and labor, have increased production costs and reduced our profit margins. additionally, the cost of raw materials used in john deere's products and the cost of freight have increased due to heightened inflation. these adverse economic events have and may continue to adversely affect john deere's operations.
sustained negative economic conditions and outlook also affect housing starts, energy prices and demand, and other construction, which dampens demand for certain construction equipment. john deere's turf operations and its construction and forestry segments are dependent on construction activity and have also been affected by recent adverse economic conditions. in fiscal 2022, supply constraints, shortage of turf inventory, and softening customer demand have affected our production and sales of consumer products within these segments. decreases in construction activity and housing starts could have a material adverse effect on john deere's results of operations.
if negative economic conditions affect the overall farm economy, there could be a similar effect on john deere's agricultural equipment sales. in addition, uncertain or negative outlook with respect to pervasive u.s. fiscal issues as well as general economic conditions and outlook, such as market volatility and continued interest rate increases by the federal reserve, have caused and could continue to cause significant changes in market liquidity conditions. such changes could impact access to funding and associated funding costs, which could reduce the company's earnings and cash flows. additionally, the company's investment management activities could be adversely affected by changes in the equity and bond markets, including the recent volatility of the united kingdom's bond market, which would negatively affect earnings.
changing worldwide demand for food and different forms of bio-energy could affect the price of farm commodities and consequently the demand for certain john deere equipment and could also result in higher research and development costs related to changing machine fuel requirements.
changing worldwide demand for farm outputs to meet the world's growing food and bio-energy demands, driven in part by government policies, including those related to climate change, and a growing world population, are likely to result in fluctuating agricultural commodity prices, which directly affect sales of agricultural equipment. lower agricultural commodity prices directly affect farm incomes, which could negatively affect sales of agricultural equipment and result in higher credit losses. while higher commodity prices benefit john deere's crop-producing agricultural equipment customers, higher commodity prices also could result in greater feed costs for livestock and poultry producers, which in turn may result in lower levels of equipment purchased by these customers. furthermore, changing bio-energy demands may cause farmers to change the types or quantities of the crops they raise, with corresponding changes in equipment demands. finally, changes in governmental policies regulating bio-fuel utilization could affect commodity demand and commodity prices, demand for john deere's diesel-fueled equipment, and result in higher research and development costs related to equipment fuel standards.
john deere may not realize the anticipated benefits of its smart industrial operating model and leap ambitions.
john deere's failure to realize the anticipated benefits of its smart industrial operating model and related business strategies in production systems, precision technologies, and aftermarket support could adversely affect the company's results of operations and financial condition. several factors could impact john deere's ability to successfully execute the smart industrial operating model, including, among other things, failure to accurately assess market opportunity and the technology required to address such opportunity; failure to develop and introduce new technologies or lack of adoption of such technologies by john deere's customers; and failure to holistically execute lifecycle solutions. in addition, if the company is unable to optimize its capital allocation in connection with the operating model, it may not be able to realize the full benefits, which could have an adverse effect on the company's financial condition or results of operations.
similarly, john deere may not realize the anticipated benefits of its leap ambitions and related goals in the expected timeline, or at all. as part of its leap ambitions framework, john deere adopted various goals that it expects to achieve by 2026 or 2030, as applicable. john deere may not be able to achieve these goals for a number of reasons, some of which may be out of its control. for example, john deere's estimates and assumptions related to efficiency of our products and the adoption of precision technology may not be accurate; certain materials, such as quality battery cells, may become unavailable or too costly; or infrastructure required to achieve our goals, such as sufficient charging stations, may become too costly or may not occur on the expected timeline. the actual or perceived failure to achieve our leap ambitions could negatively impact our ability to execute the smart industrial operating model, and could harm our reputation and our business.
john deere may not realize all anticipated benefits of acquisitions, joint ventures, and divestitures, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected.
from time to time, john deere makes strategic acquisitions and divestitures and participates in joint ventures. in an effort to enhance its smart industrial operating model by adding technology and talent, during fiscal year 2022, the company acquired majority ownership in kreisel electric inc., which designs and manufactures high-durability battery packs and high-powered charging stations; a 40 percent equity method investment in guss automation llc, a producer of semi-autonomous orchard and vineyard sprayers; and lgt, llc (light), which specializes in depth sensing and camera-based perception for autonomous vehicles.
acquisitions and joint ventures that john deere has entered, or may enter in the future, may involve significant challenges and risks, including that the acquisitions or joint ventures do not advance john deere's business strategy or fail to produce satisfactory returns on investment. john deere may encounter difficulties in integrating acquisitions with its operations, applying internal control processes to these acquisitions, managing strategic investments, and assimilating new capabilities to meet the future needs of john deere's businesses. integrating acquisitions is often costly and may require significant attention from management. furthermore, john deere may not realize all the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, or the realized benefits may be significantly delayed. while our evaluation of any potential transaction includes business, legal, and financial due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating the material risks involved, these due diligence reviews may not identify all of the issues necessary to accurately estimate the cost and potential risks of a particular acquisition or joint venture, including potential exposure to regulatory sanctions resulting from an acquisition target's or joint venture partner's previous activities or costs associated with any quality issues with an acquisition target's or joint venture's products or services.
john deere may decide to divest businesses if it determines any such divestiture is in the best interests of its shareholders, and joint ventures may be terminated at or before their stated expiration, such as the joint venture between the company and hitachi, which the company agreed to voluntarily terminate in fiscal 2021. divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may involve significant challenges and risks, including failure to advance our business strategy, costs or disruptions to john deere, and negative effects on john deere's product offerings, which may adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition. divestitures of businesses or dissolutions of joint ventures may result in ongoing financial or legal involvement in the divested business through indemnifications or other financial arrangements, such as retained liabilities, which could affect the company's future financial results.
john deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its business results.
john deere's ability to match new product offerings to diverse global customers' anticipated preferences for different types and sizes of equipment and various equipment features and functionality, at affordable prices, is critical to its success. this requires a thorough understanding of john deere's existing and potential customers on a global basis, particularly in growth markets such as argentina, brazil, and india. failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on john deere's business.
customer preferences in the markets served by john deere could change as these markets transition to less carbon-intensive business models. ongoing social and regulatory focus on sustainability and the impact of policies and consumer preferences on the construction, forestry, and agriculture industries mean that change is imminent. as regulations and social pressure drive change, john deere must be proactive in monitoring trends and developing alternatives and enhancements that complement our product offerings. for example, the company may be unable to keep up with the rising demand for electric agriculture, turf, and construction equipment.
the development of alternative farming techniques, carbon sequestration technologies, and new low-carbon biofuels, could change farmers' business models and equipment needs. if john deere fails to properly develop or invest in new technologies to meet changing customer demands, john deere will be at risk of losing potential sources of revenue, which could affect the company's future financial results.
the inability to accurately forecast customer demand for products and services, and to adequately manage inventory, could adversely affect our operating results.
to ensure adequate inventory supply, john deere must forecast inventory needs and expenses and place orders sufficiently in advance with suppliers and contract manufacturers. these forecasts are based on estimates of future demand for particular products and services. failure to accurately forecast our needs may result in unmet market demand, parts shortages, manufacturing delays, increased costs, or excess inventory. in response to recent supply chain constraints, john deere has worked with suppliers to ensure optimum inventory levels. john deere's ability to accurately forecast demand could be affected by many factors, including changes in customer demand for john deere's products and services, changes in demand for the products and services of competitors, unanticipated changes in general market conditions, and the weakening of economic conditions or customer confidence in future economic conditions. if the forecasts used to manage inventory are not accurate, john deere has in the past and may in the future experience excess inventory levels, shortage of available products, or reduced manufacturing efficiencies.
if john deere is unable to deliver precision technology and agricultural solutions to its customers, it could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
john deere's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. to create and maintain a competitive differentiation through precision technology solutions, john deere needs to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for customers through the production systems. john deere may make significant investments in research and development, connectivity solutions, data security for precision technology solutions, and employee training. these investments may not produce solutions that provide the desired results for customers' profitability or sustainability outcomes. if john deere is not able to deliver precision technology solutions with differentiated features and functionality, customers may not adopt technology solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's reputation and business.
changes to or reallocation of radio frequency (rf) bands could disrupt or degrade the reliability of john deere's high precision augmented global positioning system (gps) or other rf technology, which could impair john deere's ability to develop and market gps- and rf-based technology solutions as well as significantly reduce agricultural and construction customers' profitability.
john deere's current and planned integrated agricultural business and equipment management systems, as well as its fleet management telematics solutions for construction equipment, depend upon the use of rf signals. these signals include, but are not limited to, gps signals, other gps-like satellite signals, augmented gps services, and other rf technologies that link equipment, operations, owners, dealers, and technicians. these radio services depend on frequency allocations governed by international and national government agencies. any international or national reallocation of frequency bands, including frequency bands segmentation and band spectrum sharing, or other modifications concerning the regulation of frequency bands, could significantly disrupt or degrade the utility and reliability of john deere's gps-based products, which could negatively affect john deere's ability to develop and market gps-based technology solutions. for john deere's agricultural customers, the inability to use high-precision augmented gps signals or other rf signals could result in lower crop yields and higher equipment maintenance, seed, fertilizer, fuel, and wage costs. for construction customers, disrupting gps or rf applications could result in higher fuel and equipment maintenance costs, as well as lower construction design and project management efficiencies. these cost increases could significantly reduce customers' profitability and demand for john deere products.
john deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
john deere operates in a variety of highly competitive global and regional markets. john deere competes worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. in addition, john deere's industry is attracting non-traditional competitors, including technology-focused companies and start-up ventures. john deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service, and price. aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, or john deere's failure to price its products competitively could adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
john deere relies on a network of independent dealers to manage the distribution of its products. if dealers are unsuccessful with their sales and business operations, it could have an adverse effect on overall sales and revenue.
john deere relies on the capability of its dealers to develop and implement effective sales plans to create demand among purchasers for the equipment and related products and services that the dealers purchase from john deere. if john deere's dealers are not successful in these endeavors, then john deere will be unable to grow its sales and revenue, which would have an adverse effect on its financial condition. in addition, the dealer channel's ability to support and service precision technology solutions and emerging power solutions may affect customers' acceptance and adoption rates of these products.
dealers may have trouble funding their day-to-day cash flow needs and paying their obligations due to adverse business conditions resulting from negative economic effects or other factors. dealers may exit or john deere may seek to terminate relationships with certain dealers if they are unable to meet customer needs. the unplanned loss of any john deere dealers could lead to inadequate market coverage, negative customer impressions of john deere, and may adversely impact john deere's ability to collect receivables that are associated with that dealer.
environmental, climate, and weather risks unfavorable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment could directly and indirectly affect john deere's business.
poor or unusual weather conditions, particularly during the planting and early growing season, can significantly affect the purchasing decisions of john deere's customers, particularly the purchasers of agriculture and turf equipment. the timing and quantity of rainfall are two of the most important factors in agricultural production. insufficient levels of rain prevent farmers from planting new crops and may cause growing crops to die or result in lower yields. excessive rain or flooding can prevent planting from occurring at optimal times and may cause crop loss through increased disease or mold growth. temperature affects the rate of growth, maturity, and quality of crops. temperatures outside normal ranges can also cause crop failure or decreased yields and may also affect disease incidence. natural calamities such as regional floods, hurricanes or other storms, droughts, diseases, and pests, either as a physical effect of climate change or otherwise, have had and could in the future have significant negative effects on agricultural and livestock production. the resulting negative impact on farm income can strongly affect demand for agricultural equipment and the financial condition and credit risk of john deere's dealers and customers. adverse weather conditions in a particular geographic region, particularly during the important spring selling season, may adversely affect sales of some turf equipment. drought conditions can adversely affect sales of certain mowing equipment and unusually rainy weather can similarly cause lower sales volumes.
governmental actions designed to address climate change and the emergence of new technologies and business models in connection with the transition to a lower-carbon economy could adversely affect john deere and its customers.
there is global scientific consensus that greenhouse gas (ghg) emissions continue to alter the composition of earth's atmosphere in ways that are affecting and are expected to continue to affect the global climate. these considerations have led to new international, national, regional, and local legislative and regulatory responses. various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders, and non-governmental organizations, as well as companies in many business sectors, including john deere, are continuing to look for ways to reduce ghg emissions. the regulation of ghg emissions from certain stationary or mobile sources or the imposition of carbon pricing mechanisms could result in additional costs to john deere in the form of taxes or emission allowances, required facilities improvements, and increased energy costs, which would increase john deere's operating costs through higher utility, transportation, and materials costs. increased input costs, such as fuel and fertilizer, and compliance-related costs could also affect customer operations and demand for john deere equipment. john deere's financial services is subject to additional international and national european regulations relating to climate and environmental risk, which are continually evolving and could affect the lending operations and climate-risk processes developed by john deere's financial services. regulators in europe and the u.s. have also focused efforts on increased disclosure related to climate change and mitigation efforts. the sec has included in its regulatory agenda potential rulemaking on climate change disclosures that, if adopted, could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity.
increasingly stringent engine emission regulations or bans on internal combustion engines could impact john deere's ability to manufacture and distribute certain engines or equipment, which could negatively affect business results.
john deere's equipment operations must meet increasingly stringent engine emission reduction regulations throughout the world, including the european union's stage v standard which limits the amount of harmful substances in exhaust gases that off-road engines can emit into the environment. in addition, governmental agencies throughout the world are enacting more stringent laws and regulations to reduce off-road engine emissions. these laws and regulations are applicable to engines manufactured by john deere, including those used in john deere agriculture and construction and forestry equipment. john deere has incurred and continues to incur substantial research and development costs related to the implementation of these more rigorous laws and regulations. while john deere has developed and is executing comprehensive plans to meet these requirements, these plans are subject to many variables that could delay or otherwise affect john deere's ability to manufacture and distribute certain equipment or engines, which could negatively impact business results. additionally, in certain locations governments have banned or may in the future ban internal combustion engines for some types of products completely. to the extent these bans affect products manufactured and sold by john deere, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be negatively affected.
financial risks sustained increases in funding obligations under the company's pension plans may impair the company's liquidity or financial condition.
the company maintains certain defined benefit pension plans for certain employees, which impose funding obligations. the company uses many assumptions in calculating its future payment obligations under these plans. significant adverse changes in credit or market conditions could result in actual rates of return on pension investments being lower than expected. the company may be required to make significant contributions to its pension plans in the future. these factors could significantly increase the company's payment obligations under the plans and adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.
changes in government banking, monetary, and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on john deere.
policies of the u.s. and other governments regarding banking, monetary, and fiscal policies intended to promote or maintain liquidity, stabilize financial markets, and/or address local deficit or structural economic issues may not be effective and could have a material impact on john deere's customers and markets. john deere's operations and results could also be affected by financial regulatory reform that could, among other things, have an adverse effect on the financial services segment and on john deere's customers by limiting their ability to enter into hedging transactions or to finance purchases of john deere products. government policies on spending can also affect john deere, especially the construction and forestry segment, due to the impact of government spending on infrastructure development. john deere's operations, including those outside of the united states, may also be affected by non-u.s. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-u.s. financial institutions and markets.
changes in tax rates, tax legislation, or exposure to additional tax liabilities could have a negative effect on john deere.
john deere is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. john deere's domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. john deere's effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretations. if john deere's effective tax rates were to increase, or if the ultimate determination of taxes owed is for an amount more than amounts previously accrued, john deere's operating results, cash flows, and financial condition could be adversely affected.
the company's consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars while certain assets and other reported items are denominated in the currencies of other countries, creating currency exchange and translation risk.
john deere operates in many areas of the world, involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. john deere is subject to currency exchange risk to the extent that its costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which john deere earns revenues.
additionally, the reporting currency for the company's consolidated financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of john deere's assets, liabilities, expenses, and revenues are denominated in other countries' currencies, which are then translated into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates in the company's reported consolidated financial statements. therefore, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates affect the value of those items as reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements, even if their value remains unchanged in their original currencies. while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego any benefits that may result from favorable fluctuations in such rates.
because john deere's equipment operations and financial services segment are subject to interest rate risks, changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment, adversely affect interest margins, and limit access to capital markets while increasing borrowing costs.
rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of john deere's customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for john deere equipment and customers' ability to repay obligations to john deere. in response to increasing inflation, the u.s. federal reserve began to raise interest rates in march 2022 for the first time in over three years, and has signaled it expects to make additional rate increases. rising interest rates could cause credit market dislocations, which could have an impact on funding costs, which are important to the financial services segment because such costs affect the segment's ability to offer customers competitive financing rates. while the company strives to match the interest rate characteristics of its financial assets and liabilities, changing interest rates could have an adverse effect on the company's net interest rate margin-the difference between the yield the company earns on its assets and the interest rates the company pays for funding, which could in turn affect the company's net interest income and earnings.
in addition, actions by credit rating agencies, such as downgrades or negative changes to ratings outlooks, can affect the availability and cost of funding for the company and can increase the company's cost of capital and hurt its competitive position.
further, due to the cessation of the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), the company has entered into financial transactions such as credit agreements, receivables, derivatives, and notes that use the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr") or the sterling overnight index average ("sonia") as interest rate benchmarks. sofr and sonia are calculated differently from libor and have inherent differences, which could give rise to uncertainties, including the limited historical data and volatility in the benchmark rates. the full effects of the transition to sofr, sonia, or other rates remain uncertain.
because the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of john deere's sales worldwide, negative economic conditions in the financial industry could materially impact john deere's operations and financial results.
negative economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the financial industry in which the financial services segment operates. the financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of john deere's sales worldwide. the financial services segment is exposed to the risk that customers and others will default on contractual obligations and may experience credit losses that exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. the financial services segment's inability to access funds at cost-effective rates to support its financing activities could have a material adverse effect on john deere's business. the financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities. additionally, negative market conditions could reduce customer confidence levels, resulting in declines in credit applications and increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could materially impact the financial services segment's write-offs and provision for credit losses. the financial services segment may also experience residual value losses that exceed its expectations caused by lower pricing for used equipment and higher-than-expected equipment returns at lease maturity.
manufacturing and operational risks changes in the availability and price of certain raw materials, components, and whole goods have resulted and could continue to result in significant disruptions to the supply chain causing production disruptions, increased costs, and lower profits on sales of john deere products.
john deere requires access to various raw materials, components, and whole goods at competitive prices to manufacture and distribute its products. the price and availability of these materials have varied significantly in the last 24 months and are expected to continue to fluctuate due to inflation, geopolitical and economic uncertainty, and regulatory and policy instability, including import tariffs and trade agreements. the latter have the potential to significantly increase production and logistics costs and have a material negative effect on the profitability of the business, particularly if john deere is unable to recover the increased costs due to market considerations or other factors. john deere relies on suppliers to acquire raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture its products. significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole goods has and could continue to adversely affect john deere's ability to meet commitments to customers. during fiscal 2022, the supply chain challenges in combination with demand for john deere's products resulted in a heavier back-end loaded year for industry retail orders. as the result of the covid pandemic, geopolitical instability, and other global events, john deere has experienced changes in the availability and prices of these raw materials, components, whole goods, and freight. global logistics network challenges include shortages of shipping containers, ocean freight capacity constraints, international port delays, trucking and chassis shortages, and railway and airfreight capacity, which have resulted in delays, shortages of key manufacturing components, increased order backlogs, increased transportation costs, and production inefficiencies from a higher number of partially completed machines in inventory, which increased the company's overall production and overhead costs. increases in such costs have had an adverse effect on john deere's business operations.
in an effort to mitigate raw material shortages and supply chain constraints, john deere has increased the list price of its products and worked with suppliers to ensure optimum inventory levels. however, if customers are unwilling to accept price increases in john deere products or john deere is unable to offset the increase in costs, raw material shortages could have an adverse effect on john deere's operations. continued or increased fluctuations in costs of materials or inflation generally and continued supply chain challenges could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and financial condition.
certain materials and components used in john deere's products are acquired from a single supplier or are proprietary in nature and cannot be alternatively sourced expeditiously. as discussed under item 1, "business - construction and forestry," the company agreed to voluntarily terminate its joint venture agreement with hitachi in a transaction that closed in the first half of fiscal 2022. in connection with this termination, john deere construction & forestry company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, has entered into a supply agreement with hitachi pursuant to which hitachi will continue to provide john deere-branded excavators, components, and service parts. any delay or failure by hitachi to deliver these supplies, or failure by hitachi to produce such supplies in a manner that meets john deere's quality and quantity requirements, could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, cash flow, and financial condition or its ability to meet commitments to its customers.
disputes with labor unions have adversely affected john deere's ability to operate its facilities as well as its financial results.
many of john deere's production and maintenance employees are represented by labor unions under various collective bargaining agreements with different expiration dates. the failure of john deere to successfully renegotiate labor agreements as they expire has from time to time led, and could in the future lead, to work stoppages or other disputes with labor unions. disruptions to john deere's manufacturing and parts-distribution facilities, through various forms of labor disputes, adversely affect the company. on october 14, 2021, the uaw initiated a labor strike affecting more than 10,000 workers at 14 john deere facilities across the u.s. the strike ended after a new collective bargaining agreement was approved on november 17, 2021. the uaw strike had an adverse effect on john deere's results of operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2022 because of reduced production and shipments. any strike, work stoppage, or other dispute with a labor union distracts management from operating the business, may displace employees from ordinary job positions to fill in vacant positions, may affect john deere's reputation, and could materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations, and financial condition.
resources risks john deere's ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees could affect its ability to execute its strategy.
john deere's continued success depends, in part, on its ability to identify and attract qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience as well as its ability to develop, engage, and retain qualified employees. failure to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, whether as a result of an insufficient number of qualified applicants, difficulty in recruiting new employees, or inadequate resources to train, integrate, and retain qualified employees, could impair john deere's ability to execute its business strategy and could adversely affect john deere's business. in addition, while john deere strives to reduce the impact of the departure of employees, john deere's operations or ability to execute its business strategy and meet its business objectives may be affected by the loss of employees, particularly when departures involve larger numbers of employees, such as those john deere could experience if a surge occurs in the number of employees voluntarily leaving their jobs. higher rates of employee separations may adversely affect john deere through decreased employee morale, the loss of knowledge of departing employees, and the devotion of resources to recruiting and onboarding new employees.
security breaches and other disruptions to john deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with john deere's operations and could compromise the information of john deere as well as its customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing john deere to liability that could cause john deere's business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, john deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of john deere equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. john deere uses information technology systems to record, process, and summarize financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting, legal, and tax requirements. additionally, john deere collects and stores sensitive data, including intellectual property, proprietary business information, and the proprietary business information of john deere's customers, suppliers, and dealers, as well as personally identifiable information of john deere's customers and employees, in data centers, which are often owned by third parties, and on information technology networks. the secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to john deere's business operations and strategy. despite security measures, including a vulnerability disclosure program, and business continuity plans, john deere's information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to intrusion, damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals, employee, supplier, or dealer error or malfeasance, supply chain compromise, disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware or other malware, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters, or other events. although john deere has not suffered any significant cyber incidents that resulted in material business impact, we have from time to time been the target of malicious cyber threat actors. the occurrence of any significant event could compromise john deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, obtained, publicly disclosed, lost, altered, misused, or stolen. any such access, disclosure, alteration, misuse or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, government investigations, liability or regulatory penalties, disruption to john deere's operations, and damage to john deere's reputation, which could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition. in addition, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, john deere may need to invest additional resources to protect information security.
security breaches with respect to john deere's products could interfere with the business of john deere, its dealers, and/or customers, exposing john deere to liability that would cause its business and reputation to suffer.
some of john deere's products include connectivity hardware and software typically used for remote system updates. while john deere has implemented security measures intended to protect against unauthorized remote access to its products, third party security researchers and malicious threat actors, have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to such products in order to gain control of the products, change the products' functionality, user interface, or performance characteristics, interfere with the products' operations, or gain access to data stored in or generated by the products or to systems to which they connect. in addition, reports of unauthorized access to john deere's products, systems, and data, regardless of their veracity, may result in the perception that the products, systems, or data are vulnerable to malicious or unauthorized modifications. any unauthorized access to or control of john deere products or systems, any loss of data, or any perception that products, systems, or data are vulnerable could result in legal claims or proceedings against john deere, government investigations, liability or regulatory penalties, which could adversely affect john deere's business, results of operations, and financial condition.
the potential loss of john deere intellectual property through trade secret theft, infringement of patents, trademark counterfeitings, or other loss of rights to exclusive use of john deere intellectual property, could have a material adverse effect on the company. infringement of the intellectual property rights of others by john deere could also have a material adverse effect on the company.
john deere relies on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws, and confidentiality agreements to protect its intellectual property rights. john deere heavily relies on certain trademarks that contribute to john deere's identity and the recognition of its products and services, including but not limited to the "john deere" mark, the leaping deer logo, the "nothing runs like a deere" slogan, the prefix "jd" associated with many products, and the green and yellow color combination. these trademarks, as well as the many patents used in our products, are integral to the john deere business, and their loss could have a material adverse effect on the company.
additionally, third parties may initiate litigation to challenge the validity of john deere's patents or allege that john deere infringes their patents or proprietary rights. john deere may incur substantial costs if its competitors or other third parties initiate such litigation, or if john deere initiates any proceedings to protect its proprietary rights. if the outcome of any such litigation is unfavorable to john deere, our business could be adversely affected.
legal and compliance risks john deere's global operations are subject to complex and changing laws and regulations, the violation of which could expose john deere to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse effects.
john deere's global operations are subject to numerous international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently changing, and subject to varying interpretations. these laws and regulations cover a broad spectrum of subject areas, including advertising; anti-money laundering; antitrust; consumer finance; environmental, climate-related, health, and safety; foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions; foreign ownership and investment; import/export and trade; human rights, labor, and employment; product liability; and telematics and data privacy and connectivity. these laws may vary substantially within the different markets in which john deere operates. compliance with these laws and regulations is costly and may further increase the cost of conducting john deere's global operations. in addition, john deere must comply with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and all applicable foreign anti-corruption laws, including the u.k. bribery act, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence government officials or private individuals for the purpose of obtaining or retaining a business advantage, regardless of whether those practices are culturally expected in a particular jurisdiction. although john deere has a compliance program in place designed to reduce the likelihood of potential violations of such laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that john deere's employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or john deere's policies and procedures. violations of these laws and regulations could result in criminal or civil sanctions and have a material adverse effect on john deere's reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition.
changes to existing laws and regulations or changes to how they are interpreted or the implementation of new, more stringent laws or regulations could adversely affect john deere's business by increasing compliance costs, limiting john deere's ability to offer a product or service, requiring changes to john deere's business practices, or otherwise making john deere's products and services less attractive to customers. for example, so-called "right to repair" legislation proposals in certain states and at the federal level in the u.s. could require john deere to provide access to the software code embedded in its products, which, among other harmful consequences, could result in product safety issues, compromise engine emissions and performance controls, adversely affect the protection of john deere's intellectual property rights, and discourage innovation and investments in research and development. legislative and regulatory changes and other actions that could potentially affect john deere's business may be announced with little or no advance notice and john deere may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse effects from such measures.
john deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection, and any inability or perceived inability of john deere to address these requirements could adversely affect our business.
the legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. john deere collects personal information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. this data is subject to a variety of u.s. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the european union, china, canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where john deere conducts business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. the european union general data protection regulation, the california consumer privacy act, and the china personal information protection law, among others, impose stringent data protection requirements and provide significant penalties for noncompliance. new privacy laws will continue to come into effect around the world in the future. any inability or perceived inability to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations (including at newly acquired companies) could result in additional cost and liability to the company or company officials, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect our business.
legal proceedings and disputes in which john deere is, and may in the future, be involved could harm the company's business, financial condition, reputation, and brand.
john deere is subject to a variety of legal proceedings and legal compliance risks around the world. john deere faces risks of exposure to various types of claims, lawsuits, and government inquires or investigations in the ordinary course of business. the uncertainty associated with substantial unresolved claims and lawsuits may harm john deere's business, financial condition, reputation, and brand. the defense of lawsuits and government inquiries or investigations has resulted and may result in the expenditures of significant financial resources and the diversion of management's time and attention away from business operations. such legal proceedings may also affect our assessment and estimates of loss contingencies recorded as a reserve and require us to make payments exceeding our reserves. in addition to the ordinary course of business proceedings, john deere is currently subject to a series of antitrust class action lawsuits alleging that it is unlawfully monopolizing the market for repair services for its agricultural equipment. if these lawsuits result in adverse findings for john deere, we could be exposed to damages and may be required to implement actions impacting our business model.
general risks john deere's reputation and brand could be damaged by negative publicity.
john deere's brand has worldwide recognition and significantly contributes to the success of its business. john deere's reputation is critical to growing its customer base. john deere's brand depends on the ability to maintain a positive customer perception of the business, including the core values of integrity, quality, innovation, and commitment. negative claims or publicity involving john deere, its products or services, its culture and values, customer data, or any of its key employees or suppliers, could damage john deere's reputation and brand image, regardless of whether such claims are accurate. damage to john deere's reputation could adversely impact the ability to attract new and maintain existing customers, employees, dealers, and business relationships.
additionally, negative or inaccurate postings, articles, or comments on social media and the internet about john deere could generate negative publicity that could damage the reputation of the brand or john deere.
further, adverse publicity about regulatory or legal action against john deere, or by john deere, could also damage the reputation and brand image, undermine customer confidence, and reduce long-term demand for equipment, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to john deere's operations. if the reputation, culture or image of john deere's brands are damaged, or john deere receives negative publicity, then the company's sales, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
unexpected events have and may in the future increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations.
the occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics (such as the covid pandemic), civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other forms of severe weather in the united states or in other countries in which john deere operates, or in which john deere suppliers are located, have and could in the future adversely affect the company's operations and financial performance. such events have and could cause complete or partial closure of one or more of john deere manufacturing facilities or distribution centers, temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of component products from some local and international suppliers, and disruption and delay in the transport of products to dealers, end-users, and distribution centers. existing insurance coverage may not provide protection from all the costs that may arise from such events.
the potential physical impacts of climate change on john deere's facilities, suppliers, and customers, and therefore on john deere's operations, are highly uncertain and will be particular to the circumstances developing in various geographic regions. these potential physical effects may adversely affect the demand for john deere's products and the cost, production, sales, and financial performance of john deere's operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
see the information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis."