item 1a.    risk factors an investment in the company's common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. the company seeks to identify, manage and mitigate risks to our business, but uncertainties and risks are difficult to predict and many are outside of the company's control and cannot therefore be eliminated. in addition to the other information in this report and the company's other filings with the sec, investors should consider carefully the factors set forth below. investors should be aware that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and that the following is not meant to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. if known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected, potentially in a material way.
risks related to our business, industry and operations the company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings.
the company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets. the company's businesses compete with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, intellectual property rights, product performance, real or perceived product advantages, pricing and availability and rate of reimbursement. the company also competes with other market participants in securing rights to acquisitions, collaborations and licensing agreements with third parties. competition for rights to product candidates and technologies may result in significant investment and acquisition costs and onerous agreement terms for the company. competitors' development of more effective or less costly products, and/or their ability to secure patent and other intellectual property rights and successfully market products ahead of the company, could negatively impact sales of the company's existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market despite significant prior investment in the related product development.
for the company's pharmaceutical businesses, loss of patent exclusivity for a product often is followed by a substantial reduction in sales as competitors gain regulatory approval for generic and other competing products and enter the market. similar competition can be triggered by the loss of exclusivity for a biological product. for the company's medtech businesses, technological innovation, product quality, reputation and customer service are especially important to competitiveness. development by other companies of new or improved products, processes and technologies could threaten to make the company's products or technologies less desirable, less economical or obsolete. the company's consumer health businesses face intense competition from other branded products and retailers' private-label brands. if the company fails to sufficiently differentiate and market its brand name consumer products, this could adversely affect revenues and profitability of those products.
interruptions and delays in manufacturing operations could adversely affect the company's business, sales and reputation.
the company's manufacture of products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of complex, high-quality components and materials. the company's subsidiaries operate 89 manufacturing facilities as well as sourcing from thousands of suppliers around the world. the company has in the past, and may in the future, face unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain. manufacturing disruptions can occur for many reasons including regulatory action, production quality deviations or safety issues, labor disputes, labor shortages, site-specific incidents (such as fires), natural disasters such as hurricanes and other severe weather events, raw material shortages, political unrest, terrorist attacks and epidemics or pandemics. such delays and difficulties in manufacturing can result in product shortages, declines in sales and reputational impact as well as significant remediation and related costs associated with addressing the shortage.
the company relies on third parties to manufacture certain of our products. any failure by or loss of a third-party manufacturer could result in delays and increased costs, which may adversely affect our business.
the company relies on third parties to manufacture certain of our products. we depend on these third-party manufacturers to allocate to us a portion of their manufacturing capacity sufficient to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality and at acceptable manufacturing yields and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis and at acceptable prices. however, we cannot guarantee that these third-party manufacturers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements, which could result in lost sales and have an adverse effect on our business.
other risks associated with our reliance on third parties to manufacture these products include reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, misappropriation of the company's intellectual property, limited ability to manage our inventory, possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party and the possible termination or nonrenewal of the manufacturing agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. moreover, if any of our third-party manufacturers suffers any damage to facilities, loses benefits under material agreements, experiences power outages, encounters financial difficulties, is unable to secure necessary raw materials from its suppliers or suffers any other reduction in efficiency, the company may experience significant business disruption. in the event of any such disruption, the company would need to seek and source other qualified third-party manufacturers, likely resulting in further delays and increased costs which could affect our business adversely.
counterfeit versions of our products could harm our patients and have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings, reputation and business.
our industry continues to be challenged by the vulnerability of distribution channels to illegal counterfeiting and the presence of counterfeit products in a growing number of markets and over the internet. third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. to distributors and patients, counterfeit products may be visually indistinguishable from the authentic version. counterfeit medicines pose a risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured - often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites - as well as the lack of regulation of their contents.
the industry's failure to mitigate the threat of counterfeit medicines could adversely impact our business and reputation by impacting patient confidence in our authentic products, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation. in addition, diversion of our products from their authorized market into other channels may result in reduced revenues and negatively affect our profitability.
global health crises, pandemics, epidemics, or other outbreaks could adversely disrupt or impact certain aspects of the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to risks associated with global health crises, epidemics, pandemics and other outbreaks (such incident(s), a health crisis or health crises), including the global outbreak of coronavirus and its variants (covid-19). the covid-19 pandemic has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, certain aspects of the company's business, results of operations and financial condition, including lower sales and reduced customer demand and usage of certain of our products. the continued spread of covid-19 or other health crises may cause the company to modify its business practices, and take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as the company determines are in the best interests of our patients, customers, employees and business partners. while the company has robust business continuity plans in place across our global supply chain network to help mitigate the impact of health crises, these efforts may not completely prevent our business from being adversely affected and future impacts remain uncertain.
while the u.s. and other countries have substantially reopened their economies, the extent to which covid-19, or other health crises, could impact the company's future operations will depend on many factors which cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of an outbreak and impact of variants. a surge in covid-19 or other health crises could result in the imposition of new mandates and prolonged restrictive measures implemented in order to control the spread of disease. the global spread of covid-19 or other health crises could adversely impact the company's operations, including, among other things, our manufacturing operations, supply chain, third-party suppliers, sales and marketing, and clinical trial operations. any of these factors could adversely affect the company's business, financial results, and global economic conditions generally.
we also face uncertainties related to our vaccine development programs, including uncertainties related to the risk that our continued development programs may not be successful, commercially viable or receive approval from regulatory authorities; risks associated with clinical trial and real-world data, including further analyses of its efficacy, safety and durability; the risk that continued evolution and mutation of disease and the duration of a particular outbreak may impede our ability to conduct trials within a specified time frame; the risk that data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by national immunization technical advisory groups (nitags) and regulatory authorities; disruptions in the relationships between us, our third-party suppliers, external manufacturers, and other third parties with whom we engage; the risk that other companies may produce superior or competitive products; the risk that demand for any products we may develop may no longer exist; risks related to the availability of raw materials to manufacture any such products; the risk that we may not be able to recoup costs associated with our r&d and manufacturing efforts and risks associated with any changes in the way we approach or provide additional research funding for potential drug development; the risk that we may not be able to create or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis, that we may continue to experience manufacturing delays once a manufacturing site is activated, or have access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for any potential approved vaccine or product candidate, which would negatively impact our ability to supply the estimated numbers of doses of our vaccine within the projected time periods indicated, and other challenges and risks associated with the pace of our vaccine development program; and pricing and access challenges for such products, including in the u.s.
risks related to government regulation and legal proceedings global sales in the company's pharmaceutical and medtech segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures.
sales of the company's pharmaceutical and medtech products are significantly affected by reimbursements by third-party payers such as government healthcare programs, private insurance plans and managed care organizations. as part of various efforts to contain healthcare costs, these payers are putting downward pressure on prices at which products will be reimbursed. in the u.s., increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid, and private sector beneficiaries, in part due to continued consolidation among healthcare providers, could result in further pricing pressures. in addition, recent legislation and ongoing political scrutiny or pricing, coverage and reimbursement could result in additional pricing pressures. specifically, the inflation reduction act of 2022 (ira) may subject certain products to government-established pricing, potentially impose rebates, and subject manufacturers who fail to adhere to the government's interpretations of the law to penalties. outside the u.s., numerous major markets, including the eu, united kingdom, japan and china, have pervasive government involvement in funding healthcare and, in that regard, directly or indirectly impose price controls, limit access to, or reimbursement for, the company's products, or reduce the value of its intellectual property protection.
in the ordinary course of business, johnson & johnson and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as product liability, patent disputes and claims that their product sales, marketing and pricing practices violate various antitrust, unfair trade practices and/or consumer protection laws. the company's more significant legal proceedings are described in note 19, "legal proceedings" under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report. litigation, in general, and securities, derivative action, class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive and disruptive. some of these matters may include thousands of plaintiffs, may involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. for example, the company is a defendant in numerous lawsuits arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily johnson's baby powder, and the company's sale, manufacturing and marketing of opioids. while the company believes it has substantial defenses in these matters, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. the company could in the future be required to pay significant amounts as a result of settlements or judgments in these matters, potentially in excess of accruals, including matters where the company could be held jointly and severally liable among other defendants. the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows for that period. the company does not purchase third-party product liability insurance; however, the company utilizes a wholly owned captive insurance company subject to certain limits.
product reliability, safety and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, lead to litigation and cause reputational damage.
concerns about product safety, whether raised internally or by litigants, regulators or consumer advocates, and whether or not based on scientific evidence, can result in safety alerts, product recalls, governmental investigations, regulatory action on the part of the u.s. food and drug administration (or its counterpart in other countries), private claims and lawsuits, payment of fines and settlements, declining sales and reputational damage. these circumstances can also result in damage to brand image, brand equity and consumer trust in the company's products. product recalls have in the past, and could in the future, prompt government investigations and inspections, the shutdown of manufacturing facilities, continued product shortages and related sales declines, significant remediation costs, reputational damage, possible civil penalties and criminal prosecution.
like other companies in the healthcare industry, the company is subject to extensive regulation, investigations and legal action by national, state and local government agencies in the u.s. and other countries in which it operates. regulatory issues regarding compliance with current good manufacturing practices (cgmp) (and comparable quality regulations in foreign countries) by manufacturers of drugs, devices and consumer products can lead to fines and penalties, product recalls, product shortages, interruptions in production, delays in new product approvals and litigation. in addition, the marketing, pricing and sale of the company's products are subject to regulation, investigations and legal actions including under the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act, the medicaid rebate program, federal and state false claims acts, state unfair trade practices acts and consumer protection laws. scrutiny of healthcare industry business practices by government agencies and state attorneys general in the u.s., and any resulting investigations and prosecutions, carry risk of significant civil and criminal penalties including, but not limited to, debarment from participation in government healthcare programs. any such debarment could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. the most significant current investigations and litigation brought by government agencies are described in note 19, "legal proceedings-government proceedings" under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
changes in tax laws or exposures to additional tax liabilities could negatively impact the company's operating results.
changes in tax laws or regulations around the world, including in the u.s. and as led by the organization for economic cooperation and development, such as the recent adoption by the eu, enactment by south korea and the anticipated enactment by additional countries of a global minimum tax, could negatively impact the company's effective tax rate and results of operations. a change in statutory tax rate or certain international tax provisions in any country would result in the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted. this change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the company's consolidated statement of earnings. the company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. changes to tax laws or regulations may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
see note 8, "income taxes" under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for additional information.
the company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities. in connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. the company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. however, any tax authority could take a position on tax treatment that is contrary to the company's expectations, which could result in tax liabilities in excess of reserves.
risks related to our intellectual property the company faces increased challenges to intellectual property rights central to its business.
the company owns or licenses a significant number of patents and other proprietary rights relating to its products and manufacturing processes. these rights are essential to the company's businesses and materially important to the company's results of operations. public policy, both within and outside the u.s., has become increasingly unfavorable toward intellectual property rights. the company cannot be certain that it will obtain adequate patent protection for new products and technologies in the united states and other important markets or that such protections, once granted, will last as long as originally anticipated.
competitors routinely challenge the validity or extent of the company's owned or licensed patents and proprietary rights through litigation, interferences, oppositions and other proceedings, such as inter partes review (ipr) proceedings before the united states patent & trademark office (uspto). these proceedings absorb resources and can be protracted as well as unpredictable. in addition, challenges that the company's products infringe the patents of third parties could result in an injunction and/or the need to pay past damages and future royalties and adversely affect the competitive position and sales of the products in question.
the company has faced increasing patent challenges from third parties seeking to manufacture and market generic and biosimilar versions of the company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. in the u.s., manufacturers of generic versions of innovative human pharmaceutical products may challenge the validity, or claim non-infringement, of innovator products through the abbreviated new drug application, or anda, process with the u.s. fda and related anda litigation. the biologics price competition and innovation act (bpcia), enacted in 2010, which created a new regulatory pathway for the approval by the u.s. fda of biosimilar alternatives to innovator-developed biological products, also created mechanisms for biosimilar applicants to challenge the patents on the innovator biologics. the ipr process with the uspto is also being used by competitors to challenge patents asserted in litigation.
in the event the company is not successful in defending its patents against such challenges, or upon the "at-risk" launch by the generic or biosimilar firm of its product, the company can lose a major portion of revenues for the referenced product in a very short period of time. current legal proceedings involving the company's patents and other intellectual property rights are described in note 19, "legal proceedings-intellectual property" under notes to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
risks related to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization significant challenges or delays in the company's innovation and development of new products, technologies and indications could have an adverse impact on the company's long-term success.
the company's continued growth and success depends on its ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products and services that address the evolving healthcare needs of patients, providers and consumers. development of successful products and technologies is also necessary to offset revenue losses when the company's existing products lose market share due to various factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. new products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2022 sales. the company cannot be certain when or whether it will be able to develop, license or otherwise acquire companies, products and technologies, whether particular product candidates will be granted regulatory approval, and, if approved, whether the products will be commercially successful.
the company pursues product development through internal research and development as well as through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures and licensing or other arrangements with third parties. in all of these contexts, developing new products, particularly pharmaceutical and biotechnology products and medical devices, requires significant investment of resources over many years. only a very few biopharmaceutical research and development programs result in commercially viable products. the process depends on many factors including the ability to: discern patients' and healthcare providers' future needs; develop promising new compounds, strategies and technologies; achieve successful clinical trial results; secure effective intellectual property protection; obtain regulatory approvals on a timely basis; and, if and when they reach the market, successfully differentiate the company's products from competing products and approaches to treatment. new products or enhancements to existing products may not be accepted quickly or significantly in the marketplace due to product and price competition, changes in customer preferences or healthcare purchasing patterns, resistance by healthcare providers or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. even following initial regulatory approval, the success of a product can be adversely impacted by safety and efficacy findings in larger real-world patient populations, as well as market entry of competitive products.
risks related to financial and economic market conditions the company faces a variety of financial, economic, legal, social and political risks associated with conducting business internationally.
the company's extensive operations and business activity throughout the world are accompanied by certain financial, economic, legal, social and political risks, including those listed below.
foreign currency exchange: in fiscal 2022, approximately 49% of the company's sales occurred outside of the u.s., with approximately 25% in europe, 6% in the western hemisphere, excluding the u.s., and 18% in the asia-pacific and africa region. changes in non-u.s. currencies relative to the u.s. dollar impact the company's revenues and expenses. while the company uses financial instruments to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in currency exchange rates on its cash flows, unhedged exposures continue to be subject to currency fluctuations. in addition, the weakening or strengthening of the u.s. dollar may result in significant favorable or unfavorable translation effects when the operating results of the company's non-u.s. business activity are translated into u.s. dollars.
inflation and currency devaluation risks: the company faces challenges in maintaining profitability of operations in economies experiencing high inflation rates. specifically, the company has accounted for operations in argentina, turkey and venezuela as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. while the company strives to maintain profit margins in these areas through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases, it might experience operating losses as a result of continued inflation. in addition, the impact of currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates or significant currency exchange fluctuations could negatively impact the company's operating results.
illegal importation of pharmaceutical products: the illegal importation of pharmaceutical products from countries where government price controls or other market dynamics result in lower prices may adversely affect the company's sales and profitability in the u.s. and other countries in which the company operates. with the exception of limited quantities of prescription drugs for personal use, foreign imports of pharmaceutical products are illegal under current u.s. law. however, the volume of illegal imports continues to rise as the ability of patients and other customers to obtain the lower-priced imports has grown significantly.
anti-bribery and other regulations: the company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices with respect to payments to government officials. those laws include the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), which prohibits u.s. publicly traded companies from promising, offering, or giving anything of value to foreign officials with the corrupt intent of influencing the foreign official for the purpose of helping the company obtain or retain business or gain any improper advantage. the company's business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with foreign officials. also, in many countries outside the u.s., the healthcare providers who prescribe human pharmaceuticals are employed by the government and the purchasers of human pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, the company's interactions with these prescribers and purchasers are subject to regulation under the fcpa. in addition to the u.s. application and enforcement of the fcpa, various jurisdictions in which the company operates have laws and regulations, including the u.k. bribery act 2010, aimed at preventing and penalizing corrupt and anticompetitive behavior. enforcement activities under these laws could subject the company to additional administrative and legal proceedings and actions, which could include claims for civil penalties, criminal sanctions, and administrative remedies, including exclusion from healthcare programs.
other financial, economic, legal, social and political risks. other risks inherent in conducting business globally include:
•local and regional economic environments and policies in the markets that we serve, including interest rates, monetary policy, inflation, economic growth, recession, commodity prices, and currency controls or other limitations on the ability to expatriate cash;
•protective economic policies taken by governments, such as trade protection measures and import/export licensing requirements;
•compliance with local regulations and laws including, in some countries, regulatory requirements restricting the company's ability to manufacture or sell its products in the relevant market;
•diminished protection of intellectual property and contractual rights in certain jurisdictions;
•potential nationalization or expropriation of the company's foreign assets;
•political or social upheavals, economic instability, repression, or human rights issues; and
•geopolitical events, including natural disasters, disruptions to markets due to war, armed conflict, terrorism, epidemics or pandemics.
failure to maintain a satisfactory credit rating could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs and access to capital markets.
we currently maintain investment grade credit ratings with moody's investors service and standard & poor's ratings services. rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors. any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency, whether as a result of our actions or factors which are beyond our control, can increase the cost of borrowing under any indebtedness we may incur, reduce market capacity for our commercial paper or require the posting of additional collateral under our derivative contracts. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings, and any additional actual or anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position and access to capital markets.
the russia-ukraine war, and actions taken in response to the russia-ukraine war, could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
in february 2022, russia launched a military invasion of ukraine. the ongoing russia-ukraine war has provoked strong reactions from the united states, the united kingdom, the european union and various other countries and economic and political organizations around the world. we have been monitoring the geopolitical situation in russia since the start of the russia-ukraine war and have suspended additional investment, enrollment of clinical trials, and supply of our personal care products in russia. we continue to monitor the need for humanitarian relief in the region and continue to supply our medicines, medical devices and equipment in the region in compliance with the applicable sanctions. we will continue to monitor the geopolitical situation in russia and to evaluate our activities and future operations in russia.
actions taken in response to the russia-ukraine war include the imposition of export controls and broad financial and economic sanctions against russia, belarus and specific areas of ukraine. additional sanctions or other measures may be imposed by the global community, including but not limited to limitations on our ability to file, prosecute and maintain patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights. furthermore, the russian government has already taken action allowing russian companies and individuals to exploit inventions owned by patent holders from the united states and many other countries without consent or compensation and we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in russia or from selling or importing products in and into russia.
we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, other risks related to the broad economic consequences of the russia-ukraine war, including foreign currency volatility, decreased demand for our products in countries affected by the russia-ukraine war and challenges to our global supply chain related to increased costs of materials and other inputs for our products and suppliers operating in russia and ukraine. we also continue to monitor the various sanctions and export controls imposed in response to the russia-ukraine war.
the full impact of the russia-ukraine war, and actions taken in response to the ongoing conflict, on the global economy and geopolitical relations, in general, and on our business in particular, remain uncertain. any or all of the foregoing risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, particularly as the conflict continues for an indefinite period of time. given that developments concerning the russia-ukraine war are ongoing and have been constantly evolving, additional impacts and risks may arise that are not presently known to us. the russia-ukraine war may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this "risk factors" section.
risks related to the planned separation of our consumer health business the planned separation of the company's consumer health business may not be completed on the terms or timeline currently contemplated, if at all, and may not achieve the expected results.
in november 2021, the company announced its intention to separate the company's consumer health business, with the intention to create a standalone publicly traded company, which was subsequently named kenvue, inc. ("kenvue"). the planned separation is intended to qualify as a tax-free transaction for u.s. federal income tax purposes. the company is targeting completion of the planned separation in 2023. completion of the planned separation will be subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including, among others, consultations with works councils and other employee representative bodies, as required, final approval by the company's board of directors, the continuing effectiveness and validity of the company's private letter ruling from the internal revenue service ("irs") and receipt of favorable opinions of the company's u.s. tax advisors with respect to the tax-free nature of the transaction, and the receipt of other regulatory approvals. there can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the planned separation or that such separation will be completed. unanticipated developments could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the planned separation, including but not limited to disruptions in general or financial market conditions or potential problems or delays in obtaining various regulatory and tax approvals or clearances.
the costs to complete the planned separation will be significant. in addition, the company may be unable to achieve some or all of the strategic and financial benefits that it expects to achieve from the planned separation of the company's consumer health business.
the company has incurred, and is expected to incur, significant expenses in connection with the planned separation. in addition, the company may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that are expected to result from the planned separation. the anticipated benefits of the planned separation are based on a number of assumptions, some of which may prove incorrect.
following the planned separation, the price of shares of the company's common stock may fluctuate significantly.
the company cannot predict the effect of the planned separation on the trading price of shares of its common stock, and the market value of shares of its common stock may be less than, equal to or greater than the market value of shares of its common stock prior to the planned separation. in addition, the price of the company's common stock may be more volatile around the time of the planned separation.
the company has received a private letter ruling from the irs as to the tax-free nature of the planned separation under the u.s. internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. the planned separation is conditioned on, among other things, the continuing effectiveness and validity of the company's private letter ruling from the irs and receipt of favorable opinions of the company's u.s. tax advisors. the private letter ruling and opinions will be based on, among other things, various facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from the company and kenvue regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, the company and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions of tax advisors. notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions of tax advisors, if subsequent to the planned separation the irs determines that certain steps of the transaction do not qualify for tax-free treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the resulting tax liability to the company and its shareholders could be substantial. the planned separation may also not qualify for tax-free treatment in other countries around the world, and as a result may trigger substantial tax liability to the company.
other risks our business depends on our ability to recruit and retain talented, highly skilled employees and a diverse workforce.
our continued growth requires us to recruit and retain talented employees representing diverse backgrounds, experiences, and skill sets. the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive and our ability to compete depends on our ability to hire, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel in all areas of our organization. maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse, equitable and inclusive work environment enables us to attract top talent. if we are less successful in our recruiting efforts, or if we cannot retain highly skilled workers and key leaders, our ability to develop and deliver successful products and services may be adversely affected. in addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success. any unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans or failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
climate change or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change may negatively affect our business and results of operations.
climate change resulting from increased concentrations of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could present risks to our operations, including an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as a hurricane, tornado, earthquake, wildfire or flooding, may pose physical risks to our facilities and disrupt the operation of our supply chain. the impacts of the changing climate on water resources may result in water scarcity, limiting our ability to access sufficient high-quality water in certain locations, which may increase operational costs.
concern over climate change may also result in new or additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and/or mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment. if such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory obligations, we may experience disruption in, or an increase in the costs associated with sourcing, manufacturing and distribution of our products, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. further, the impacts of climate change have an influence on customer preferences, and failure to provide climate-friendly products could potentially result in loss of market share.
an information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact to the company's business or reputation.
to meet business objectives, the company relies on both internal information technology (it) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain. the extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. the company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. to date, the company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, because of the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the company to be adversely impacted. this impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. the company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial, legal, business or reputational losses.
as a result of the russia-ukraine war, there has been, and we expect there will continue to be, an increased risk of information security or cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks perpetrated by russia or others at its direction. although we have taken steps to enhance our protections against these attacks, we may not be able to address the threat of information security or cybersecurity incidents proactively or implement adequate preventative measures and we may not be able to detect and address any such disruption or security breach promptly, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. moreover, we are aware of incidents in which our third-party partners have been the target of information security or cybersecurity incidents as a result of the russia-ukraine war. although, to date, our it systems have not been compromised by these incidents, it is possible that future information security or cybersecurity incidents involving our customers, manufacturers, suppliers or other third-party partners could successfully compromise our it systems, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
a breach of privacy laws or unauthorized access, loss or misuse of personal data could have a negative impact to the company's business or reputation.
the company is subject to privacy and data protection laws across the globe that impose broad compliance obligations on the collection, use, storage, access, transfer and protection of personal data. breach of such requirements could result in substantial fines, penalties, private right of actions, claims and damage to our reputation and business. new privacy laws are expected in other territories, together with greater privacy enforcement by governmental authorities globally, particularly on data localization requirements and international data flows. the company has established privacy compliance programs and controls that our businesses worldwide are required to comply with, but with many technology and data-driven initiatives being prioritized across the company and involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are potential risks of controls imposed on cross border data flows, unauthorized access, and loss of personal data through internal and external threats that could impact our business operations and research activities.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition organization and business segments description of the company and business segments johnson & johnson and its subsidiaries (the company) have approximately 152,700 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. the company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world with the primary focus on products related to human health and well-being.
the company is organized into three business segments: consumer health, pharmaceutical and medtech. the consumer health segment includes a broad range of products used in the baby care, oral care, skin health/beauty, over-the-counter pharmaceutical, women's health and wound care markets. these products are marketed to the general public and sold online (ecommerce) and to retail outlets and distributors throughout the world. the pharmaceutical segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas, including immunology, infectious diseases, neuroscience, oncology, pulmonary hypertension, and cardiovascular and metabolic diseases. products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. the medtech segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the orthopaedic, surgery, interventional solutions (cardiovascular and neurovascular) and vision fields. these products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics.
the executive committee of johnson & johnson is the principal management group responsible for the strategic operations and allocation of the resources of the company. this committee oversees and coordinates the activities of the consumer health, pharmaceutical and medtech business segments.
in all of its product lines, the company competes with other companies both locally and globally, throughout the world. competition exists in all product lines without regard to the number and size of the competing companies involved. competition in research, involving the development and the improvement of new and existing products and processes, is particularly significant. the development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success in all areas of its business. the competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. in addition, the development and maintenance of customer demand for the company's consumer products involves significant expenditures for advertising and promotion.
management's objectives with "our credo" as the foundation, the company's purpose is to blend heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. the company is committed to bringing its full breadth and depth to ensure health for people today and for future generations. united around this common ambition, the company is poised to fulfill its purpose and successfully meet the demands of the rapidly evolving markets in which it competes.
the company is broadly based in human healthcare, and is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high quality, innovative products and services. new products introduced within the past five years accounted for approximately 25% of 2022 sales. in 2022, $14.6 billion was invested in research and development reflecting management's commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity.
a critical driver of the company's success is the diversity of its 152,700 employees worldwide. employees are empowered and inspired to lead with our credo and purpose as guides. this allows every employee to use the company's reach and size to advance the company's purpose, and to also lead with agility and urgency. leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the company to innovate and execute with excellence. this ensures the company can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invest for an enduring impact, ultimately delivering value to its patients, consumers and healthcare professionals, employees, communities and shareholders.
results of operations analysis of consolidated sales for discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to the fiscal years 2021 and 2020 see the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 2, 2022, item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition.
in 2022, worldwide sales increased 1.3% to $94.9 billion as compared to an increase of 13.6% in 2021. these sales changes consisted of the following:
the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the worldwide sales growth was a negative impact of 0.1% in 2022 and a negative impact of 0.6% in 2021.
sales by u.s. companies were $48.6 billion in 2022 and $47.2 billion in 2021. this represents increases of 3.0% in 2022 and 9.3% in 2021. sales by international companies were $46.4 billion in 2022 and $46.6 billion in 2021. this represents a decrease of 0.6% in 2022 and an increase of 18.2% in 2021.
the five-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, u.s. and international sales were 4.4%, 4.0% and 4.9%, respectively. the ten-year compound annual growth rates for worldwide, u.s. and international sales were 3.5%, 5.0% and 2.2%, respectively.
in 2022, sales by companies in europe experienced a decline of 0.6% as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 11.0% and a negative currency impact of 11.6%. sales by companies in the western hemisphere, excluding the u.s., achieved growth of 6.5% as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 10.2%, and a negative currency impact of 3.7%. sales by companies in the asia-pacific, africa region experienced a decline of 2.8% as compared to the prior year, including operational growth of 6.2% and a negative currency impact of 9.0%.
in 2022, the company utilized three wholesalers distributing products for all three segments that represented approximately 16.5%, 13.0% and 12.0% of the total consolidated revenues. in 2021, the company had three wholesalers distributing products for all three segments that represented approximately 14.0%, 11.0% and 11.0% of the total consolidated revenues.
note: values may have been rounded analysis of sales by business segments consumer health segment consumer health segment sales in 2022 were $15.0 billion, a decrease of 0.5% from 2021, which included 3.6% operational growth and a negative currency impact of 4.1%. u.s. consumer health segment sales were $6.6 billion, an increase of 1.3%. international sales were $8.4 billion, a decrease of 1.9%, which included 5.3% operational growth and a negative currency impact of 7.2%. in 2022, acquisitions and divestitures had a net negative impact of 0.3% on the operational sales growth of the worldwide consumer health segment.
major consumer health franchise sales*:
(dollars in millions)                                2022                    2021                  change                     change         change otc(1)                                          $6,031                   5,627                   7.2    %                 11.2     %     (4.0)    %
skin health/beauty                               4,352                   4,541                 (4.2)                     (0.4)           (3.8)
women's health                                     904                     917                 (1.5)                       7.0           (8.5)
total consumer health sales                    $14,953                  15,035                 (0.5)    %                  3.6     %     (4.1)    %
(1)fiscal 2021 reflects approximately $0.4 billion of certain international otc products, primarily in china, which were reclassified from the pharmaceutical segment to the consumer health segment based on operational changes the otc franchise sales of $6.0 billion increased 7.2% as compared to the prior year. operational growth was primarily attributable to increased cough/cold/flu, adult and pediatric incidences, price actions primarily in the u.s. and increased consumption in china due to easing of covid-19 restrictions. growth was partially offset by supply constraints.
the skin health/beauty franchise sales of $4.4 billion declined 4.2% as compared to the prior year. the operational decline was driven by supply constraints in the u.s. partially offset by price actions and strong new product performance in the asia pacific and latin america region.
the oral care franchise sales of $1.5 billion declined 8.5% as compared to the prior year. the operational decline was due to portfolio simplification in the u.s., competitive pressures in emea and china, category decline and pricing pressures in emea, as well as suspension of personal care sales in russia and negative covid-19 impacts in china.
the baby care franchise sales of $1.5 billion declined 6.7% as compared to the prior year. the operational decline was driven by category deceleration and competitive pressures in the u.s., suspension of personal care sales in russia and weakness in india.
the women's health franchise sales of $0.9 billion declined 1.5% as compared to the prior year. operational growth driven by lapping prior year supply constraints in emea, strength in india, and price actions in latam was partially offset by suspension of personal care sales in russia and negative currency impacts.
the wound care/other franchise sales of $0.7 billion declined 5.3% as compared to the prior year. the operational decline was driven by lapping strong prior year consumption, competitive pressure in the u.s., and decreased consumption in china.
in november 2021, the company announced its intention to separate the company's consumer health business (kenvue as the name for the planned new consumer health company), with the intention to create a new, publicly traded company by the end of the fiscal year 2023.
pharmaceutical segment pharmaceutical segment sales in 2022 were $52.6 billion, an increase of 1.7% from 2021, which included operational growth of 6.7% and a negative currency impact of 5.0%. u.s. sales were $28.6 billion, an increase of 2.3%. international sales were $24.0 billion, an increase of 1.0%, which included 11.9% operational growth and a negative currency impact of 10.9%. in 2022, acquisitions and divestitures had a net negative impact of 0.1% on the operational sales growth of the worldwide pharmaceutical segment. adjustments to previous sales reserve estimates were approximately $0.1 billion and $0.7 billion in fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively.
major pharmaceutical therapeutic area sales*:
(dollars in millions)                                            2022                    2021                    change                     change                    change total immunology                                           $16,935                  16,750                     1.1    %                  4.8     %                (3.7)    %
(1) inclusive of procrit / eprex which was previously disclosed separately
(2) fiscal 2021 reflects approximately $0.4 billion of certain international otc products, primarily in china, which were reclassified from the pharmaceutical segment to the consumer health segment based on operational changes immunology products achieved sales of $16.9 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 1.1% as compared to the prior year. operational growth was driven by strong uptake of stelara (ustekinumab) in crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis and strength of tremfya (guselkumab) in psoriasis and uptake in psoriatic arthritis. this was partially offset by lower sales of remicade (infliximab) due to biosimilar competition.
biosimilar versions of remicade have been introduced in the united states and certain markets outside the united states and additional competitors continue to enter the market. continued infliximab biosimilar competition will result in a further reduction in sales of remicade.
the latest expiring united states patent for stelara (ustekinumab) will expire in september 2023. stelara (ustekinumab) u.s. sales in fiscal 2022 were approximately $6.4 billion and the expiration of this product patent or loss of market exclusivity will result in a reduction in sales.
infectious disease products sales were $5.4 billion in 2022, representing a decline of 6.5% as compared to the prior year. operational growth was driven by the covid-19 vaccine outside the u.s partially offset by lower sales of prezista and prezcobix/rezolsta (darunavir/cobicistat) due to increased competition and loss of exclusivity of prezista in certain countries outside the u.s.
neuroscience products sales were $6.9 billion, in 2022, representing a decline of 1.4% as compared to the prior year. the operational sales growth of invega sustenna/xeplion (paliperidone palmitate) and invega trinza/trevicta from new patient starts and persistence as well as the launch of invega hafyera was offset by negative currency impacts and lower sales of risperdal consta.
oncology products achieved sales of $16.0 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 9.9% as compared to the prior year. contributions to operational growth were strong sales of darzalex (daratumumab) driven by share gains in all regions, continued strong market growth, and uptake of the subcutaneous formulation as well as the continued global launch uptake of erleada (apalutamide). this was partially offset by declining sales of imbruvica (ibrutinib) due to competitive pressures and market suppression and zytiga due to loss of exclusivity in the european union in the second half of 2022.
pulmonary hypertension products sales were $3.4 billion, a decline of 1.0% as compared to the prior year. the operational sales growth of opsumit (macitentan) and uptravi (selexipag) due to continued share gains and market growth was offset by covid-19 related impacts and continued declines in other pulmonary hypertension.
cardiovascular/metabolism/other products sales were $3.9 billion, a decline of 5.6% as compared to the prior year. the operational decline was primarily attributable to lower sales of invokana/invokamet (canagliflozin) due to share erosion and procrit/ eprex (epoetin alfa) due to biosimilar competition.
the company updated its policy so that no end customer will be permitted direct delivery of product to a location other than the billing location. the policy impacts contract pharmacy transactions involving non-grantee 340b covered entities for most of the company's drugs, subject to multiple exceptions. both grantee and non-grantee covered entities can maintain certain contract pharmacy arrangements under policy exceptions. the company has been and will continue to offer 340b discounts to covered entities on all of its covered outpatient drugs, and it believes its policy will improve its ability to identify inappropriate duplicate discounts and diversion prohibited by the 340b statute. the 340b drug pricing program is a u.s. federal government program requiring drug manufacturers to provide significant discounts on covered outpatient drugs to covered entities. this policy update had discount implications which positively impacted sales to customers in 2022.
carvykti (ciltacabtagene autoleucel)            treatment for patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma                                                           •                 •
niraparib                                       treatment of l1 prostate cancer metastatic castration-resistant in combination with abiraterone acetate and prednisone                                                              •
stelara (ustekinumab)                           treatment of pediatric patients with juvenile psoriatic arthritis                                                             •
talquetamab                                     treatment of patients with relapsed refractory multiple myeloma                                                                                                   •
teclistamab                                     treatment of patients with relapsed refractory multiple myeloma                                                               •                 •
the medtech segment sales in 2022 were $27.4 billion, an increase of 1.4% from 2021, which included operational growth of 6.2% and a negative currency impact of 4.8%. u.s. sales were $13.4 billion, an increase of 5.4% as compared to the prior year. international sales were $14.1 billion, a decrease of 2.3% as compared to the prior year, which included operational growth of 6.9% and a negative currency impact of 9.2%. in 2022, the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures on the medtech segment worldwide operational sales growth was a positive 0.1%.
major medtech franchise sales*:
(dollars in millions)            2022                    2021                                   change                     change         change surgery                                      $9,690                   9,812                 (1.2)    %                  3.8     %     (5.0)    %
**previously referred to as medical devices the surgery franchise sales were $9.7 billion in 2022, representing a decline of 1.2% from 2021. the operational growth in advanced surgery was primarily driven by the following: endocutter market recovery and new products partially offset by competitive pressures in the u.s.; biosurgery market recovery and the success of new products partially offset by strong u.s. market demand in the prior year for infection prevention products; and energy products driven by market recovery and new product penetration coupled with competitive supply challenges. the operational growth in general surgery was primarily driven by market recovery and technology penetration.
the orthopaedics franchise sales were $8.6 billion in 2022, which was flat to the prior year. the orthopaedics franchise included operational sales growth of 3.7% offset by a negative currency impact of 3.7%. the operational growth in hips reflects the market recovery combined with continued strength of the portfolio including the actis stem and enabling technologies - kincise and velys hip navigation. this growth was partially offset by impacts of volume-based procurement in china and the timing of tenders outside the u.s. the operational growth in knees was primarily driven by procedure recovery, strength of the attune portfolio and pull through related to the velys robotic assisted solution. this growth was partially offset by impacts of volume-based procurement in china and timing of tenders outside the u.s. the operational growth in trauma was driven by global market recovery and uptake of new products. the operational growth in spine, sports & other was primarily driven by procedure recovery and new product introductions. this growth was partially offset by competitive pressures in spine and impacts of volume-based procurement in china.
the vision franchise achieved sales of $4.8 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 3.4% from 2021. the contact lenses/other operational growth was due to market recovery, price actions, commercial execution and benefits from new products. surgical vision operational growth was primarily due to market recovery and the success of new products and was partially offset by a higher prior year u.s. refractory market.
the interventional solutions franchise achieved sales of $4.3 billion in 2022, representing an increase of 8.3% from 2021. operational growth was driven by market recovery and success of new products and commercial strategies. interventional solutions also includes sales from abiomed, inc. (abiomed) which were reflected as of december 22, 2022.
analysis of consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income was $21.7 billion and $22.8 billion for the years 2022 and 2021, respectively. as a percent to sales, consolidated earnings before provision for taxes on income was 22.9% and 24.3%, in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
cost of products sold and selling, marketing and administrative expenses:
cost of products sold increased as a percent to sales driven by:
•currency impacts in the pharmaceutical segment
•commodity inflation in the medtech and consumer health segments partially offset by
•supply chain benefits in the consumer health segment the intangible asset amortization expense included in cost of products sold was $4.3 billion and $4.7 billion for the fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively.
selling, marketing and administrative expenses decreased as a percent to sales driven by:
•reduction of brand marketing expenses in the pharmaceutical and consumer health businesses research and development expense:
research and development expense by segment of business was as follows:
(dollars in millions)                                                  amount                % of sales*                    amount                % of sales*
consumer health                                                     $493                       3.3     %                 $459                       3.1     %
total research and development expense                           $14,603                      15.4     %              $14,714                      15.7     %
*as a percent to segment sales research and development activities represent a significant part of the company's business. these expenditures relate to the processes of discovering, testing and developing new products, upfront payments and developmental milestones, improving existing products, as well as ensuring product efficacy and regulatory compliance prior to launch. the company remains committed to investing in research and development with the aim of delivering high quality and innovative products.
research and development decreased as a percent to sales primarily driven by:
•lower milestone payments in the pharmaceutical business in-process research and development (ipr&d): in the fiscal year 2022, the company recorded an intangible asset impairment charge of approximately $0.8 billion related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab (jnj-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of atopic dermatitis (ad) and hidradenitis suppurativa (hs). additional information regarding efficacy of the ad indication and hs indication became available which led the company to the decision to terminate the development of bermekimab for both ad and hs. the company acquired all rights to bermekimab from xbiotech, inc. in the fiscal year 2020. in fiscal year 2021, the company recorded a partial ipr&d charge of $0.9 billion primarily related to expected development delays in the general surgery digital robotics platform (ottava) acquired with the auris health acquisition in 2019. the impairment charge was calculated based on revisions to the discounted cash flow valuation model reflecting a delay of first in human procedures of approximately two years from the initial acquisition model assumption of the second half of 2022. the company will continue to monitor the remaining $1.5 billion ottava platform intangible asset as development program activities are ongoing.
other (income) expense, net: other (income) expense, net is the account where the company records gains and losses related to the sale and write-down of certain investments in equity securities held by johnson & johnson innovation - jjdc, inc. (jjdc), changes in the fair value of securities, investment (income)/loss related to employee benefit programs, gains and losses on divestitures, certain transactional currency gains and losses, acquisition and divestiture related costs, litigation accruals and settlements, as well as royalty income.
(dollars in billions)(income)/expense                                            2022                  2021                  change consumer health separation costs                                              $1.0                   0.1                   0.9
changes in the fair value of securities                                        0.7                 (0.5)                   1.2
employee benefit plan related                                                (1.2)                 (0.6)                 (0.6)
(2)2022 was primarily costs related to the acquisition of abiomed. 2021 was primarily related to divestiture gains of two pharmaceutical brands outside the u.s.
interest (income) expense: interest (income) expense in the fiscal of 2022 was net interest income of $214 million as compared to interest expense of $130 million in the fiscal year 2021 primarily due to higher rates of interest earned on cash balances. cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaled $23.5 billion at the end of 2022, and averaged $27.6 billion as compared to the cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities total of $31.6 billion and $28.4 billion average cash balance in 2021. the total debt balance at the end of 2022 was $39.7 billion with an average debt balance of $36.7 billion as compared to $33.8 billion at the end of 2021 and an average debt balance of $34.5 billion. the lower average cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities and higher average debt balance were primarily due to the acquisition of abiomed in late december of 2022.
income before tax by segment income (loss) before tax by segment of business were as follows:
income before tax                                        segment sales                              percent of segment sales
consumer health(3)                                             $2,930                       1,573                   14,953                      15,035                   19.6    %                     10.5
less: consumer health separation costs                          1,089                          67
(1)see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for more details.
(3)prior year income before tax of approximately $0.2 billion has been reclassified as certain international otc products, primarily in china, were reclassified from the pharmaceutical segment to the consumer health segment based on operational changes.
consumer health segment:
in 2022, the consumer health segment income before tax as a percent of sales was 19.6% versus 10.5% in 2021. the increase in the income before tax as a percent of sales was primarily driven by the following:
•lower litigation expense of $0.2 billion in 2022 versus $1.6 billion (primarily talc related) in 2021
•reduction in brand marketing expenses in 2022 versus 2021
•supply chain benefits in 2022
partially offset by:
in 2022, the pharmaceutical segment income before tax as a percent to sales was 30.3% versus 34.8% in 2021. the decrease in the income before tax as a percent of sales was primarily driven by the following:
•one-time covid-19 vaccine manufacturing exit related costs of $1.5 billion in 2022
•unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities ($0.7 billion loss in 2022 vs. $0.5 billion gain in 2021)
•an ipr&d charge of $0.8 billion in 2022 related to bermekimab (jnj-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of atopic dermatitis (ad) and hidradenitis suppurativa (hs)
•lower divestiture gains of $0.1 billion in 2022 versus $0.6 billion related to two pharmaceutical brands outside the u.s. in fiscal 2021
•currency impacts in cost of products sold partially offset by:
•lower litigation related expense of $0.1 billion in 2022 versus $0.6 billion (primarily related to risperdal gynecomastia) in 2021
•lower research & development milestone payments in 2022
•lower brand marketing expenses in 2022 versus 2021
in fiscal 2020 and 2021, the company entered into a series of contract manufacturing arrangements for vaccine production with third party contract manufacturing organizations. these arrangements provided the company with supplemental commercial capacity for vaccine production and potentially transferable rights to such production if capacity is not required. the company continues to evaluate and monitor both its internal and external supply arrangements. in fiscal 2022, the covid-19 vaccine related costs (mentioned above) included the remaining commitments and obligations, including external manufacturing network exit and related inventory costs and required clinical trial expenses, associated with the company's modification of its covid-19 vaccine research program and manufacturing capacity to levels that meet all remaining customer contractual requirements.
•an ipr&d charge of $0.9 billion in 2021 related to the general surgery offering in digital robotics (ottava) acquired with the auris health acquisition in 2019
partially offset by:
•higher litigation related expense of $0.6 billion in 2022, primarily related to pelvic mesh costs versus $0.1 billion in 2021
•acquisition related costs of $0.3 billion in 2022 related to the abiomed acquisition versus $0.1 billion in 2021
restructuring: in the fiscal second quarter of 2018, the company announced plans to implement actions across its global supply chain that are intended to enable the company to focus resources and increase investments in critical capabilities, technologies and solutions necessary to manufacture and supply its product portfolio of the future, enhance agility and drive growth. the global supply chain actions included expanding its use of strategic collaborations, and bolstering its initiatives to reduce complexity, improving cost-competitiveness, enhancing capabilities and optimizing its supply chain network. the company has achieved approximately $0.8 billion in annual pre-tax cost savings as outlined in the restructuring actions. in 2022, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $0.5 billion, which is included on the following lines of the consolidated statement of earnings, $0.3 billion in restructuring, $0.1 billion in other (income) expense and $0.1 billion in cost of products sold. total project costs of approximately $2.2 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. the program was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2022.
see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details related to the restructuring programs.
in the fiscal 2022, the company incurred approximately $0.5 billion net incremental international tax cost related to the legal separation of the consumer health business, and may continue to incur additional cost in fiscal 2023.
on december 15, 2022, the european union (eu) member states formally adopted the eu's pillar two directive, which generally provides for a minimum effective tax rate of 15%, as established by the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd) pillar two framework that was supported by over 130 countries worldwide. the eu effective dates are january 1, 2024, and january 1, 2025, for different aspects of the directive.
a significant number of other countries are expected to also implement similar legislation, including south korea which approved legislation on december 23, 2022 with a full effective date of january 1, 2024. the company is continuing to evaluate the potential impact on future periods of the pillar two framework, pending legislative adoption by additional individual countries, including those within the european union.
for discussion related to the fiscal 2022 provision for taxes refer to note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity & cash flows cash and cash equivalents were $14.1 billion at the end of 2022 as compared to $14.5 billion at the end of 2021.
the primary sources and uses of cash that contributed to the $0.4 billion decrease were:
21.2             cash generated from operating activities
$(0.3)             effect of exchange rate and rounding
$14.1             q4 2022 cash and cash equivalents balance in addition, the company had $9.4 billion in marketable securities at the end of fiscal year 2022 and $17.1 billion at the end of fiscal year 2021. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities.
cash flow from operations of $21.2 billion was the result of:
7.3             non-cash expenses and other adjustments primarily for depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and asset write-downs partially offset by the deferred tax provision, net gain on sale of assets/businesses and credit losses and accounts receivable allowances
$21.2             cash flow from operations investing activities use of $12.4 billion of cash was primarily used for:
0.5             proceeds from the disposal of assets/businesses, net
9.2             net sales of investments
(0.2)             credit support agreements activity, net
$(12.4)             net cash used for investing activities financing activities use of $8.9 billion of cash was primarily used for:
(6.0)                         repurchase of common stock
$(8.9)                        net cash used for financing activities as of january 1, 2023, the company's notes payable and long-term debt was in excess of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. as of january 1, 2023, the net debt position was $16.1 billion as compared to the prior year of $2.1 billion. the increase was primarily due to the acquisition of abiomed, inc. in december 2022. the debt balance at the end of 2022 was $39.7 billion as compared to $33.8 billion in 2021. considering recent market conditions, the company has re-evaluated its operating cash flows and liquidity profile and does not foresee any significant incremental risk. the company anticipates that operating cash flows, the ability to raise funds from external sources, borrowing capacity from existing committed credit facilities and access to the commercial paper markets will continue to provide sufficient resources to fund operating needs, including the company's remaining balance to be paid on the agreement to settle opioid litigation for approximately $2.7 billion and the establishment of the $2.0 billion trust for talc related liabilities (see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details). in addition, the company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise capital when market conditions are favorable. effective beginning in fiscal 2022, the u.s. tax cuts and job act of 2017 (tcja) requires the company to deduct u.s. and international research and development expenditures for tax purposes over 5 to 15 years, instead of in the current fiscal year. as a result, in fiscal 2022, the company experienced an increase in annual cash tax payments of approximately $1.2 billion above what otherwise would have been remitted to the u.s treasury. the company concurrently records a deferred tax benefit for the future amortization of the research and development (r&d) for tax purposes. the requirement to expense r&d as incurred is unchanged for u.s. gaap purposes and the impact to pre-tax r&d expense is not affected by this provision.
on september 14, 2022, the company announced that its board of directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the company's common stock. share repurchases may be made at management's discretion from time to time on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. the repurchase program has no time limit and may be suspended for periods or discontinued at any time. any shares acquired will be available for general corporate purposes. the company intends to finance the share repurchase program through available cash. through january 1, 2023, approximately $2.5 billion has been repurchased under the program.
the following table summarizes the company's material contractual obligations and their aggregate maturities as of january 1, 2023: to satisfy these obligations, the company intends to use cash from operations.
for tax matters, see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
financing and market risk the company uses financial instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate changes on cash flows. accordingly, the company enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect the value of certain foreign currency assets and liabilities and to hedge future foreign currency transactions primarily related to product costs. gains or losses on these contracts are offset by the gains or losses on the underlying transactions. a 10% appreciation of the u.s. dollar from the january 1, 2023 market rates would increase the unrealized value of the company's forward contracts by $0.1 billion. conversely, a 10% depreciation of the u.s. dollar from the january 1, 2023 market rates would decrease the unrealized value of the company's forward contracts by $0.1 billion. in either scenario, the gain or loss on the forward contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated earnings and cash flows.
the company hedges the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and the effect on certain assets and liabilities in foreign currency, by entering into currency swap contracts. a 1% change in the spread between u.s. and foreign interest rates on the company's interest rate sensitive financial instruments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of the company's swap contracts by approximately $1.7 billion. in either scenario, at maturity, the gain or loss on the swap contract would be offset by the gain or loss on the underlying transaction, and therefore, would have no impact on future anticipated cash flows.
the company does not enter into financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. further, the company has a policy of only entering into contracts with parties that have at least an investment grade credit rating. the counterparties to these contracts are major financial institutions and there is no significant concentration of exposure with any one counterparty. management believes the risk of loss is remote. the company entered into credit support agreements (csa) with certain derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting agreements. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for additional details on credit support agreements.
the company invests in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities which carry a degree of interest rate risk. the fair market value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. a 1% (100 basis points) change in spread on the company's interest rate sensitive investments would either increase or decrease the unrealized value of cash equivalents and current marketable securities by less than $0.1 billion.
the company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. in september 2022, the company secured a new 364-day credit facility of $10 billion, which expires on september 7, 2023. in november 2022, the company secured an additional 364-day revolving credit facility of $10 billion, which has an expiration of november 21, 2023. interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either secured overnight financing rate (sofr) reference rate or other applicable market rate as allowed plus applicable margins. commitment fees under the agreement are not material.
total borrowings at the end of 2022 and 2021 were $39.7 billion and $33.8 billion, respectively. the increase in borrowings was due to the acquisition of abiomed, inc. in 2022, net debt (cash and current marketable securities, net of debt) was $16.1 billion compared to net debt of $2.1 billion in 2021. total debt represented 34.1% of total capital (shareholders' equity and total debt) in 2022 and 31.3% of total capital in 2021. shareholders' equity per share at the end of 2022 was $29.39 compared to $28.16 at year-end 2021.
a summary of borrowings can be found in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
on january 3, 2023, the board of directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.13 per share, payable on march 7, 2023 to shareholders of record as of february 21, 2023.
other information critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition are based on the company's consolidated financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap). the preparation of these financial statements requires that management make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported for revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities and other related disclosures. actual results may or may not differ from these estimates. the company believes that the understanding of certain key accounting policies and estimates are essential in achieving more insight into the company's operating results and financial condition. these key accounting policies include revenue recognition, income taxes, legal and self-insurance contingencies, valuation of long-lived assets, assumptions used to determine the amounts recorded for pensions and other employee benefit plans and accounting for stock based awards.
revenue recognition: the company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers. the company's global payment terms are typically between 30 to 90 days. provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, trade promotions, coupons, product returns, discounts to customers and governmental clawback provisions are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales.
product discounts granted are based on the terms of arrangements with direct, indirect and other market participants, as well as market conditions, including consideration of competitor pricing. rebates are estimated based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis and projected market conditions in the various markets served. the company evaluates market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information.
sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical sales and returns information. products that exhibit unusual sales or return patterns due to dating, competition or other marketing matters are specifically investigated and analyzed as part of the accounting for sales return accruals.
sales returns allowances represent a reserve for products that may be returned due to expiration, destruction in the field, or in specific areas, product recall. the sales returns reserve is based on historical return trends by product and by market as a percent to gross sales. in accordance with the company's accounting policies, the company generally issues credit to customers for returned goods. the company's sales returns reserves are accounted for in accordance with the u.s. gaap guidance for revenue recognition when right of return exists. sales returns reserves are recorded at full sales value. sales returns in the consumer health and pharmaceutical segments are almost exclusively not resalable. sales returns for certain franchises in the medtech segment are typically resalable but are not material. the company infrequently exchanges products from inventory for returned products. the sales returns reserve for the total company has been approximately 1.0% of annual net trade sales during the fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020.
promotional programs, such as product listing allowances and cooperative advertising arrangements, are recorded in the same period as related sales. continuing promotional programs include coupons and volume-based sales incentive programs. the redemption cost of consumer coupons is based on historical redemption experience by product and value. volume-based incentive programs are based on the estimated sales volumes for the incentive period and are recorded as products are sold. these arrangements are evaluated to determine the appropriate amounts to be deferred or recorded as a reduction of revenue. the company also earns profit-share payments through collaborative arrangements of certain products, which are included in sales to customers. profit-share payments were less than 2.0% of the total revenues in fiscal year 2022 and less than 3.0% of the total revenues in fiscal years 2021 and 2020 and are included in sales to customers.
in addition, the company enters into collaboration arrangements that contain multiple revenue generating activities. amounts due from collaborative partners for these arrangements are recognized as each activity is performed or delivered, based on the relative selling price. upfront fees received as part of these arrangements are deferred and recognized over the performance period. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional disclosures on collaborations.
reasonably likely changes to assumptions used to calculate the accruals for rebates, returns and promotions are not anticipated to have a material effect on the financial statements. the company currently discloses the impact of changes to assumptions in the quarterly or annual filing in which there is a material financial statement impact.
below are tables that show the progression of accrued rebates, returns, promotions, reserve for doubtful accounts and reserve for cash discounts by segment of business for the fiscal years ended january 1, 2023 and january 2, 2022.
consumer health segment
(dollars in millions)                                      balance at                accruals        payments/credits                    balance at beginning of period                                                                 end of period
(1)includes reserve for customer rebates of $82 million at january 1, 2023 and $80 million at january 2, 2022, recorded as a contra asset.
(dollars in millions)                                      balance at                  accruals        payments/credits(2)                    balance at beginning of period                                                                      end of period
(1)includes reserve for customer rebates of $203 million at january 1, 2023 and $218 million at january 2, 2022, recorded as a contra asset.
(2)includes prior period adjustments medtech segment
(dollars in millions)                                      balance at                accruals        payments/credits                    balance at beginning of period                                                                 end of period
(1)includes reserve for customer rebates of $802 million at january 1, 2023 and $845 million at january 2, 2022, recorded as a contra asset.
income taxes: income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current year and include the results of any difference between u.s. gaap accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. the company estimates deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities.
the company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. the company follows u.s. gaap, which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. management believes that changes in these estimates would not have a material effect on the company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
the company has recorded deferred tax liabilities on all undistributed earnings prior to december 31, 2017 from its international subsidiaries. the company has not provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings subsequent to january 1, 2018 from certain international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. the company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in those international operations. if the company decides at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the u.s., the company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. the company estimates that the tax effect of this repatriation would be approximately $0.5 billion under currently enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. this amount does not include the possible benefit of u.s. foreign tax credits, which may substantially offset this cost.
see note 1 and note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding income taxes.
legal and self insurance contingencies: the company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings and product liability claims as these arise in the normal course of business. the accruals are based on management's judgment as to the probability of losses and, where applicable, actuarially determined estimates. the company has self insurance through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. in addition to accruals in the self insurance program, claims that exceed the insurance coverage are accrued when losses are probable and amounts can be reasonably estimated.
the company follows the provisions of u.s. gaap when recording litigation related contingencies. a liability is recorded when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated.
see notes 1 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding product liability and legal proceedings.
long-lived and intangible assets: the company assesses changes, both qualitatively and quantitatively, in economic conditions and makes assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows in evaluating the value of the company's property, plant and equipment, goodwill and intangible assets. as these assumptions and estimates may change over time, it may or may not be necessary for the company to record impairment charges.
employee benefit plans: the company sponsors various retirement and pension plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which cover most employees worldwide. these plans are based on assumptions for the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, mortality rates, expected salary increases, healthcare cost trend rates and attrition rates. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further details on these rates.
stock based compensation: the company recognizes compensation expense associated with the issuance of equity instruments to employees for their services. based on the type of equity instrument, the fair value is estimated on the date of grant using either the black-scholes option valuation model or a combination of both the black-scholes option valuation model and monte carlo valuation model, and is expensed in the financial statements over the service period. the input assumptions used in determining fair value are the expected life, expected volatility, risk-free rate and expected dividend yield. for performance share units, the fair market value is calculated for the two component goals at the date of grant: adjusted operational earnings per share and relative total shareholder return. the fair values for the earnings per share goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the fair market value of the shares at the time of the award, discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the performance share units during the vesting period. the fair value for the relative total shareholder return goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the monte carlo valuation model. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
new accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of january 1, 2023.
economic and market factors the company is aware that its products are used in an environment where, for more than a decade, policymakers, consumers and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of healthcare. in response to these concerns, the company has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly. for the period 2012 - 2022, in the u.s., the weighted average compound annual growth rate of the company's net price increases for healthcare products (prescription and over-the-counter drugs, hospital and professional products) was below the u.s. consumer price index (cpi).
the company operates in certain countries where the economic conditions continue to present significant challenges. the company continues to monitor these situations and take appropriate actions. inflation rates continue to have an effect on worldwide economies and, consequently, on the way companies operate. the company has accounted for operations in argentina and venezuela as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. beginning in the fiscal second quarter of 2022, the company accounted for operations in turkey as highly inflationary, as the prior three-year cumulative inflation rate surpassed 100%. this did not have a material impact to the company's results in the period. in the face of increasing costs, the company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements and periodic price increases.
russia-ukraine war although the long-term implications of russia's invasion of ukraine are difficult to predict at this time, the financial impact of the conflict in the fiscal 2022, including accounts receivable or inventory reserves, was not material. as of both the fiscal years ending january 1, 2023 and january 2, 2022, the business of the company's ukraine subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the company's consolidated assets and revenues. as of both the fiscal years ending january 1, 2023 and january 2, 2022, the business of the company's russian subsidiaries represented less than 1% of the company's consolidated assets and represented 1% of revenues.
in early march, the company took steps to suspend all advertising, enrollment in clinical trials, and any additional investment in russia. additionally, at the end of march, the company made the decision to suspend supply of personal care products in russia. the company continues to supply its other products as patients rely on many of the products for healthcare purposes.
the company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. a 1% change in the value of the u.s. dollar as compared to all foreign currencies in which the company had sales, income or expense in 2022 would have increased or decreased the translation of foreign sales by approximately $0.5 billion and net income by approximately $0.1 billion.
governments around the world consider various proposals to make changes to tax laws, which may include increasing or decreasing existing statutory tax rates. in connection with various government initiatives, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. a change in statutory tax rate in any country would result in the revaluation of the company's deferred tax assets and liabilities related to that particular jurisdiction in the period in which the new tax law is enacted.  this change would result in an expense or benefit recorded to the company's consolidated statement of earnings.  the company closely monitors these proposals as they arise in the countries where it operates. changes to the statutory tax rate may occur at any time, and any related expense or benefit recorded may be material to the fiscal quarter and year in which the law change is enacted.
the company faces various worldwide healthcare changes that may continue to result in pricing pressures that include healthcare cost containment and government legislation relating to sales, promotions, pricing and reimbursement of healthcare products.
changes in the behavior and spending patterns of purchasers of healthcare products and services, including delaying medical procedures, rationing prescription medications, reducing the frequency of physician visits and foregoing healthcare insurance coverage, as a result of the current global economic downturn, may continue to impact the company's businesses.
the company also operates in an environment increasingly hostile to intellectual property rights. firms have filed abbreviated new drug applications or biosimilar biological product applications with the u.s. fda or otherwise challenged the coverage and/or validity of the company's patents, seeking to market generic or biosimilar forms of many of the company's key pharmaceutical products prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. in the event the company is not successful in defending the patent claims challenged in the resulting lawsuits, generic or biosimilar versions of the products at issue will be introduced to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for those products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. there is also a risk that one or more competitors could launch a generic or biosimilar version of the product at issue following regulatory approval even though one or more valid patents are in place.
legal proceedings johnson & johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, employment, indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business.
the company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. as of january 1, 2023, the company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated. the company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with asc 450-20-25. for these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. the ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. to the extent adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the company, the company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.
in the company's opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the company's balance sheet, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position. however, the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations and cash flows for that period.
see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for further information regarding legal proceedings.
common stock the company's common stock is listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol jnj. as of february 10, 2023, there were 124,211 record holders of common stock of the company.