item 1a. risk factors in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, the following risks and uncertainties could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.
risks related to our business our business is significantly impacted by general macroeconomic conditions, and accordingly, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by further deterioration or a protracted extension of current macroeconomic challenges. the covid-19 pandemic, geopolitical instability, including the war in ukraine, actual and potential shifts in u.s. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies, as well as other global events, have significantly increased macroeconomic uncertainty at a global level. the current macroeconomic environment is characterized by record-high inflation, supply chain challenges, labor shortages, high interest rates, foreign currency exchange volatility, volatility in global capital markets and growing recession risk. such economic volatility could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and future market disruptions could negatively impact us. further, adverse macroeconomic conditions may affect our customers' and prospective customers' operations and financial condition and make it difficult for our customers and prospective customers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities, which may in turn cause our customers to limit their purchase orders or affect their ability to pay amounts owed to us in a timely manner or at all, or adversely affect prospective customers' ability or willingness to purchase our products. an economic downturn or a recession or increased uncertainty may also lead to increased credit and collectability risks, higher borrowing costs or reduced availability of capital and credit markets, reduced liquidity, adverse impacts on our suppliers, failures of counterparties including financial institutions and insurers, asset impairments, and declines in the value of our financial instruments.
pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks, such as the covid-19 pandemic, may disrupt our business, including, among other things, our supply chain and production processes, each of which could materially affect our operations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. the actual or perceived effects of a disease outbreak, epidemic, pandemic or similar widespread public health concern, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the global spread and unprecedented impact of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic created significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. the covid-19 pandemic led governments and other authorities around the world to implement significant measures intended to control the spread of the virus, including shelter-in-place orders, social distancing measures, business closures or restrictions on operations, quarantines, travel bans and restrictions and multi-step policies with the goal of re-opening these markets. while these restrictions have been lifted or eased in many jurisdictions as the rates of covid-19 infections have decreased or stabilized, a resurgence of the pandemic or other widespread public health concerns in some markets could lead to re-implementation of restrictions and impact our ability to perform critical functions. a shutdown of one or more of our manufacturing, warehousing or distribution facilities as a result of illness, government restrictions or other workforce disruptions or absenteeism, or reductions in capacity utilization levels, could result in us incurring additional direct costs and experiencing lost revenue. illness, travel restrictions or workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution or other business. these disruptions or our failure to effectively respond to them, could increase product or distribution costs, or cause delays or inability to deliver products to our customers. we have experienced temporary disruptions to our supply chain in certain markets. these disruptions to our work force and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our suppliers, manufacturers, distributors or transportation and logistics providers also negatively affected the price and availability of our raw materials and impacted our supply chain. a resurgence of the covid-19 pandemic or other widespread public health concerns could materially impact our ability to meet the demands of our customers. the potential impact of covid-19 or other widespread public health concerns on any of our production or logistics providers could include, but is not limited to, problems with their respective businesses, finances, labor matters (including illness or absenteeism in workforce or closure due to positive testing), ability to import and secure ingredients and packaging, product quality issues, costs, production, insurance and reputation. any of the foregoing could negatively affect the price and availability of our products and impact our supply chain. if the disruptions caused by covid-19 or other widespread public health concerns continue for an extended period of time, our ability to meet the demand for our products may be materially impacted.
the impact of covid-19 may also heighten other risks discussed in this "risk factors" section.
we may not realize the benefits we expect from revenue growth management. we are utilizing formal revenue growth management practices to help us realize price in a more effective way. this data-driven approach addresses price strategy, price-pack architecture, promotion strategy, mix management, and trade strategies. revenue growth management involves changes to the way we do business and may not always be accepted by our customers, consumers or third-party providers causing us not to realize the anticipated benefits. in addition, the complexity of the execution requires a substantial amount of management and operational resources. these and related demands on our resources may divert the organization's attention from other business issues and have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. any failure to execute revenue growth management in accordance with our plans, including as a result of our revenue growth management process, could adversely affect our business or financial condition.
our results may be negatively impacted if consumers do not maintain their favorable perception of our brands. we have a number of iconic brands with significant value. promoting and protecting the value of these brands is critical to the success of our business. brand value is primarily based on consumer perceptions. successful promotion and brand value enhancement depends in large part on our ability to provide high-quality products. brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of factors, including consumer perception that we, or any of our employees or agents, have acted in an irresponsible manner, adverse publicity about our labor relations (whether or not valid), our products (whether or not valid), our failure to maintain the quality of our products, the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences, the products becoming unavailable to consumers, or the failure to meet the nutrition expectations of our products or particular ingredients in our products (whether or not valid), including the perception of healthfulness of our products or their ingredients. in addition, due to our varied and geographically diverse consumer base, we must be responsive to local consumers, including when and how consumers consume food products and their desire for premium or value offerings and whether to provide an array of products that satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences. accordingly, we might fail to anticipate consumer preferences with respect to dietary trends or purchasing behaviors, invest sufficiently in maintaining, extending and expanding our brand image or achieve the desired effects of our marketing efforts or use data-driven marketing and advertising to reach consumers at the right time with the right message. the growing use of social and digital media platforms by consumers, kellogg and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. negative posts or comments about kellogg, our brands, our products, our labor relations or any of our employees or agents on social or digital media platforms could seriously damage our brands, reputation and brand loyalty, regardless of the information's accuracy.
placement of our advertisements in digital media may also result in damage to our brands if the media itself experiences negative publicity itself. the harm may be immediate, and we may not be afforded an opportunity for redress or correction. brand recognition and loyalty can also be impacted by the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, marketing programs, influencers and sponsorships, as well as our use of social media. if we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands, our results could be negatively impacted.
business disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. we have a complex network of suppliers, owned manufacturing locations, contract manufacturer locations, warehousing and distribution networks and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. our ability to make, move and sell products globally is critical to our success. factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, such as product or raw material scarcity, workforce disruptions, weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters, water availability, fires or explosions, terrorism, political unrest, government restrictions, mandates or shutdowns, tariffs and other trade restrictions, cybersecurity breaches, health pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, disruptions in logistics, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, supplier capacity constraints, or strikes, could damage or disrupt our operations or our suppliers', their suppliers or our contract manufacturers' operations. if we do not effectively prepare for and respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, technology, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers. if that occurs, we may lose our customers' confidence, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. in addition, insurance policies that may provide coverage with regard to such events may not cover any or all of the resulting financial losses. these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have experienced temporary workforce disruptions in our supply chain as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we have implemented employee safety measures, based on guidance from the centers for disease control and prevention, occupational safety and health administration and world health organization, across all our supply chain facilities, including proper hygiene, social distancing, mask use, and temperature screenings. illness, travel restrictions, absenteeism, or other workforce disruptions could negatively affect our supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, or other business processes.
many of our employees are covered by collectively-bargained agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collectively-bargained agreements. strikes or work stoppages and interruptions have occurred, including an almost three-month long strike in fiscal 2021 related to negotiations of a collectively bargained agreement at our u.s. ready-to-eat cereal manufacturing locations, and could occur in the future if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms, which could adversely impact our operating results.
in addition, we may be unable to meet the demand for our products during certain business disruptions. for instance, we experienced increased demand for many of our products during the covid-19 pandemic and were, at times, unable to fill all customer orders. short term or sustained increases in consumer demand at our retail customers may exceed our production capacity or otherwise strain our supply chain. we may face additional production disruptions in the future, which may place constraints on our ability to produce products in a timely manner or may increase our costs. our failure to meet the demand for our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we may not achieve our targeted cost savings and efficiencies from cost reduction initiatives. our success depends in part on our ability to be an efficient producer in a highly competitive industry. we have invested a significant amount in capital expenditures to improve our operational facilities. ongoing operational issues are likely to occur when carrying out major production, procurement, manufacturing or logistical changes and these, as well as any failure by us to achieve our planned cost savings and efficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability. disruptions and uncertainties related to adverse macroeconomic conditions, including rising inflation and economic slowdowns or recessions, for a sustained period of time could result in delays or modifications to our strategic plans and other initiatives and hinder our ability to achieve our cost savings and productivity initiatives on the same timelines.
structural and organizational risks the proposed separation of our north american cereal business is subject to various risks and uncertainties and may not be completed in accordance with the expected plans or anticipated timeline, or at all, and will involve significant time, expense, and resources, which could disrupt or adversely affect our business. on june 21, 2022, the company announced a plan to separate its north american cereal business, via a tax-free spin-off, with a target to complete the transaction by the end of 2023, resulting in two independent public companies, each better positioned to unlock their full standalone potential. we cannot assure that the separation transaction will be completed on the anticipated timeline or at all or that the terms of the separation will not change. the transaction will follow the satisfaction of customary conditions, including reviews and final approval by kellogg's board of directors, receipt of an internal revenue service ruling and relevant tax opinions with respect to the tax-free nature of the transaction, effectiveness of appropriate filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission, and acceptance of the north american cereal company's common stock for listing by a national securities exchange approved by kellogg's board of directors, the completion of audited financials of the new independent company, among others. the failure to satisfy any of the required conditions could delay the completion of the separation for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring at all.
unanticipated developments, including changes in the competitive conditions of our markets, possible delays in obtaining various tax opinions or rulings or failure of the spin-off transaction to qualify for non-recognition treatment for u.s. federal income tax purposes, or for tax-deferred treatment for canadian federal and provincial income tax purposes, the filing and effectiveness of appropriate filings with the sec and the listing on a stock exchange, negotiating challenges, the uncertainty of the financial markets, changes in the law, and challenges in executing the separation of the business, could delay or prevent the completion of the separation, or cause the separation to occur on terms or conditions that are different or less favorable than initially expected. any changes to the separation or delay in completing the separation could cause us not to realize some or all of the expected benefits, or realize them on a different timeline than initially expected. further, our board of directors could decide, either because of a failure of conditions or because of market or other factors, to abandon the separation. no assurance can be given as to whether and when the separation will occur.
whether or not we complete the separation, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and we may be subject to certain risks and consequences as a result of pursuing the separation our north american cereal business, including the following:
•we have incurred expenses in connection with the separation, and expect that the process of completing the separation will be time-consuming and involve significant additional costs and expenses, which may not yield a discernible benefit if the separation is not completed.
•executing the separation will require significant time and attention from our senior management and employees, which may divert management's attention from operating and growing our business and could adversely affect our business, financial results, and results of operations. our employees may also be distracted due to uncertainty about their future roles with the separate companies pending completion of the separation.
•we may also experience increased difficulties in attracting, retaining, and motivating employees during the pendency of the separation and following completion of the separation transaction, which could harm our businesses. in addition, if the separation is not completed, we will still be required to pay certain costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, such as legal, accounting, and other professional fees.
•some of our customers or suppliers may delay or defer decisions or may end their relationships with us.
•we may experience negative reactions from the financial markets if we fail to complete the separation or fail to complete it on a timely basis.
•the announcement and pendency of the separation may cause some investors to sell our shares, creating greater volatility in the trading price of our shares and potentially causing market prices to decline.
any of the above factors could cause the separation (or the failure to execute the separation) to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock.
the separation may not achieve the anticipated benefits and will expose us to new risks. we may not realize the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, or other benefits from the separation of our north american cereal business. we cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the separation will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved. if the separation is completed, our operational and financial profile will change and we will face new risks. as an independent company, our north american cereal business will be a smaller, less-diversified company and may be more vulnerable to adverse regulations, economic climate, consumer trends, market fluctuations, including commodity price fluctuations or supply shortages, and other adverse events. there is no assurance that, following the separation, the north american cereal business will be successful. the announcement and/or completion of the separation may cause uncertainty for or disruptions with our customers, partners, suppliers, and employees, which may negatively impact these relationships or our operations. in addition, we will incur one-time costs and ongoing costs in connection with, or as a result of, the separation, including costs of operating as independent, publicly-traded companies that the two businesses will no longer be able to share. those costs may exceed our estimates or could negate some of the benefits we expect to realize. if we do not realize the intended benefits or if our costs exceed our estimates, we or the business that is spun off could suffer a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, and trading price of us or the separated north american cereal business.
if the proposed separation is completed, the trading price of our common stock may decline and may experience greater volatility. upon completion of the proposed separation, because the trading price for our shares will no longer reflect the value of the separated business, such trading price may be lower than immediately prior to the separation. in addition, until the market has fully analyzed our value without the separated business, the price of our shares may experience greater volatility. if the proposed separation is completed, our shares may not match some holders' investment strategies or meet minimum criteria for inclusion in stock market indices or portfolios, which could cause certain investors to sell their shares, which could lead to declines in the trading price of our common stock. further, there can be no assurance that the combined value of the shares of the two resulting companies will be equal to or greater than what the value of our common stock would have been had the proposed separation not occurred.
if we pursue strategic acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures, we may not be able to successfully consummate favorable transactions or successfully integrate acquired businesses. from time to time, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, alliances, divestitures or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. with respect to acquisitions, we may not be able to identify suitable candidates, consummate a transaction on terms that are favorable to us, integrate the acquired business into our existing operations in a timely and cost-efficient manner, including implementation of enterprise-resource planning systems, or achieve expected returns, expected synergies and other benefits as a result of integration or other challenges, or may not achieve those objectives on a timely basis. future acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would subject us to local laws and regulations and could potentially lead to risks related to, among other things, increased exposure to foreign exchange rate changes, government price control, repatriation of profits and liabilities relating to the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa").
with respect to proposed divestitures of assets or businesses, we may encounter difficulty in finding acquirers or alternative exit strategies on terms that are favorable to us, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives, or our divestiture activities may require us to recognize impairment charges. companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks, including diversion of management attention from existing core businesses, integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, and adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
to the extent we undertake divestitures in the future, we may face additional risks related to such activity. for example, risks related to our ability to find appropriate buyers, to execute transactions on favorable terms, to separate divested businesses from our remaining operations, and to effectively manage any transitional service arrangements. any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
further, our participation in joint ventures may cause our results of operations and cash flows to fluctuate for reasons unrelated to the underlying financial performance of the joint venture. the manner and extent to which the financial results of joint ventures are reflected in our consolidated financial statements depend upon how the ownership and governance of a particular joint venture is characterized under gaap including assessing the financial and governance control of the joint venture. changes at kellogg unrelated to the joint venture, such as a change of control, may result in changes to how a joint venture is assessed under gaap. if a joint venture that we currently consolidate in our financial statements becomes unconsolidated, or vice versa, this could have an adverse effect on our reported revenues, results of operations and/or cash flows.
we may not be able to attract, develop and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. we depend on the skills and continued service of key personnel, including our experienced management team. in addition, our ability to achieve our strategic and operating goals depends on our ability to identify, recruit, hire, train and retain qualified individuals, including, for example, individuals with e-commerce, digital marketing and data analytics capabilities and skilled labor in our manufacturing facilities. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract, recruit, train, develop and retain other talented personnel. recruiting and retention of talent has become especially challenging in the current employment market, fueled in part by changes due to the covid-19 pandemic. any such loss, failure or negative perception with respect to these individuals may adversely affect our business or financial results. in addition, activities related to identifying, recruiting, hiring and integrating qualified individuals may require significant time and expense. we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any key employees who terminate their employment, or offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, each of which may adversely affect our business and financial results. additionally, changes in regional preferences, immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate skilled employees.
risks related to our industry our results may be materially and adversely impacted as a result of increases in the price of raw materials, including agricultural commodities, packaging, fuel and labor. agricultural commodities, including vegetable oils, wheat, corn, sugar, fruits and nuts, potato flakes, rice and cocoa, are the principal raw materials used in our products. cartonboard, corrugated, and flexible packaging are the principal packaging materials used by us. the cost of such commodities may fluctuate widely due to government policy, regulation, and/or shutdown, import and export requirements (including tariffs), global geopolitical conditions (including war, such as the war in ukraine), general economic conditions (including inflationary pressures), sanctions, drought and other weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change), a pandemic illness (such as the covid-19 outbreak), environmental or other sustainability regulation, or other unforeseen circumstances. specifically, certain ingredients, packaging and other goods and services were impacted by the covid-19 pandemic and have continued to be impacted by an unfavorable macroeconomic environment, including as a result of (among other things) labor shortages and inflationary pressures, and although we are unable to predict the impact to our ability to source such materials and services in the future, we expect these supply pressures and market disruptions to continue into 2023. to the extent that any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of such commodities and we are unable to increase our prices or adequately hedge against such changes in prices in a manner that offsets such changes, the results of our operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, we use derivatives to hedge price risk associated with forecasted purchases of raw materials. our hedged price could exceed the spot price on the date of purchase, resulting in an unfavorable impact on both gross margin and net earnings. also, sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may not adjust their prices, or consumers may decide not to pay the higher prices or may increasingly purchase lower-priced offerings or forego some purchases altogether during an economic downturn or a recession or instances of increased inflationary pressures, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share. in an inflationary environment, such as the current economic environment, depending on the market conditions of the food industry and the raising of interest rates by the united states federal reserve, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins, and continued inflationary pressures could impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. food processing equipment at our facilities is regularly fueled by electricity, oil, natural gas or propane, which are obtained from local utilities or other local suppliers. short-term stand-by propane and/or oil storage exists at several plants for use in case of interruption in natural gas supplies. in addition, considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products. the cost of fuel may fluctuate widely due to economic and political conditions, government policy, regulation and/or shutdown, war, or other unforeseen circumstances which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition.
our results may be adversely affected by increases in transportation costs and reduced availability of or increases in the price of oil or other fuels. we rely on trucking and railroad operators to deliver incoming ingredients to our manufacturing locations and to deliver finished products to our customers. shortages of truck drivers and railroad workers have contributed to increased freight costs, which has had a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. during 2021 and 2022, the cost of distribution generally increased due to an increase in transportation and logistics costs. transportation costs are further increasing as a result of high levels of long-haul driver turnover and increased railroad traffic and service issues. additionally, energy and fuel costs can fluctuate dramatically and, at times, have resulted in significant cost increases, particularly for the price of oil and gasoline.
we operate in the highly competitive food industry, including with respect to retail and shelf space. we face competition across our product lines, including snacks, ready-to-eat cereals and other convenience foods, from other companies that have varying abilities to withstand changes in market conditions. the principal aspects of our business where we face competition include brand recognition, taste, nutritional value, price, promotion, innovation, shelf space, navigating the growing e- commerce marketplace, convenient ordering and delivery to the consumer and customer service. most of our competitors have substantial financial, marketing, sales and other resources, and some of our competitors may spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities than we do. our competition with other companies in our various markets and product lines could cause us to reduce prices, increase capital, marketing or other expenditures, or lose category share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. our ability to compete also depends upon our ability to predict, identify, and interpret the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to those preferences. there are inherent marketplace risks associated with new product or packaging introductions, including uncertainties about trade and consumer acceptance. if we do not succeed in offering products that consumers want to buy, our sales and market share will decrease, resulting in reduced profitability. if we are unable to accurately predict which shifts in consumer preferences will be long-lasting, or are unable to introduce new and improved products to satisfy those preferences, our sales will decline. in addition, given the variety of backgrounds and identities of consumers in our consumer base, we must offer a sufficient array of products to satisfy the broad spectrum of consumer preferences.
in some cases, our competitors may be able to respond to changing business and economic conditions or consumer preferences more quickly than us. category share and growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing new products, anticipating changes in consumer preferences with respect to dietary trends or purchasing behaviors or in effectively assessing, changing and setting proper pricing.
in addition, in nearly all of our product categories, we compete against branded products as well as private label products. our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers than alternatives, particularly during periods of economic uncertainty. consumers may not buy our products if relative differences in value and/or quality between our products and private label products change in favor of competitors' products or if consumers perceive this type of change. if consumers prefer private label products, which are typically sold at lower prices, then we could lose category share or sales volumes or shift our product mix to lower margin offerings, which could have a material effect on our business and consolidated financial position and on the consolidated results of our operations and profitability.
further, our ability to compete may be limited by an inability to secure new retailers or maintain or add shelf and/or retail space for our products. there can be no assurance that retailers will provide sufficient, or any, shelf space, nor that online retailers will provide online access to, or adequate product visibility on, their platform. unattractive placement or pricing may put our products at a disadvantage compared to those of our competitors. even if we obtain shelf space or preferable shelf placement, our new and existing products may fail to achieve the sales expectations set by our retailers, potentially causing these retailers to remove our products from their shelves.
the changing retail environment and the growing presence of alternative retail channels, could negatively impact our sales and profits. our businesses are largely concentrated in the traditional retail grocery trade. our largest customer, wal-mart stores, inc. and its affiliates, accounted for approximately 18% of consolidated net sales during 2022, comprised principally of sales within the united states. no other customer accounted for greater than 10% of net sales in 2022. during 2022, our top five customers, collectively, including wal-mart, accounted for approximately 32% of our consolidated net sales and approximately 53% of u.s. net sales. there can be no assurances that our largest customers will continue to purchase our products in the same mix or quantities or on the same terms as in the past. as the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and retailers become larger, our large retail customers have sought, and may continue to seek in the future, to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency, lower pricing, increased promotional programs funded by their suppliers and more favorable terms. such consolidation can continue to adversely impact our smaller customers' ability to compete effectively, resulting in an inability on their part to pay for our products or reduced or canceled orders of our products. in addition, larger retailers have the scale to develop supply chains that permit them to operate with reduced inventories or to develop and market their own private label products. if we are unable to use our scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and category leadership positions to respond, our profitability or volume growth could be negatively affected. as a result of the consolidated nature of the retail environment, the loss of any large customer or severe adverse impact on the business operations of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits.
additionally, alternative retail channels, such as e-commerce retailers (including as a result of the integration of traditional and digital operations at key retailers), subscription services, discount and dollar stores, direct-to-consumer brands, drug stores and club stores, have continued to grow. this trend away from traditional retail grocery, and towards such channels, is expected to continue in the future. if we are not successful in expanding sales in alternative retail channels, our business or financial results may be negatively impacted. in particular, substantial growth in e-commerce has encouraged the entry of new competitors and business models, intensifying competition by simplifying distribution and lowering barriers to entry. the expanding presence of e-commerce retailers has impacted, and may continue to impact, consumer preferences and market dynamics, which in turn may negatively affect our sales or profits. in addition, these alternative retail channels may create consumer price deflation, affecting our large retail and wholesale customer relationships and presenting additional challenges to increasing prices in response to commodity or other cost increases. also, if these alternative retail channels, such as e-commerce retailers were to take significant share away from traditional retailers that could have a flow over effect on our business and our financial results could be negatively impacted.
our consolidated financial results and demand for our products are dependent on the successful development of new products and processes. there are a number of trends in consumer preferences which may impact us and the industry as a whole. these include changing consumer dietary trends and the availability of substitute products. our success is dependent on anticipating changes in consumer preferences and on successful new product and process development and product relaunches in response to such changes. trends within the food industry change often, and failure to identify and react to changes in these trends could lead to, among other things, reduced loyalty, reduced demand and price reductions for our brands and products. we aim to introduce products or new or improved production processes on a timely basis in order to counteract obsolescence and decreases in sales of existing products. while we devote significant focus to the development of new products and to the research, development and technology process functions of our business, we may not be successful in developing new products or our new products may not be commercially successful. in addition, if sales generated by new products cause a decline in sales of the company's existing products, the company's financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. our future results and our ability to maintain or improve our competitive position will depend on our capacity to gauge the direction of our key markets and upon our ability to successfully identify, develop, manufacture, market and sell new or improved products in these changing markets, including through the expansion into complementary product categories.
adverse changes in the global climate or extreme weather conditions could adversely affect our business or operations. as set forth in the intergovernmental panel on climate change fifth assessment report, there is continuing scientific evidence, as well as concern from members of the general public, that emissions of greenhouse gases and contributing human activities have caused and will continue to cause significant changes in global temperatures and weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of weather events, wildfires and flooding. as the pressures from climate change and global population growth lead to increased demand, the food system and global supply chain is becoming increasingly vulnerable to acute shocks, leading to increased prices and volatility, especially in the energy and commodity markets. adverse changes such as these could (i) unfavorably impact the cost or availability of raw or packaging materials, especially if such events have a negative impact on agricultural productivity or on the supply of water, (ii) disrupt production schedules and our ability, or the ability of our suppliers or contract manufacturers, to manufacture or distribute our products, (iii) reduce crop size or quality, (iv) disrupt the retail operations of our customers, or (v) unfavorably impact the demand for, or the consumer's ability to purchase, our products.
additionally, we face climate-related transition risks, including new legislation and regulation aimed at addressing climate change and shifts in market preferences for more sustainable products and services. there is an increased focus by foreign, federal, state and local regulatory and legislative bodies regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies and sustainability, including single use plastics. this new or increased focus may result in new or increasingly stringent laws and regulations that could increase the risk that we are subject to litigation or government enforcement actions and require us to incur increased legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly, and place strain on our personnel, systems and resources. in particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. in addition, consumers and customers may put an increased priority on purchasing products that are sustainably grown and made, requiring us to incur increased costs for additional transparency, due diligence and reporting. as a result, climate change as well as actions taken to mitigate climate change could negatively affect our business and operations.
risks related to our operations a shortage in the labor pool, failure to successfully negotiate collectively bargained agreements, or other general inflationary pressures or changes in applicable laws and regulations could increase labor cost, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. our labor costs include the cost of providing benefits for employees. we sponsor a number of benefit plans for employees in the united states and various foreign locations, including pension, retiree health and welfare, active health care, severance and other post-employment benefits. we also participate in multiemployer pension plans for certain of our manufacturing locations. our major pension plans and u.s. collectively bargained retiree health and welfare plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of equity securities with smaller holdings of bonds, real estate and other investments. the annual cost of benefits can vary significantly from year to year and is materially affected by such factors as changes in the assumed or actual rate of return on major plan assets, a change in the weighted-average discount rate used to measure obligations, the rate or trend of health care cost inflation, and the outcome of collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements. many of our employees are covered by collectively-bargained agreements and other employees may seek to be covered by collectively-bargained agreements. strikes or work stoppages and interruptions have occurred, including am almost three-month long strike in fiscal 2021 related to negotiation of a collectively bargained agreement at our u.s. ready-to-eat cereal manufacturing locations. strikes or work stoppages could occur in the future at any of our collectively-bargained locations if we are unable to renew our current collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements on satisfactory terms, which could adversely impact our operating results. the terms and conditions of existing, renegotiated or new agreements could also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency. furthermore, we rely on access to competitive, local labor supply, including skilled and unskilled positions, to operate our business consistently and reliably. we may encounter difficulty recruiting sufficient numbers of personnel at acceptable wage and benefit levels due to the competitive labor market. our inability to attract, develop and retain the personnel necessary for the efficient operation of our business could result in higher costs and decreased productivity and efficiency, which may have a material adverse effect on our performance.
multiemployer pension plans could adversely affect our business. we participate in "multiemployer" pension plans administered by labor unions representing some of our u.s. based employees. we make periodic contributions to these plans to allow them to meet their pension benefit obligations to their participants. our required contributions to these funds could increase because of a shrinking contribution base as a result of the insolvency or withdrawal of other companies that currently contribute to these funds, inability or failure of withdrawing companies to pay their withdrawal liability, lower than expected returns on pension fund assets or other funding deficiencies. in the event that we withdraw from participation in one of these plans, then applicable law could require us to make withdrawal liability payments, and we would have to reflect that as an expense in our consolidated statement of operations and as a liability on our consolidated balance sheet. our withdrawal liability obligation to a multiemployer plan would depend, in part, on the extent of the plan's funding of vested benefits. in the ordinary course of our renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements with labor unions that maintain these plans, we may decide to discontinue participation in a plan, and in that event, we could face a withdrawal liability. one of the multiemployer plans in which we participate is reported to have significant underfunded liabilities. such underfunding could impact the size of our potential withdrawal liability.
our postretirement benefit-related costs and funding requirements could increase as a result of volatility in the financial markets, changes in interest rates and actuarial assumptions. increases in the costs of postretirement medical and pension benefits may continue and could negatively affect our business as a result of increased usage of medical benefits by retired employees and medical cost inflation, an increase in participants enrolled, the effect of potential declines in the stock and bond markets on the performance of our pension and post-retirement plan assets, potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our benefit obligations, and changes to our investment strategy that may impact our expected return on pension and post-retirement plan assets assumptions. u.s. generally accepted accounting principles require that we calculate income or expense for the plans using actuarial valuations. these valuations reflect assumptions about financial markets and interest rates, which may change based on economic conditions. the company's accounting policy for defined benefit plans may subject earnings to volatility due to the recognition of actuarial gains and losses, particularly those due to the change in the fair value of pension and post-retirement plan assets and interest rates. in addition, funding requirements for our plans may become more significant. however, the ultimate amounts to be contributed are dependent upon, among other things, interest rates, underlying asset returns, and the impact of legislative or regulatory changes related to pension and post-retirement funding obligations.
we use available borrowings under the credit facilities and other available debt financing for cash to operate our business, which subjects us to market and counter-party risk, some of which is beyond our control. in addition to cash we generate from our business, our principal existing sources of cash are borrowings available under our credit facilities and other available debt financing. if our access to such financing was unavailable or reduced, or if such financing were to become significantly more expensive for any reason, we may not be able to fund daily operations, which would cause material harm to our business or could affect our ability to operate our business as a going concern. in addition, if certain of our lenders experience difficulties that render them unable to fund future draws on the facilities, we may not be able to access all or a portion of these funds, which could have similar adverse consequences.
we utilize extended payment terms for customers and suppliers supplemented with third party financing programs to assist in effectively managing our core working capital. if the extension of payment terms is reversed or financial institutions terminate their participation, our ability to maintain current levels of core working capital could be adversely impacted. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. in order to mitigate the net working capital impact of offering extended customer payment terms, we entered into agreements to sell, on a revolving basis, certain trade accounts receivable balances to third party financial institutions (monetization programs). in addition, in combination with extending supplier payment terms, we have agreements with third parties (accounts payable program) to offer structured payables programs to our suppliers which enable suppliers, at their sole discretion, to enter bilateral agreements to sell company payment obligations to designated third-party financial institutions. if financial institutions were to terminate their participation in the monetization programs and we are not able to modify related customer payment terms, working capital could be negatively impacted. additionally, working capital could be negatively impacted if we shorten our supplier payment terms as a result of supplier negotiations. for suppliers participating in the accounts payable program, financial institutions may terminate their participation or we could experience a downgrade in our credit rating that could result in higher costs to suppliers. if working capital is negatively impacted as a result of these events and we were unable to secure alternative programs, we may have to utilize our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity or increase our long-term borrowings.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness. we have indebtedness that is substantial in relation to our shareholders' equity, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, or enter into off-balance sheet financing, which would increase our leverage risks. as of december 31, 2022, we had total debt of approximately $6.6 billion and total kellogg company equity of $3.9 billion. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences, including (i) impairing the ability to access global capital markets to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures or general corporate purposes, particularly if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward or if a rating organization announces that our ratings are under review for a potential downgrade, (ii) a downgrade in our credit ratings, particularly our short-term credit rating, would likely reduce the amount of commercial paper we could issue, increase our commercial paper borrowing costs, or both, (iii) restricting our flexibility in responding to changing market conditions or making us more vulnerable in the event of a general downturn in economic conditions or our business, (iv) requiring a substantial portion of the cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the funds available to us for other purposes such as expansion through acquisitions, paying dividends, repurchasing shares, marketing and other spending and expansion of our product offerings, (v) and causing us to be more leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our obligations with respect to indebtedness or incur new indebtedness will depend on our financial and operating performance, which in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions, the availability of, and interest rates on, short-term financing, and financial, business and other factors beyond our control.
an impairment of the carrying value of goodwill or other acquired intangibles could negatively affect our consolidated operating results and net worth. the carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date. the carrying value of other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks, trade names, and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date. goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized, but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. if carrying value exceeds current fair value, the intangible is considered impaired and is reduced to fair value via a charge to earnings. factors which could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced demand for our products; (ii) higher commodity prices; (iii) lower prices for our products or increased marketing as a result of increased competition; and (iv) significant disruptions to our operations as a result of both internal and external events. should the value of one or more of the acquired intangibles become impaired, our consolidated earnings and net worth may be materially adversely affected. furthermore, we continue to evaluate the potential impact of covid-19 on the fair value of our goodwill and other intangibles. while we concluded there were no indicators for any of our significant goodwill or other intangible assets as of december 31, 2022, any significant sustained adverse change in consumer purchasing behaviors, government restrictions, financial results, or macroeconomic conditions could result in future impairment.
as of december 31, 2022, the carrying value of intangible assets totaled approximately $8 billion, of which $5.7 billion was goodwill and $2.3 billion represented trademarks, tradenames, and other acquired intangibles compared to total assets of $18.5 billion and total kellogg company equity of $3.9 billion.
risks related to regulations and litigation we face risks related to tax matters, including changes in tax rates, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes. the company is subject to taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions where the company's subsidiaries are organized. due to economic and political conditions (including shifts in the geopolitical landscape), tax rates in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions have been and may be subject to significant change. the future effective tax rate could be effected by changes in mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in valuation of deferred tax asset and liabilities, or changes in tax laws or their interpretation which includes the tax cuts and jobs act (the "u.s. tax reform") and contemplated changes in other countries of long-standing tax principles if finalized and adopted could have a material impact on our income tax expense and deferred tax balances. we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the internal revenue service and other taxing authorities with respect to taxes inside and outside of the u.s. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, if a taxing authority disagrees with the positions we have taken, we could face additional tax liability, including interest and penalties. there can be no assurance that payment of such additional amounts upon final adjudication of any disputes will not have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. we also need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax laws and regulations. the enactment of or increases in tariffs, including value added tax, or other changes in the application of existing taxes, in markets in which we are currently active, or may be active in the future, or on specific products that we sell or with which our products compete, may have an adverse effect on our business or on our results of operations.
if our food products become adulterated, misbranded or mislabeled , we might need to recall those items and may experience regulatory enforcement and product liability if consumers are injured or damaged as a result. selling food products involves a number of legal, regulatory and other risks, including product contamination, food borne illnesses, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration, which could result in product liability claims. we may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated or misbranded. we may also be liable if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. a widespread product recall or market withdrawal could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. we could also suffer losses from a significant product liability or consumer fraud judgment against us. in addition, we could be the target of claims that our advertising is false or deceptive under u.s. federal and state laws as well as foreign laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. allegations of consumer fraud may result in fines, settlements and litigation expenses. a significant product recall, product liability or consumer fraud case could also result in adverse publicity, damage to our reputation, and a loss of consumer confidence in our food products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business results and the value of our brands. moreover, even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is meritless, does not prevail or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our company and our products or processes could adversely affect our reputation or brands. we could also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients, or the food safety system generally. if another company recalls or experiences negative publicity related to a product in a category in which we compete, consumers might reduce their overall consumption of products in this category. adverse publicity about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions.
evolving tax, advertising, environmental, licensing, labeling, trade, food quality and safety or other regulations or failure to comply with existing regulations and laws could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition. our activities and products, including our operation of our manufacturing facilities, both in and outside of the united states, are subject to regulation by various federal, state, provincial and local laws, regulations and government agencies, including the u.s. food and drug administration, u.s. federal trade commission, the u.s. departments of agriculture, commerce and labor, as well as similar and other authorities outside of the united states, international accords and treaties and others, including voluntary regulation by other bodies. legal and regulatory systems can change quickly. in addition, legal and regulatory systems in emerging and developing markets may be less developed, and less certain. these laws and regulations and interpretations thereof may change, sometimes dramatically, as a result of a variety of factors, including political, economic, regulatory or social events. in addition, the enforcement of remedies in certain foreign jurisdictions may be less certain, resulting in varying abilities to enforce intellectual property and contractual rights.
the manufacturing, marketing and distribution of food products are subject to governmental regulations that impose additional regulatory requirements. those regulations control such matters as food quality and safety (including the condition and operation of our manufacturing facilities where food is processed), ingredients, advertising, product or production requirements, labeling, sustainability of packaging (including plastics), import or export of our products or ingredients, relations with distributors and retailers, health and safety, the environment, and restrictions on the use of government programs, such as supplemental nutritional assistance program and the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants and children, to purchase certain of our products.
the marketing of food products has come under increased regulatory scrutiny in recent years, and the food industry has been subject to an increasing number of proceedings and claims relating to alleged false or deceptive labeling and marketing under federal, state and foreign laws or regulations. we are also regulated with respect to matters such as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, tax, anti-corruption standards, advertising and claims, and environmental matters. the need to comply with new, evolving or revised tax, environmental, food quality and safety, labeling or other laws or regulations, or new, evolving or changed interpretations or enforcement of existing laws or regulations, may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. governmental and administrative bodies within the u.s. are considering a variety of trade and other regulatory reforms. changes in legal or regulatory requirements (such as new food safety requirements and revised nutrition facts labeling, including front of pack labeling, and serving size regulations), or evolving interpretations of existing legal or regulatory requirements, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations that could adversely affect our business or financial results. if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas, we could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, termination of necessary licenses or permits, or recalls, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. even if regulatory review does not result in these types of determinations, it could potentially create negative publicity or perceptions which could harm our business or reputation.
modifications to international trade policy, including the ratification of the united states-mexico-canada agreement, changes in the european union (such as brexit), or the imposition of increased or new tariffs, quotas or trade barriers on key commodities with other countries could have a negative impact on us or the industries we serve, including as a result of related uncertainty, and could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. higher duties on existing tariffs or additional tariffs imposed by the united states on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by china or other countries in response, could result in an increase in supply chain costs that we are not able to offset.
our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets. however, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. in many countries outside of the united states, particularly those with emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the fcpa and the ukba, or local anti-bribery laws. these laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand and improve their production capacities. our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. if we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets. however, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. in many countries outside of the united states, particularly those with emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the fcpa and the ukba, or local anti-bribery laws. these laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, competition in emerging markets is increasing as our competitors grow their global operations and low cost local manufacturers expand and improve their production capacities. our success in emerging markets is critical to our growth strategy. if we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and regulatory risks, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
risks related to our intellectual property and technology technology failures, cyber attacks, privacy breaches or data breaches could disrupt our operations or reputation and negatively impact our business. we increasingly rely on information technology systems and third-party service providers, including through the internet, to process, transmit, and store electronic information.
for example, our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. information technology systems are also integral to the reporting of our results of operations. furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between, and storage of personal data of, our personnel, customers, consumers and suppliers depends on information technology. our information technology systems, and the systems of the parties we communicate and collaborate with, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, as a result of many of our employees working remotely, updating our enterprise platform or due to events beyond our or their control, including, but not limited to, network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, a pandemic illness (such as covid-19), failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events.
moreover, our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be subjected to computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other malicious codes, social engineering attacks, unauthorized access attempts, password theft, physical breaches, employee or inside error, malfeasance and cyber- or phishing-attacks. cyber threats are constantly evolving, are becoming more sophisticated and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives, and this increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. these events could compromise our confidential information, impede or interrupt our business operations, and may result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, loss of revenue, litigation and reputational damage. furthermore, if a breach or other breakdown results in disclosure of confidential or personal information, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm. to date, we have not experienced a material breach of cyber security. while we have implemented physical, administrative, and technical controls and taken other preventive actions, such as the maintenance of an information security program that includes updating our technology and security policies, insurance, employee training, and monitoring and routinely testing our information technology systems to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology; however, these measures may be insufficient to prevent physical and electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks or other security breaches to our computer systems.
the company offers promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other programs through which it may receive personal information, and it or its vendors could experience cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or other incidents that result in unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or company information. the company must also successfully integrate the technology systems of acquired companies into the company's existing and future technology systems. in addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal information in the united states and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal information. there continues to be significant uncertainty with respect to compliance with such privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including with respect to the european union general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") and the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (the "ccpa"), which went into effect on january 1, 2020 (each of which imposes additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal information and provides certain individual privacy rights to persons whose information is collected , because they are continuously evolving and developing and may be interpreted and applied differently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. in addition, regulations to implement portions of the ccpa have not been finalized and could significantly impact ccpa compliance measures. for example, the california privacy rights act (the "cpra"), which was approved by california voters as a ballot initiative in november 2020, modifies the ccpa significantly and the resulting new regulations became effective on january 1, 2023. several other states have introduced or passed similar legislation to the ccpa and cpra, which may impose varying standards and requirements on our data collection, use and processing activities. our efforts to comply with privacy and data protection laws, including the gdpr, ccpa and cpra, may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time.
if the company suffers a loss as a result of a breach or other breakdown in its technology, including such cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches, issues with or errors in system maintenance or security, migration of applications to the cloud, power outages, hardware or software failures, denial of service, telecommunication or other incident involving one of the company's vendors, that result in unauthorized disclosure or significant unavailability of business, financial, personal or stakeholder information, the company may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm and may be exposed to legal liability and government investigations, which may adversely affect the company's results of operations and/or financial condition. the misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in violations of data privacy laws and the company may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. the company could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems. in addition, if the company's suppliers or customers experience such a breach or unauthorized disclosure or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in the company's supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely affect the company's business operations. we have also outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to third-party service providers, including cloud-based service providers, and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. if these service providers do not perform effectively due to breach or system failure, we may not be able to achieve the expected benefits and our business may be disrupted.
our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products and brands. our intellectual property rights are a significant and valuable aspect of our business and include trademarks, patents, trade secrets, and copyrights owned or licensed under certain licensing agreements. we attempt to protect these intellectual property rights using the appropriate laws and agreements including licenses, development agreements, nondisclosure agreements, and assignments. we also police third party misuses of our intellectual property in traditional retail and digital environments. our failure to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property rights may diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. similarly, changes in applicable laws or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property, may also diminish our competitiveness and could materially harm our business. we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology, brands or products or operations. in addition, if, in the course of developing new products or improving the quality of existing products, we are found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, such finding could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations and may limit our ability to introduce new products or improve  the quality of existing products. any litigation regarding intellectual property rights could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly license agreements. we also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products.
general risk factors we are subject to risks generally associated with companies that operate globally. we are a global company and generated almost half of our net sales for both 2022 and 2021 outside the united states. we manufacture our products in 21 countries and have operations in more than 180 countries, so we are subject to risks inherent in multinational operations. those risks include (i) compliance with u.s. laws affecting operations outside of the united states, such as ofac trade sanction regulations and anti-boycott regulations, (ii) compliance with anti-corruption laws, including the fcpa and uk bribery act (the "ukba"), (iii) compliance with antitrust and competition laws, data privacy laws, and a variety of other local, national and multi-national regulations and laws in multiple regimes, (iv) changes in tax laws, interpretation of tax laws and tax audit outcomes, (v) fluctuations or devaluations in currency values, especially in emerging markets, (vi) changes in capital controls, including currency exchange controls, government currency policies or other limits on our ability to import raw materials or finished product or repatriate cash from outside the united states, (vii) changes in local regulations and laws, the lack of well-established, reliable and/or impartial legal systems in certain countries in which we operate and the uncertainty of enforcement of remedies in such jurisdictions, and foreign ownership restrictions and the potential for nationalization or expropriation of property or other resources, (viii) laws relating to information security, privacy (including the gdpr), cashless payments, and consumer protection, (ix) uncertainty relating to brexit and its impact on the local and international markets, the flow of goods and materials across borders, and political environments, (x) discriminatory or conflicting fiscal policies, (xi) challenges associated with cross-border product distribution, (xii) increased sovereign risk, such as default by or deterioration in the economies and credit worthiness of local governments, (xiii) varying abilities to enforce intellectual property, contractual, and other legal rights, (xiv) greater risk of uncollectible accounts and longer collection cycles, (xv) loss of ability to manage our operations in certain markets which could result in the deconsolidation of such businesses, (xvi) design and implementation of effective control environment processes across our diverse operations and employee base, (xvii) imposition of more or new tariffs, quotas, trade barriers, price controls, and similar restrictions in the countries in which we or our suppliers or manufacturers operate or regulations, taxes or policies that might negatively affect our sales, and (xviii) changes in trade policies and trade relations.
in addition, political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest and government shutdowns, civil strife, acts of war, public corruption, expropriation and other economic or political or social uncertainties could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. the slowdown in economic growth or high unemployment in some emerging markets could constrain consumer spending, and declining consumer purchasing power could adversely impact our profitability. continued instability in the banking and governmental sectors of certain countries in the european union or the dynamics associated with the federal and state debt and budget challenges in the united states could adversely affect us. all of these factors could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. there may be uncertainty as a result of key global events during 2022 that are expected to continue throughout 2023. for example, rising interest rates and inflation, recessionary pressures, geopolitical uncertainty, including wars (such as the conflict in ukraine), fiscal and monetary policy uncertainty, the continuing uncertainty related to the covid-19 pandemic, international trade disputes, as well as ongoing terrorist activity, may adversely impact global stock markets (including the new york stock exchange on which our common shares are traded) and general global economic conditions. all of these factors are outside of our control but may nonetheless cause us to adjust our strategy in order to compete effectively in global markets.
our performance is affected by general economic, political and social conditions and taxation policies. customer and consumer demand for our products may be impacted by the negative impacts caused by pandemics and public health crises (including the covid-19 pandemic), recession, financial and credit market disruptions, government shutdowns or other economic downturns in the united states or other nations. our results in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by changes in general economic, political and social conditions in the united states and other countries, including the interest rate environment in which we conduct business, the financial markets through which we access capital and currency, trade policy, political and social unrest and terrorist acts in the united states or other countries in which we carry on business.
deteriorating economic conditions in our major markets, such as inflation, economic slowdowns or recessions, increased unemployment, decreases in disposable income, declines in consumer confidence, including as a result of covid-19, could result in reductions in sales of our products, reduced acceptance of innovations, and increased price competition. such deterioration in any of the countries in which we do business could also cause slower collections on accounts receivable which may adversely impact our liquidity and financial condition. in addition, significant covid-19 related changes in the political conditions in markets in which we manufacture, sell or distribute our products (including quarantines, import/export restrictions, price controls, governmental or regulatory actions, closures, or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities, restrict our employees' ability to travel or perform necessary business functions or otherwise prevent our third-party suppliers or customers from sufficiently staffing operations, including operations necessary for the production, distribution, sale, and support of our products) could adversely impact our operations and results.
financial institutions may be negatively impacted by economic conditions, including rising inflation and interest rates, and may consolidate or cease to do business which could result in a tightening in the credit markets, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, and increased volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. adverse macroeconomic conditions have increased volatility and pricing in the capital markets and as a result, we may not have access to preferred sources of liquidity when needed or on terms we find acceptable, causing our borrowing costs could increase. an economic or credit crisis could impair credit availability and our ability to raise capital when needed. a disruption in the financial markets may have a negative effect on our derivative counterparties and could impair our banking or other business partners, on whom we rely for access to capital and as counterparties to our derivative contracts. any of these events would likely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operations face significant foreign currency exchange rate exposure and currency restrictions which could negatively impact our operating results. we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenue and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the euro, british pound, australian dollar, canadian dollar, mexican peso, brazilian real, nigerian naira, and russian ruble. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate our assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses into u.s. dollars at then-applicable exchange rates and face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. for example, as a result of the united kingdom's termination of membership in the european union under new trade and cross border operating agreements, there could be significant volatility in currency exchange rate fluctuations. consequently, changes in the value of the u.s. dollar may unpredictably and negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency.
geopolitical and international regulatory events, uncertainty or other factors may have a negative effect on global economic conditions, financial markets and our business. global political uncertainties, disruptions or major regulatory or policy changes, and/or the enforcement thereof may affect our business, financial performance, operations or products, including the ongoing impact of the united kingdom's exit from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit." while brexit became official as of january 31, 2020 (and the transition period expired on december 31, 2020), uncertainty remains regarding the consequences of brexit and its application. the uk and eu continue to discuss some elements of the post-brexit trade agreement (tca), which came into effect on january 1, 2021, in particular elements relating to the northern ireland protocol and the impact that has on trading borders between the eu and uk. the main trade provisions in the tca include the continuation of no tariffs or quotas on trade between the uk and eu subject to prescribed trade terms, including but not limited to meeting product and labeling standards for both the uk and eu. cross-border trade between the uk and eu is also subject to new customs regulations, documentation and reviews. in addition, as the eu and u.k. amend legislation and regulation post-brexit, there is a risk of increased divergence between the eu and u.k. regulatory regimes. kellogg has worked diligently to minimize the impact of brexit on the business, however, to comply with the new requirements, we have had to increase resources in customer service and logistics, in our factories, and on our customs support teams. we have adapted our processes and systems for the new and increased number of customs transactions. while trading through brexit has become normal course of business, we continue to closely monitor and manage our inventory levels of imported raw materials, packaging and finished goods in the uk. we have made investments in resources, systems and processes to meet the new ongoing requirements and we work to mitigate disruptions to our local supply chain and distribution to reduce the impact on our input and distribution costs. we also continue to monitor for divergence in regulatory rules which could impact our supply chain operations. despite our efforts to control costs, we have continued to see inflationary cost pressures rise in our uk business this year, as we have also experienced in other markets. if the uk's exit from, or new trade arrangements with, the eu negatively impact the uk economy or result in disagreements on trade terms then the impact to our operations, financial condition and cash flows could be material.
potential liabilities and costs from litigation could adversely affect our business. there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending our self in civil, criminal or regulatory actions (inclusive of class action lawsuits and foreign litigation), including under general, commercial, employment, environmental, data privacy or security, intellectual property, food quality and safety, anti-trust and trade, advertising and claims, and environmental laws and regulations, or in asserting our rights under various laws. for example, our marketing or claims could face allegations of false or deceptive advertising or other criticisms which could end up in litigation and result in potential liabilities or costs. furthermore, actions we have taken or may take, or decisions we have made or may make, as a consequence of the covid-19 pandemic, may result in investigations, legal claims or litigation against us. as a result, we could incur substantial costs and fees in defending our self or in asserting our rights in these actions or meeting new legal requirements. the costs and other effects of potential and pending litigation and administrative actions against us, and new legal requirements, cannot be determined with certainty and may differ from expectations. in addition, we may be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers, employees, and shareholders, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common stock, results of operations and financial condition.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations kellogg company and subsidiaries results of operations business overview the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to help the reader understand kellogg company, our operations and our present business environment. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in item 8 of this report, as well as part ii, 'item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2022, which provides additional information on comparisons of years 2021 and 2020.
for more than 115 years, consumers have counted on kellogg for great-tasting, high-quality and nutritious foods. these foods include snacks, such as crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars and bites; and convenience foods, such as ready-to-eat cereals, frozen waffles, veggie foods and noodles. kellogg products are manufactured and marketed globally. our md&a references consumption and net sales in discussing our sales trends for certain categories and brands. we record net sales upon delivery of shipments to our customers. consumption and share data noted within is based on nielsen x-aoc or other comparable source, for the applicable period. consumption refers to consumer purchases of our products from our customers. unless otherwise noted, consumption and shipment trends are materially consistent.
proposed separation transaction on june 21, 2022, the company announced its intent to separate its north american cereal and plant-based foods businesses, via tax-free spin-offs, with a target to complete the transactions by the end of 2023, resulting in three independent public companies, each better positioned to unlock their full standalone potential. after exploring strategic options, the company has decided to retain its plant-based business. the proposed separation of the north american cereal business is expected to create greater strategic, operational, and financial focus for the company and its stakeholders, and will build on our current momentum.
war in ukraine the war in ukraine and the related sanctions imposed have increased global economic and geopolitical uncertainty. in march 2022, we suspended all new investments and shipments of all products to russia. we have no employees or direct operations in ukraine. our business in russia consists of three manufacturing facilities and represented approximately 1% of consolidated net sales for the year ended december 31, 2022.
in december 2022 the company entered into an agreement to sell our russian business to a third party, pending a number of local government regulatory approvals. the business is a part of our europe reportable segment. the pending sale includes the entirety of the company's operations in russia and will result in a complete exit from the market. although the company has entered into a definitive agreement to sell its russian business, there is no assurance that we will obtain the necessary regulatory approvals or that the other conditions to complete the sale will be satisfied.
at the end of 2022 the pending sale did not meet the criteria for held for sale accounting due to uncertainty related to the evolving regulatory approvals that are required in order to complete the transaction. if approved, the company expects to incur a loss on the transaction due to the release of historical foreign currency translation adjustments (cta). the net book value of the assets related to the russian business, including historical cta losses, represents less than 1% of total company assets as of december 31, 2022.
impacts of the war to our net sales, earnings, and cash flows extends beyond our business in russia. regional or global economic recessions, inflation, and supply chain challenges as a result of the war or further escalation could have a material impact on our results.
since the world health organization categorized the novel coronavirus (covid-19) as a pandemic in march 2020, our key objectives continue to be 1) protecting the health and safety of our employees, 2) safely producing and delivering our foods to customers and consumers, and 3) supporting the communities in which we operate.
the company continues to actively monitor covid-19 and will adjust our mitigation strategies as necessary to address any changing health, operational or financial risks that may arise. during the first year of the pandemic, the company experienced a significant increase in demand for food for at-home consumption. while this demand has moderated for certain products, we will continue to manage our production capacity during this period of volatility. we continue to monitor the business for adverse impacts of the pandemic, including volatility in the foreign exchange markets, reduced demand in our away from home businesses, supply-chain disruptions in certain markets, increased costs of maintaining food supply, and potential disruptions for certain emerging market countries. in the event the company experiences adverse impacts from the above or other factors, the company would also evaluate the need to perform interim impairment tests of the company's goodwill, indefinite lived intangible assets, investments in unconsolidated affiliates and property, plant and equipment. there can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
inflationary pressures events such as the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and the war in ukraine have resulted in certain impacts to the global economy, including market disruptions, supply chain challenges, and inflationary pressures. during the year ended december 31, 2022 we continued to experience elevated commodity and supply chain costs, including logistics, procurement, and manufacturing costs. we expect these market disruptions and inflationary pressures to persist into 2023.
segments we manage our operations through four operating segments that are based on geographic location - north america which includes the u.s. businesses and canada; europe which consists principally of european countries; latin america which consists of central and south america and includes mexico; and amea (asia middle east africa) which consists of africa, middle east, australia and other asian and pacific markets. these operating segments also represent our reportable segments non-gaap financial measures this filing includes non-gaap financial measures that we provide to management and investors that exclude certain items that we do not consider part of on-going operations. items excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are discussed in the "significant items impacting comparability" section of this filing. our management team consistently utilizes a combination of gaap and non-gaap financial measures to evaluate business results, to make decisions regarding the future direction of our business, and for resource allocation decisions, including incentive compensation. as a result, we believe the presentation of both gaap and non-gaap financial measures provides investors with increased transparency into financial measures used by our management team and improves investors' understanding of our underlying operating performance and in their analysis of ongoing operating trends. all historic non-gaap financial measures have been reconciled with the most directly comparable gaap financial measures.
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures used for evaluation of performance include currency-neutral and organic net sales, adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted operating profit, adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted diluted earnings per share (eps), adjusted and currency-neutral adjusted gross profit, adjusted and currency neutral adjusted gross margin, net debt and cash flow. we determine currency-neutral results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current-period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior-year period to determine what the current period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. these non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies.
•currency-neutral net sales and organic net sales: we adjust the gaap financial measure to exclude the impact of foreign currency, resulting in currency-neutral net sales. in addition, we exclude the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, foreign currency, and differences in shipping days including 53rd week, resulting in organic net sales. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying net sales performance. by providing these non-gaap net sales measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of net sales performance for the company and each of our reportable segments for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives behind net sales growth, pricing realization, and the impact of mix on our business results. these non-gaap measures are also used to make decisions regarding the future direction of our business, and for resource allocation decisions.
•adjusted: gross profit, gross margin, operating profit and diluted eps: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, costs of the proposed separation transactions, mark-to-market adjustments for pension and postretirement plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts, certain equity investments and certain foreign currency contracts, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, a gain on interest rate swaps, and other costs impacting comparability resulting in adjusted. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying profitability. by providing these non-gaap profitability measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's profitability measures for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to improve profitability, as well as to evaluate the impacts of inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new initiatives within each of our segments.
•currency-neutral adjusted: gross profit, gross margin, operating profit, and diluted eps: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, costs of the proposed separation transactions, mark-to-market adjustments for pension and postretirement plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts, certain equity investments and certain foreign currency contracts, multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liabilities, a gain on interest rate swaps, and other costs impacting comparability, and foreign currency, resulting in currency-neutral adjusted. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our underlying profitability. by providing these non-gaap profitability measures, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's profitability measures for the periods presented. management uses these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate the effectiveness of initiatives intended to improve profitability, as well as to evaluate the impacts of inflationary pressures and decisions to invest in new initiatives within each of our segments.
•adjusted effective income tax rate: we adjust the gaap financial measures to exclude the effect of restructuring programs, costs of the proposed separation transactions, mark-to-market adjustments for pension and postretirement plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts, certain equity investments, and certain foreign currency contracts, a gain on interest rate swaps, and other costs impacting comparability. we excluded the items which we believe may obscure trends in our pre-tax income and the related tax effect of those items on our adjusted effective income tax rate, and other impacts to tax expense, including tax reform in the uk and u.s. and certain foreign valuation allowances. by providing this non-gaap measure, management intends to provide investors with a meaningful, consistent comparison of the company's effective tax rate, excluding the pre-tax income and tax effect of the items noted above, for the periods presented. management uses this non-gaap measure to monitor the effectiveness of initiatives in place to optimize our global tax rate.
•net debt: defined as the sum of long-term debt, current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable, less cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities. with respect to net debt, cash and cash equivalents, and marketable securities are subtracted from the gaap measure, total debt liabilities, because they could be used to reduce the company's debt obligations. company management and investors use this non-gaap measure to evaluate changes to the company's capital structure and credit quality assessment.
•cash flow: defined as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. we use this non-gaap financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases once all of the company's business needs and obligations are met. additionally, certain performance-based compensation includes a component of this non-gaap measure.
these measures have not been calculated in accordance with gaap and should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap reporting measures.
significant items impacting comparability mark-to-market we recognize mark-to-market adjustments for pension and postretirement benefit plans, commodity contracts, and certain foreign currency contracts as incurred. actuarial gains/losses for pension plans were recognized in the year they occur. mark-to-market gains/losses for certain equity investments are recorded based on observable price changes. changes between contract and market prices for commodities contracts and certain foreign currency contracts result in gains/losses that were recognized in the quarter they occur. we recorded a total pre-tax mark-to-market charge of $574 million for 2022, a total pre-tax market-to-market gain of $166 million for 2021 and a total pre-tax mark-to-market charge of $162 million for 2020. included within the aforementioned totals was a pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans of $414 million for 2022, pre-tax mark-to-market gain for pension plans of $164 million for 2021, and a pre-tax mark-to-market charge for pension plans of $154 million for 2020.
separation costs the company continues to work towards its planned separation of its north america cereal business. as a result, we incurred pre-tax charges related to the proposed separation, primarily related to legal and consulting costs, of $61 million for 2022.
business and portfolio realignment one-time costs related to reorganizations in support of our deploy for growth priorities and a reshaped portfolio; investments in enhancing capabilities prioritized by our deploy for growth strategy; and completed and prospective divestitures and acquisitions. as a result, we incurred pre-tax charges, primarily related to reorganizations of $21 million in 2022, $36 million in 2021 and $38 million in 2020.
gain related to interest rate swaps during the third quarter of 2022, the company recognized a pre-tax gain of $18 million in interest expense related to a portion of certain forward-starting interest rate swaps no longer designated as cash flow hedges due to changes in forecasted debt issuance.
foreign valuation allowance during the third quarter of 2021, the company determined that certain foreign deferred tax assets were no longer more likely than not to be realized in the future and a full valuation allowance of $20 million was recorded.
uk tax rate change during the second quarter of 2021, the company recorded tax expense of $23 million as a result of tax legislation enacted in the uk in june of 2021, which increased the statutory uk tax rate from 19 percent to 25 percent and required us to re-value our net uk deferred tax liability balance to reflect this higher rate.
multi-employer pension plan exit liability during the second quarter of 2020, the company recorded a pre-tax gain of approximately $5 million related to the settlement of one multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability from the prior year.
impact of shipping day differences including 53rd week during the fourth quarter of 2020, the company had a difference in shipping days resulting from an additional week of business during the fiscal year. this impact increased reported net sales by $174 million for the year ended january 2, 2021.
foreign currency translation we evaluate the operating results of our business on a currency-neutral basis. we determine currency-neutral operating results by dividing or multiplying, as appropriate, the current period local currency operating results by the currency exchange rates used to translate our financial statements in the comparable prior year period to determine what the current period u.s. dollar operating results would have been if the currency exchange rate had not changed from the comparable prior-year period. organic net sales exclude the impact of acquisitions, including the foreign currency impact calculated by applying the prior year foreign currency rates to current period results.
financial results for the full year ended december 31, 2022, our reported net sales increased 8.0% versus the prior year on positive price/mix across all regions partially offset by a modest decline in volume and foreign currency. growth was led by snacks across all four regions and consolidated net sales grew in cereal and noodles and other. organic net sales increased 11.5% from the prior year after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
reported operating profit decreased 6.7% versus the prior year due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market impacts, costs related to the company's pending separation, and foreign currency, as well as economy-wide supply disruptions and input cost inflation that persisted throughout the year. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 7.0%, after excluding the impact of mark-to-market, separation costs, and foreign currency.
reported diluted eps of $2.79 for the year decreased 35.6% compared to the prior year eps of $4.33 due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market and costs related to the company's pending separation. currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps of $4.38 for the year increased 5.3% compared to prior year eps of $4.16, after excluding the impact of significant items impacting comparability.
reconciliation of certain non-gaap financial measures consolidated results (dollars in millions, except per share data)                            2022                    2021
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                                (574)                      166
business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                             (21)                     (36)
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                         150                     (29)
uk tax rate change                                                                          -                     (23)
foreign currency impact                                                                  (56)
mark-to-market (pre-tax)                                                               (1.67)                     0.48
business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                           (0.06)                   (0.10)
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net*                                        0.44                   (0.08)
uk tax rate change                                                                          -                   (0.07)
foreign currency impact                                                                (0.17)
currency-neutral adjusted diluted eps growth                                              5.3   %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
net sales and operating profit
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2022 versus 2021:
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec                            (25)                          (245)                            7                     (228)       -                                (491)
% change - 2022 vs. 2021:
reported growth                                                                 9.6      %                   (3.6)    %                    12.7    %                 12.2   %   -           %                      8.0      %
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec                           (0.3)      %                  (10.2)    %                     0.8    %                (8.8)   %   -           %                    (3.5)      %
organic growth                                                                  9.9      %                     6.6    %                    11.9    %                 21.0   %   -           %                     11.5      %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(millions)                                                                   north america                     europe                      latin                   amea            corporate                             kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,356                         $329                       $124                    $252                $(427)                          $1,635
mark-to-market                                                                    -                            -                        (2)                       -                (156)                            (158)
business and portfolio realignment                                             (18)                            1                          -                       -                (4)                               (21)
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,435                         $328                       $126                    $252                $(268)                          $1,874
foreign currency impact                                                         (3)                         (32)                        (1)                    (20)                -                                 (56)
currency-neutral adjusted operating profit                                   $1,438                         $360                       $127                    $273                $(268)                          $1,931
(millions)                                                                   north america                     europe                      latin                   amea            corporate                             kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,329                         $350                       $110                    $246                $(282)                          $1,752
mark-to-market                                                                    -                            -                          1                       -                (18)                              (17)
business and portfolio realignment                                             (23)                            1                        (4)                       -                (10)                              (36)
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,351                         $349                       $112                    $246                $(254)                          $1,805
% change - 2022 vs. 2021:
reported growth                                                                 2.1      %                 (5.9)    %                  13.1    %                2.7   %            (51.6)      %                    (6.7)      %
mark-to-market                                                                    -      %                     -    %                 (3.2)    %                  -   %            (48.8)      %                    (8.0)      %
business and portfolio realignment                                              0.4      %                 (0.1)    %                   4.2    %                0.1   %                  2.5   %                      0.9      %
adjusted growth                                                                 6.2      %                 (5.8)    %                  12.1    %                2.6   %            (5.3)       %                      3.9      %
foreign currency impact                                                       (0.2)      %                 (9.1)    %                 (1.1)    %              (8.3)   %            -           %                    (3.1)      %
currency-neutral adjusted growth                                                6.4      %                   3.3    %                  13.2    %               10.9   %            (5.3)       %                      7.0      %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
north america reported net sales for the year-to-date period increased 9.6% versus the prior year as a result of revenue growth management actions, sustained momentum in snacks, and recovering cereal sales. organic net sales increased 9.9% after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
net sales % change - 2022 vs. 2021:
north america snacks net sales increased 11.9% supported by consumption dollar growth in each of our three major categories, crackers, salty snacks, and portable wholesome snacks.
north america cereal net sales increased 10.2% due to a faster-than-expected recovery in shipments and share in our u.s. cereal business following the 2021 fire and strike.
north america frozen foods net sales decreased 1.1% during the year due to current year supply constraints.
north america operating profit increased 2.1% compared to the prior year as increased net sales more than offset high cost inflation and separation costs. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 6.4%, after excluding the impact of separation costs and business and portfolio realignment.
europe reported net sales decreased 3.6% reflecting the impact of unfavorable foreign currency, despite favorable price/mix and continued growth in snacks. organic net sales increased 6.6% after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
snacks net sales growth was led by sustained momentum in pringles, driven by innovation, effective advertising, and successful consumer promotions.
reported operating profit decreased 5.9% due primarily to unfavorable foreign currency and high cost inflation. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 3.3% after excluding the impact of foreign currency and charges related to business and portfolio realignment.
latin america reported net sales increased 12.7% driven by strong price/mix growth and modestly favorable foreign currency translation, with growth in snacks and cereal. organic net sales increased 11.9%, after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
snacks net sales growth was led by sustained consumption growth and share gains in key markets for salty snacks.
cereal net sales increased due to share gains in key markets, including mexico, puerto rico and brazil.
reported operating profit increased 13.1% due to higher net sales and favorable foreign currency translation partially offset by input cost inflation. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 13.2% after excluding the impact of mark-to-market and foreign currency.
amea reported net sales increased 12.2% driven by favorable price/mix partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency. organic net sales also increased 21.0% after excluding foreign currency.
noodles and other net sales increased lead by strong growth from multipro as well as our kellogg's branded noodles business.
snacks net sales increased due primarily to strong growth in pringles across the region.
reported operating profit increased 2.7% due primarily to higher net sales more than offsetting high cost inflation and unfavorable foreign currency. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 10.9%, after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
corporate reported operating profit decreased significantly versus the prior year due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market impacts. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased $14 million from the prior year after excluding the impact of mark-to-market.
net sales and operating profit
the following tables provide an analysis of net sales and operating profit performance for 2021 versus 2020:
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec                              36                             93                         15                      (37)       -                                  107
impact of 53rd week                                                             134                             22                          -                        18       -                                  174
% change - 2021 vs. 2020:
reported growth                                                               (2.3)      %                     7.4    %                   9.0    %                 15.5   %   -           %                      3.0      %
foreign currency impact on total business (inc)/dec                             0.4      %                     4.2    %                   1.6    %                (1.6)   %   -           %                      0.8      %
currency-neutral growth                                                       (2.7)      %                     3.2    %                   7.4    %                 17.1   %   -           %                      2.2      %
impact of 53rd week                                                           (1.6)      %                   (1.0)    %                     -    %                (1.0)   %   -           %                    (1.3)      %
organic growth                                                                (1.1)      %                     4.2    %                   7.4    %                 18.1   %   -           %                      3.5      %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(millions)                                                                   north america                     europe                      latin                   amea                  corporate                       kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,329                         $350                       $110                    $246                   $(282)                       $1,752
mark-to-market                                                                    -                            -                          1                       -                     (18)                         (17)
business and portfolio realignment                                             (23)                            1                        (4)                       -                     (10)                         (36)
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,351                         $349                       $112                    $246                   $(254)                       $1,805
foreign currency impact                            5                                                          17                          3                       2                        2                           29
currency-neutral adjusted operating profit                                   $1,347                         $332                       $109                    $244                   $(256)                       $1,776
(millions)                                                                   north america                     europe                      latin                   amea                  corporate                       kellogg america                                                                    consolidated reported operating profit                                                    $1,473                         $302                        $97                    $202                   $(312)                       $1,761
mark-to-market                                                                    -                            -                          -                       -                      (8)                          (8)
business and portfolio realignment                                              (8)                          (9)                        (5)                    (17)                      (7)                         (46)
adjusted operating profit                                                    $1,477                         $311                       $102                    $218                   $(297)                       $1,811
% change - 2021 vs. 2020:
reported growth                                                               (9.8)      %                  16.0    %                  13.1    %               21.9   %                  9.8     %                  (0.5)      %
mark-to-market                                                                    -      %                     -    %                   1.3    %                  -   %                (3.5)     %                  (0.5)      %
business and portfolio realignment                                            (1.0)      %                   3.8    %                   1.1    %                9.2   %                (1.1)     %                    0.6      %
adjusted growth                                                               (8.5)      %                  12.2    %                  10.7    %               12.7   %                 14.4     %                  (0.3)      %
foreign currency impact                            0.3                                   %                   5.4    %                   3.2    %                0.8   %                  0.6     %                    1.6      %
currency-neutral adjusted growth                                              (8.8)      %                   6.8    %                   7.5    %               11.9   %                 13.8     %                  (1.9)      %
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
north america reported net sales decreased 2.3% versus the prior year as positive price/mix was more than offset by the negative impact on volume of supply disruptions, including the fourth-quarter labor strike in our cereal plants and third-quarter fire at one of the facilities, as well as the impact of lapping the 53rd week. organic net sales decreased 1.1% after excluding the impact of the 53rd week and foreign currency.
net sales % change - 2021 vs. 2020:
north america              reported net sales        foreign currency       currency-neutral net sales        impact of 53rd week       organic net sales snacks                           5.5        %             0.3       %                   5.2          %             (1.7)        %             6.9       %
north america snacks net sales increased 5.5% led by consumption growth in each of our three major categories, crackers, salty snacks, and portable wholesome snacks.
north america cereal net sales decreased 14% as it lapped strong prior year pandemic-related growth and experienced challenging supply conditions including a labor strike in our u.s. cereal plants and a fire at one of those facilities.
north america frozen foods net sales decreased 3.0% during the year, as it lapped strong prior year pandemic-related growth and experienced current period supply constraints.
north america operating profit decreased 9.8% compared to the prior year due to supply disruptions, including the fourth-quarter labor strike in our cereal plants and third-quarter fire at one of the facilities, as well as accelerated cost inflation. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit decreased 8.8%, after excluding the impact of business and portfolio realignment.
europe reported net sales increased 7.4% driven by both volume and price/mix, as well as favorable foreign currency translation. organic net sales increased 4.2% after excluding the impact of the 53rd week and foreign currency.
cereal net sales declined due to lapping a pandemic-related surge in consumption growth during the prior year, partially offset by favorable foreign currency translation and notably strong share gains in the uk.
snacks net sales growth was led by sustained momentum in pringles, driven by innovation, effective advertising, and successful consumer promotions.
reported operating profit increased 16% due primarily to higher net sales and favorable foreign currency translation partially offset by lapping unusually high operating leverage during the onset of the pandemic. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 6.8% after excluding the impact of foreign currency, and business and portfolio realignment.
latin america reported net sales increased 9.0% driven by both volume and price/mix, and with broad-based growth across the region, led by snacks, and favorable foreign currency translation. organic net sales increased 7.4%, after excluding the impact of foreign currency.
snacks net sales growth was led by sustained consumption growth and share gains in key markets for salty snacks and share gains in portable wholesome snacks.
cereal net sales increased due to share gains in key markets, including mexico, puerto rico and brazil, despite the lapping of a pandemic-related surge in consumption in the prior year.
reported operating profit increased 13% due to higher net sales and favorable foreign currency translation partially offset by input cost inflation. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 7.5% after excluding the impact of mark-to-market and foreign currency.
amea reported net sales increased 16% driven by both volume and price/mix, and with broad-based growth across the region and categories. organic net sales also increased 18%.
noodles and other net sales increased lead by strong growth from multipro as well as our kellogg's branded noodles business.
snacks net sales increased due primarily to strong growth in pringles across the region.
cereal net sales growth was driven by broad-based growth across asia and australia.
reported operating profit increased 22% due primarily to operating leverage from higher net sales and the lapping of prior year business and portfolio realignment charges. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased 12%, after excluding the impact of business and portfolio realignment, and foreign currency.
corporate reported operating profit increased $30 million versus the comparable prior year period due primarily to favorable mark-to-market impact and lower incentive compensation expense. currency-neutral adjusted operating profit increased $41 million from the prior year after excluding the impact of mark-to-market.
margin performance
2022 versus 2021 gross margin performance was as follows:
change vs.
mark-to-market                                 (1.1)   %     (0.1)   %           (1.0)
business and portfolio realignment             (0.1)   %     (0.2)   %             0.1
foreign currency impact                          0.1   %         -   %             0.1
for information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) reported gross margin as a percentage of net sales. gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
reported gross margin decreased 210 basis points versus the prior year due primarily to unfavorable mark-to-market, the residual impact of last year's fire and strike in our u.s. cereal plants, high cost inflation, supply disruptions, and a mix shift towards emerging markets, which more than offset the impact of productivity and revenue growth management initiatives. currency-neutral adjusted gross margin decreased 130 basis points compared to 2021.
our 2022 and 2021 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
reported gross profit (a)                                $4,615                  $4,560
mark-to-market                                            (159)                    (27)
business and portfolio realignment                         (11)                    (19)
adjusted gross profit                                     4,788                   4,606
foreign currency impact                                   (141)                       -
currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                   $4,929                  $4,606
for more information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
2021 versus 2020 gross margin performance was as follows:
change vs.
mark-to-market                                 (0.1)   %     (0.1)   %               -
business and portfolio realignment             (0.2)   %         -   %           (0.2)
foreign currency impact                          0.2   %         -   %             0.2
for information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) reported gross margin as a percentage of net sales. gross margin is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
reported gross margin decreased 210 basis points versus the prior year as the impact of productivity improvements and price realization was more than offset by cost inflation, the impact of the labor strike, a mix shift towards emerging markets, and lapping substantial operating leverage in the prior year when our plants were running limited skus at maximum capacity due to the acceleration of demand as a result of the pandemic. currency-neutral adjusted gross margin decreased 210 basis points compared to 2020.
our 2021 and 2020 currency-neutral adjusted gross profit is reconciled to the most comparable u.s. gaap measures as follows:
reported gross profit (a)                                $4,560                  $4,727
mark-to-market                                             (27)                     (6)
business and portfolio realignment                         (19)                     (7)
adjusted gross profit                                     4,606                   4,735
foreign currency impact                                      55                       -
currency-neutral adjusted gross profit                   $4,551                  $4,735
for more information on the reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
(a) gross profit is equal to net sales less cost of goods sold.
restructuring programs periodically, the company may initiate a restructuring program to achieve it's long-term profit growth targets. initiatives undertaken are currently expected to recover cash implementation costs within a 3 to 5-year period subsequent to completion. completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs), is when the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation.
during 2021, the company announced a reconfiguration of the north america reportable segment supply chain network, designed to drive increased productivity. the project is expected to be substantially completed by early 2024, with related productivity improvements commencing in 2023. the overall project is expected to result in cumulative pretax charges of approximately $45 million, which include employee-related costs of $4 million, other cash costs of $21 million and non-cash costs, primarily consisting of accelerated depreciation and asset write-off's, of $20 million. charges incurred related to this restructuring program were approximately $6 million and $5 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. these charges primarily related to severance, accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs, and were recorded in cogs. total program costs to date for the life of this project was $11 million as of december 31, 2022.
in addition to the project discussed above, the company incurred restructuring costs in each of its reportable segments related to various reorganization and simplification initiatives and supply chain optimization projects. the company recorded total restructuring charges of $11 million, $27 million and $29 million across all restructuring programs during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, primarily related to employee severance charges, accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs.
at december 31, 2022 total project reserves were $11 million, related to severance payments, of which a substantial portion will be paid in 2023.
foreign currency translation the reporting currency for our financial statements is the u.s. dollar. certain of our assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, primarily in the euro, british pound, mexican peso, australian dollar, canadian dollar, brazilian real, nigerian naira, russian ruble, polish zloty, and egyptian pound. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we must translate those assets, liabilities, expenses and revenues into u.s. dollars at the applicable exchange rates. as a result, increases and decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against these other currencies will affect the amount of these items in our consolidated financial statements, even if their value has not changed in their original currency. this could have significant impact on our results if such increase or decrease in the value of the u.s. dollar is substantial.
interest expense interest expense was $218 million and $223 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and january 1, 2022, respectively. the decrease from the prior year is due primarily to an $18 million gain related to a portion of certain forward-starting interest rate swaps no longer designated as cash flow hedges due to changes in forecasted debt issuance. interest expense capitalized as part of the construction cost of fixed assets was immaterial for both periods.
the 2021 effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by tax legislation in the uk and the establishment of a full valuation allowance related to certain foreign deferred tax assets. during the second quarter of 2021, the company recorded tax expense of $23 million as a result of tax legislation enacted in the uk in june 2021, which increased the statutory uk tax rate from 19 percent to 25 percent for tax periods after april 1, 2023. the company revalued its net deferred tax balances related to the uk business to reflect the increased tax rate. additionally, during the third quarter, the company determined that certain foreign deferred tax assets were no longer more likely than not to be realized in the future and a full valuation allowance totaling $20 million was recorded on a discrete period basis.
the following table provides a reconciliation of reported to adjusted income taxes and effective income tax rate for 2022 and 2021.
mark-to-market                                                (135)                     41
business and portfolio realignment                              (4)                   (12)
uk tax rate change                                                -                     23
mark-to-market                                                (1.0)                    0.1
business and portfolio realignment                                -                  (0.2)
uk tax rate change                                                -                    1.3
for more information on reconciling items in the table above, please refer to the significant items impacting comparability section.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could impact the expected effective income tax rate as it is dependent upon u.s. dollar earnings of foreign subsidiaries doing business in various countries with differing statutory rates. additionally, the rate could be impacted by tax legislation and if pending uncertain tax matters, including tax positions that could be affected by planning initiatives, are resolved more or less favorably than we currently expect.
liquidity and capital resources at this time, the covid-19 pandemic has not materially impacted our liquidity and we anticipate current cash and marketable security balances, operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other financing sources including commercial paper, credit and bond markets, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. we expect cash provided by operating activities of $1.7-$1.8 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $700 million in 2023. we currently have $2.5 billion of unused revolving credit agreements, including $1.5 billion effective through 2026 and $1.0 billion effective through december 2023, as well as continued access to the commercial paper markets. we are currently in compliance with all debt covenants and do not have material uncertainty about our ability to maintain compliance in future periods. we continue to utilize available capacity within the monetization programs to maintain financial flexibility without negatively impacting working capital. as the impact of covid-19 on the economy and our operations evolves, we will continue to assess our liquidity needs.
our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows supplemented by borrowings for major acquisitions and other significant transactions. our cash-generating capability is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting operating and investing needs.
we have historically reported negative working capital primarily as the result of our focus to improve core working capital by reducing our levels of trade receivables and inventory while extending the timing of payment of our trade payables. the impacts of the extended customer terms programs and of the monetization programs are included in our calculation of core working capital and are largely offsetting. these programs are all part of our ongoing working capital management.
we periodically monitor our supplier payment terms to assess whether our terms are competitive and in line with local market terms. to the extent that such assessment indicates that our supplier payment terms are not aligned with local market terms, we may seek to adjust our terms, including extending or shortening our payment due dates as appropriate. supplier payment term modifications did not have a material impact on our cash flows during 2022, and are not expected to have a material impact in 2023.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness which results in current maturities of long-term debt and notes payable which can have a significant impact on working capital as a result of the timing of these required payments. these factors, coupled with the use of our ongoing cash flows from operations to service our debt obligations, pay dividends, fund acquisition opportunities, and repurchase our common stock, reduce our working capital amounts.
we had negative working capital of $2.2 billion and $1.9 billion as of december 31, 2022 and january 1, 2022, respectively.
we believe that our operating cash flows, together with our credit facilities and other available debt financing, including commercial paper, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs in the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that volatility and/or disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
the following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows:
operating activities                                                             $1,651                     $1,701
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                             (109)                       (16)
operating activities the principal source of our operating cash flows is net earnings, primarily cash receipts from the sale of our products, net of costs to manufacture and market our products.
net cash provided by our operating activities for 2022 totaled $1,651 million compared to $1,701 million in the prior year. the decrease is due primarily to net cash outflows related to core working capital, principally related to an increase in accounts receivable resulting from higher net sales, partially offset by changes in incentive compensation and other accruals from the prior year.
our cash conversion cycle (defined as days of inventory and trade receivables outstanding less days of trade payables outstanding, based on a trailing 12 month average), is approximately negative 6 days and negative 9 days for 2022 and 2021, respectively. core working capital in 2022 averaged 1.7% of net sales compared to 1.0% in 2021.
our total pension and postretirement benefit plan funding amounted to $23 million and $20 million for the years ended december 31, 2022 and january 1, 2022, respectively.
the pension protection act (ppa), and subsequent regulations, determines defined benefit plan minimum funding requirements in the united states. we believe that we will not be required to make any contributions under ppa requirements until 2024 or beyond. our projections concerning timing of ppa funding requirements are subject to change primarily based on general market conditions affecting trust asset performance, future discount rates based on average yields of high quality corporate bonds and our decisions regarding certain elective provisions of the ppa.
we currently project that we will make total u.s. and foreign benefit plan contributions in 2023 of approximately $26 million. actual 2023 contributions could be different from our current projections, as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts versus other competing investment priorities, future changes in government requirements, trust asset performance, renewals of union contracts, or higher-than-expected health care claims cost experience.
we measure cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities reduced by expenditures for property additions. we use this non-gaap financial measure of cash flow to focus management and investors on the amount of cash available over time for debt repayment, dividend distributions, acquisition opportunities, and share repurchases. our cash flow metric is reconciled to the most comparable gaap measure, as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities                   $1,651                  $1,701
additions to properties                                      (488)                   (553)
investing activities our net cash used in investing activities for 2022 totaled $448 million compared to $528 million in 2021. the decrease was due primarily to phasing of capital expenditures.
capital spending in 2022 included investments in our supply chain infrastructure, including manufacturing capacity expansions in multiple markets and categories and initiatives targeting waste reductions and productivity improvements.
cash paid for additions to properties as a percentage of net sales was 3.2% and 3.9% in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
financing activities our net cash used in financing activities totaled $1,081 million compared to $1,306 million during the prior year. the year-over-year variance was driven primarily by higher proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper in the current year.
current maturities of long-term debt         780                              712
in may 2021, we issued €300 million of eight-year 0.50% euro notes due 2029, resulting in net proceeds of €298 million after discount and underwriting commissions. the 2029 euro notes were issued as a sustainability bond, and thus an amount equal to the net proceeds was used to finance, in whole or in part, eligible environmental or social projects described in the company's sustainability bond framework. the notes contain customary covenants that limit the ability of the company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined) to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions, as well as a change of control provision. additionally, we repaid the €500 million, seven-year 1.75% euro notes due 2021, upon maturity.
we paid quarterly dividends to shareholders totaling $2.34 per share in 2022 versus $2.31 per share in 2021. on february 17, 2023, the board of directors declared a dividend of $.59 per common share, payable on march 15, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on march 1, 2023.
the five-year and 364 day credit agreements which had no outstanding borrowings as december 31, 2022, contain customary covenants and warranties, including specified restrictions on indebtedness, liens and a specified interest expense coverage ratio. if an event of default occurs, then, to the extent permitted, the administrative agents may terminate the commitments under the credit facilities, accelerate any outstanding loans under the agreements, and demand the deposit of cash collateral equal to the lender's letter of credit exposure plus interest. the company was in compliance with all financial covenants contained in these agreements at december 31, 2022.
our notes contain customary covenants that limit the ability of the company and its restricted subsidiaries (as defined) to incur certain liens or enter into certain sale and lease-back transactions and also contain a change of control provision. there are no significant restrictions on the payment of dividends. we were in compliance with all covenants as of december 31, 2022.
the notes do not contain acceleration of maturity clauses that are dependent on credit ratings. a change in our credit ratings could limit our access to the u.s. short-term debt market and/or increase the cost of refinancing long-term debt in the future. however, even under these circumstances, we would continue to have access to our 364-day credit facility, which expires in december 2023, as well as our five-year credit agreement, which expires in december 2026. this source of liquidity is unused and available on an unsecured basis, although we do not currently plan to use it.
we monitor the financial strength of our third-party financial institutions, including those that hold our cash and cash equivalents as well as those who serve as counterparties to our credit facilities, our derivative financial instruments, and other arrangements.
we continue to believe that we will be able to meet our interest and principal repayment obligations and maintain our debt covenants for the foreseeable future, while still meeting our operational needs, including the pursuit of select acquisitions. this will be accomplished through our strong cash flow, our short-term borrowings, and our maintenance of credit facilities on a global basis.
monetization and accounts payable programs we have a program in which customers could extend their payment terms in exchange for the elimination of early payment discounts (extended terms program). in order to mitigate the net working capital impact of the extended terms program for discrete customers, we entered into agreements to sell, on a revolving basis, certain trade accounts receivable balances to third party financial institutions (monetization programs). transfers under the monetization programs are accounted for as sales of receivables resulting in the receivables being de-recognized from our consolidated balance sheet. the monetization programs provide for the continuing sale of certain receivables on a revolving basis until terminated by either party; however the maximum funding from receivables that may be sold at any time is currently $920 million, but may be increased or decreased as customers move in or out of the extended terms program and as additional financial institutions move in or out of the monetization programs. accounts receivable sold of $865 million and $549 million remained outstanding under this arrangement as of december 31, 2022 and january 1, 2022, respectively.
the monetization programs are designed to directly offset the impact the extended terms program would have on the days-sales-outstanding (dso) metric that is critical to the effective management of the company's accounts receivable balance and overall working capital. current dso levels within north america are consistent with dso levels prior to the execution of the extended term program and monetization programs.
refer to note 3 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to the sale of accounts receivable.
we have agreements with third parties (accounts payable program) to provide accounts payable tracking systems which facilitate participating suppliers' ability to monitor and, if elected, sell our payment obligations to designated third-party financial institutions. participating suppliers may, at their sole discretion, make offers to sell one or more of our payment obligations prior to their scheduled due dates at a discounted price to participating financial institutions. our goal is to capture overall supplier savings, in the form of payment terms or vendor funding, and the agreements facilitate the suppliers' ability to sell payment obligations, while providing them with greater working capital flexibility. we have no economic interest in the sale of these suppliers' receivables and no direct financial relationship with the financial institutions concerning these services. our obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment dates, are not impacted by suppliers' decisions to sell amounts under the arrangements. however, our right to offset balances due from suppliers against payment obligations is restricted by the agreements for those payment obligations that have been sold by suppliers.
refer to note 1 within notes to consolidated financial statements for further information related to accounts payable.
if financial institutions were to terminate their participation in the monetization programs and we are not able to modify related customer payment terms, working capital could be negatively impacted. additionally, working capital could be negatively impacted if we shorten our supplier payment terms as a result of supplier negotiations. for suppliers participating in the accounts payable programs, financial institutions may terminate their participation or we could experience a downgrade in our credit rating that could result in higher costs to suppliers. if working capital is negatively impacted as a result of these events and we were unable to secure alternative programs, we may have to utilize our various financing arrangements for short-term liquidity or increase our long-term borrowings.
contractual obligationswe have material contractual obligations that arise in the normal course of business and we believe cash flow from operations will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs for at least the next 12 months. in addition to principal and interest payments on our outstanding long-term debt and notes payable balances, our contractual obligations primarily consist of lease payments, income taxes, pension and postretirement benefits and unconditional purchase obligations.
a summary of our operating and finance lease obligations as of december 31, 2022 can be found in note 8 "leases and other commitments", to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.
a summary of principal payments for long-term debt as of december 31, 2022 can be found in note 9 "debt", to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.
a summary of our pension and postretirement benefit obligations as of december 31, 2022 can be found in notes 11 "pension benefits" and note 12 "nonpension postretirement and postemployment benefits", to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report.
see note 14 "income taxes", to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report for discussion of uncertain tax positions.
our unconditional purchase obligations consist primarily of fixed commitments for raw materials to be utilized in the normal course of business and for marketing, advertising and other services. as of december 31, 2022, unconditional purchase obligations totaled approximately $1.9 billion. approximately $1.5 billion of these unconditional purchase obligations will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the next 12 months.
as of december 31, 2022, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements.
critical accounting estimates promotional expenditures our promotional activities are conducted either through the retail trade or directly with consumers and include activities such as in-store displays and events, feature price discounts, consumer coupons, contests and loyalty programs. the costs of these activities are generally recognized at the time the related revenue is recorded, which normally precedes the actual cash expenditure. the recognition of these costs therefore requires management judgment regarding the volume of promotional offers that will be redeemed by either the retail trade or consumer. these estimates are made using various techniques including historical data on performance of similar promotional programs. differences between estimated expense and actual redemptions are normally immaterial and recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. on a full-year basis, these subsequent period adjustments represent less than 1% of our company's net sales. however, our company's total promotional expenditures (including amounts classified as a revenue reduction) are significant, so it is likely our results would be materially different if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail.
goodwill and other intangible assets we review our operating segment and reporting unit structure annually or as significant changes in the organization occur and assess goodwill impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review of entity-specific, industry, market and general economic factors affecting our reporting units with goodwill. annually during the fourth quarter, in conjunction with our annual budgeting process, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may instead perform a quantitative impairment test. in our quantitative testing, we compare a reporting unit's estimated fair value with its carrying value with a reporting unit's fair value being estimated using market multiples. this approach employs market multiples based on either sales or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization for companies that are comparable to our reporting units. in the event the fair value determined using the market multiple approach is close to carrying value, we may supplement the fair value determination using discounted cash flows that incorporates assumptions surrounding planned growth rates, market-based discount rates and estimates of residual value. the assumptions used for the impairment test are consistent with those utilized by a market participant performing similar valuations for our reporting units. these estimates are made using various inputs including historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we consider the reporting unit impaired and reduce its carrying value of goodwill such that the reporting unit's new carrying value is the estimated fair value.
similarly, we assess indefinite-life intangible assets impairment risk throughout the year by performing a qualitative review and assessing events and circumstances that could affect the fair value or carrying value of these intangible assets. annually during the fourth quarter, in conjunction with our annual budgeting process, we may perform qualitative testing, or depending on factors such as prior-year test results, current year developments, current risk evaluations and other practical considerations, we may instead perform a quantitative impairment test. in the quantitative testing, we compare an intangible asset's estimated fair value with its carrying value with the intangible asset's fair value being determined using estimates of future cash flows to be generated from that asset based on estimates of future sales, as well as assumptions surrounding earnings growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates consistent with rates used by market participants. these estimates are made using various inputs including historical data, current and anticipated market conditions, management plans, and market comparables. if the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value, we consider the asset impaired and reduce its carrying value to the estimated fair value.
we also evaluate the useful life over which a non-goodwill intangible asset with a finite life is expected to contribute directly or indirectly to our cash flows. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, known technological advances, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
at december 31, 2022, goodwill and other intangible assets amounted to $8.0 billion, consisting primarily of goodwill and brands. within this total, approximately $2.0 billion of non-goodwill intangible assets were classified as indefinite-lived, including $1.7 billion related to trademarks, comprised principally of pringles and cracker-related trademarks. the majority of all goodwill and other intangible assets are recorded in our north america reporting unit. the company currently believes the fair value of goodwill and other significant intangible assets exceeds their carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to cash flows. our impairment testing performed through the fourth quarter of 2022 consisted of qualitative testing for all reporting unit goodwill and all significant indefinite-lived intangible assets, except for one brand, for which quantitative testing was performed. no heightened risk or qualitative indicators of impairment of individual significant intangible assets or reporting units was identified.
we have $184 million at december 31, 2022 related to one brand in the north america operating segment that primarily relates to snack category products. in performing the quantitative test of this brand, fair value was determined using a relief from royalty valuation method that includes estimates, and significant assumptions, of future cash flows to be generated from that asset based on estimates of future sales, royalty rate and discount rate consistent with rates used by market participants. we determined the fair value of this brand exceeds its carrying value and no heightened risk of impairment exists for the asset.
retirement benefits our company sponsors a number of u.s. and foreign defined benefit employee pension plans and also provides retiree health care and other welfare benefits in the united states and canada. plan funding strategies are influenced by tax regulations and asset return performance. a majority of plan assets are invested in a globally diversified portfolio of debt and equity securities with smaller holdings of other investments. we recognize the cost of benefits provided during retirement over the employees' active working life to determine the obligations and expense related to our retiree benefit plans. inherent in this concept is the requirement to use various actuarial assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement date. major actuarial assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our consolidated benefits expense and accumulated obligation include the long-term rates of return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rates, the mortality table and improvement scale, and the interest rates used to discount the obligations for our major plans, which cover employees in the united states, united kingdom and canada.
our expense recognition policy for pension and nonpension postretirement benefits is to immediately recognize actuarial gains and losses in our results in the year in which they occur. actuarial gains and losses are recognized annually as of our measurement date, which is our fiscal year-end, or when remeasurement is otherwise required under generally accepted accounting principles.
additionally, for purposes of calculating the expected return on plan assets related to pension and nonpension postretirement benefits we use the fair value of plan assets.
to conduct our annual review of the long-term rate of return on plan assets, we model expected returns over a 20-year investment horizon with respect to the specific investment mix of each of our major plans. the return assumptions used reflect a combination of rigorous historical performance analysis and forward-looking views of the financial markets including consideration of current yields on long-term bonds, price-earnings ratios of the major stock market indices, and long-term inflation. our u.s. plan model, corresponding to approximately 69% of our trust assets globally, currently incorporates a long-term inflation assumption of 2.5% and a 2022 weighted-average active management premium of 0.78% for the pension plans and 0.89% for the retiree medical plan, (net of fees) validated by historical analysis and future return expectations. although we review our expected long-term rates of return annually, our benefit trust investment performance for one particular year does not, by itself, significantly influence our evaluation. our expected rates of return have generally not been revised, provided these rates continue to fall within a "more likely than not" corridor of between the 25th and 75th percentile of expected long-term returns, as determined by our modeling process. because of a change in the asset mixes between the us pension and retiree medical trusts, separate rate of return assumptions were used in 2022. our assumed rate of return for u.s. plans in 2022 was 6.25% for the pension plans and 7.00% for the retiree medical plan, which equated to approximately the
63rd and 55th percentile expectations of our model, respectively. similar methods are used for various foreign plans with invested assets, reflecting local economic conditions. foreign trust investments represent approximately 31% of our global benefit plan assets.
based on consolidated benefit plan assets at december 31, 2022, a 100 basis point increase or decrease in the assumed rate of return would correspondingly decrease or increase 2023 benefits expense by approximately $40 million. for the years ended december 31, 2022 and january 1, 2022, our actual return on plan assets was less than the recognized assumed return by $1.9 billion and $33 million, respectively.
pension assets include a level 3 investment comprising 5% of total plan assets as of december 31, 2022. the investment, a buy-in annuity contract, is valued based on the estimated cost to enter an equivalent contract at the balance sheet date.
to conduct our annual review of health care cost trend rates, we model our actual claims cost data over a five-year historical period, including an analysis of pre-65 versus post-65 age groups and other important demographic components in our covered retiree population. this data is adjusted to eliminate the impact of plan changes and other factors that would tend to distort the underlying cost inflation trends. 2020 experience was adjusted to remove the estimated impact of covid-19 claims. no adjustments were made to 2021 or 2022 claims. our initial health care cost trend rate is reviewed annually and adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with recent historical experience and our expectations regarding short-term future trends. kellogg's 5-year average claims inflation has been in the vicinity of 5.00% in recent years. our initial trend rate for 2023 of 6.00% reflects the recognition of increased short-term inflation and the health care provisions of the inflation reduction act. our initial rate remains flat for three years before trending downward by 0.50% per year, until the ultimate trend rate of 4.5% is reached. the ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually, as necessary, to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the year in which they occur. the experience gain arising from recognition of 2022 claims experience was approximately $14 million.
assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will receive over their lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. in 2019, the society of actuaries (soa) published updated mortality tables and an updated improvement scale. in 2021, the soa released an improvement scale that incorporated an additional year of data. in 2022, the soa did not release an updated improvement scale. in determining the appropriate mortality assumptions as of 2022 fiscal year-end, we used the 2019 soa tables with collar adjustments based on kellogg's current population, consistent with the prior year. in addition, our assumption for future mortality improvement continues to be based on mortality information available from the social security administration and other sources, consistent with the prior year and in line with our expectations for future experience. there were no changes to the year-end pension and postretirement benefit obligations due to mortality assumption changes.
to conduct our annual review of discount rates, we selected the discount rate based on a cash-flow matching analysis using willis towers watson's proprietary rate:link tool and projections of the future benefit payments constituting the projected benefit obligation for the plans. rate:link establishes the uniform discount rate that produces the same present value of the estimated future benefit payments, as is generated by discounting each year's benefit payments by a spot rate applicable to that year. the spot rates used in this process are derived from a yield curve created from yields on the 40th to 90th percentile of u.s. high quality bonds. a similar methodology is applied in canada and europe, and in the united kingdom the underlying yield curve was derived after further adjustments to the universe of bonds to remove government backed bonds. we use a december 31 measurement date for our defined benefit plans. accordingly, we select yield curves to measure our benefit obligations that are consistent with market indices during december of each year.
based on consolidated obligations at december 31, 2022, a 25 basis point decline in the yield curve used for benefit plan measurement purposes would decrease 2023 benefits expense by approximately $3 million and would result in an immediate loss recognition of $111 million. all obligation-related actuarial gains and losses are recognized immediately in the year in which they occur.
despite the previously-described policies for selecting major actuarial assumptions, we periodically experience material actuarial gains or losses due to differences between assumed and actual experience and due to changing economic conditions. during 2022, we recognized a net actuarial loss of approximately $414 million compared to a net actuarial gain of approximately $166 million in 2021. the total net loss recognized in 2022 was driven by a loss of approximately $1.9 billion from lower than expected asset returns and a loss of approximately $108 million from plan experience, partially offset by an approximate $1.6 billion gain from assumption changes, including increases in the discount rate.
during 2022, we made contributions in the amount of $3 million to kellogg's global tax-qualified pension programs. this amount was mostly non-discretionary. additionally, we contributed $20 million to our retiree medical programs.
income taxes our consolidated effective income tax rate is influenced by tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. the calculation of our income tax provision and deferred income tax assets and liabilities is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgment.
we recognize tax benefits associated with uncertain tax positions when, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the positions will be sustained upon examination by a taxing authority. for tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold, we initially and subsequently measure the tax benefits as the largest amount that we judge to have a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. our liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, new or emerging legislation and tax planning. the tax position will be de-recognized when it is no longer more likely than not of being sustained. significant adjustments to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits impacting our effective tax rate are separately presented in the rate reconciliation table of note 13 within notes to consolidated financial statements.
management monitors the company's ability to utilize certain future tax deductions, operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, prior to expiration as well as the reinvestment assertion regarding our undistributed foreign earnings. changes resulting from management's assessment will result in impacts to deferred tax assets and the corresponding impacts on the effective income tax rate. valuation allowances were recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized in the future.
future outlook the company issued its initial financial guidance for 2023. the company is projecting:
•organic net sales growth of 5-7%, driven by price/mix growth and led by sustained momentum in snacks and emerging markets.
•adjusted operating profit growth of 7-9% on a currency-neutral basis as margins stabilize amidst persistent cost inflation.
•adjusted earnings per share decline of (2)-(4)% on a currency-neutral basis which includes a an approximate (7)% impact from the remeasurement of pension and postretirement plans, reflecting last year's sharp decline in financial markets, and it is also impacted by a significant increase in interest expense due to higher interest rates.
•net cash provided by operating activities of approximately $1.7-1.8 billion, with capital expenditure of about $0.7 billion including capital expenditure related to the pending separation. as a result, cash flow is expected to be $1.0-1.1 billion. this is below 2022 levels due solely to approximately $0.3 billion of up-front charges and capital expenditure related to the company's pending separation, without which cash flow would be higher year on year.
for simplicity reasons, this guidance assumes the north america cereal business will remain in kellogg company for the full year, even though the plan is to spin it off before year end.
reconciliation of non-gaap guidance measures we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of mark-to-market adjustments because these impacts are dependent on future changes in market conditions (interest rates, return on assets, and commodity prices). similarly, because of volatility in foreign exchange rates and shifts in country mix of our international earnings, we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential full-year financial impact of foreign currency translation.
as a result, these impacts are not included in the guidance provided. therefore, we are unable to provide a full reconciliation of these non-gaap measures used in our guidance without unreasonable effort as certain information necessary to calculate such measure on a gaap basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by the company.
see the table below that outlines the projected impact of certain other items that are excluded from non-gaap guidance for 2023:
impact of certain items excluded from non-gaap guidance:       net sales         operating profit              earnings per share business and portfolio realignment (pre-tax)                                     $25-$30m                           $0.07 - $0.09
income tax impact applicable to adjustments, net**                                                                  $0.24 - $0.25
* 2023 full year guidance for net sales, operating profit, and earnings per share are provided on a non-gaap basis only because certain information necessary to calculate such measures on a gaap basis is unavailable, dependent on future events outside of our control and cannot be predicted without unreasonable efforts by the company. these items for 2023 include impacts of mark-to-market adjustments for pension plans (service cost, interest cost, expected return on plan assets, and other net periodic pension costs are not excluded), commodity contracts, certain equity investments and certain foreign currency contracts. the company is providing quantification of known adjustment items where available.
reconciliation of non-gaap amounts - cash flow guidance
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities            $1.7 - $1.8
additions to properties                                        ~ ($0.7)