item 1a.    risk factors.
you should consider the risks described below in conjunction with the other information presented in this report. these risks have the potential to materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
summary risk factors some of the factors that could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects, include the following:
•our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions;
•we could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems;
•the costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the e.u. general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the california privacy rights act (cpra), could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation;
•our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change;
•we are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims;
•we cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business;
•our business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers;
•we may not be able to effectively identify and manage actual and apparent conflicts of interest;
•the loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to attract, retain and develop talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business;
•failure to maintain our corporate culture, particularly in a hybrid work environment, could damage our reputation;
•increasing scrutiny and changing laws and expectations from regulators, investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our environmental, social and governance (esg) practices and disclosure may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks;
•we face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve;
•we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. these vendors and third parties may act in ways that could harm our business;
•our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability;
•we face risks when we acquire businesses;
•if we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected;
•our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate;
•our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business;
•our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly;
•credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk;
•our current debt level could adversely affect our financial flexibility;
•we are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations;
•results in our risk and insurance services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity;
•volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to grow revenues and profitability;
•adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients, as well as allegations of anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest more broadly, could have a material adverse effect on marsh's business, results of operations and financial condition;
•mercer's wealth business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to public and private capital market fluctuations, third-party asset managers, operational and technology risks, conflicts of interest, esg and greenwashing, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business;
•revenues for the services provided by our consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset classes, our clients' or an industry's financial condition or government regulation or an accelerated trend away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments;
•factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect mercer; and
•the profitability of our consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.
risks relating to the company generally macroeconomic risks our results of operations and investments could be adversely affected by geopolitical or macroeconomic conditions.
geopolitical and macroeconomic conditions, including conflicts such as the war in ukraine, slower gdp growth or recession, capital markets volatility and inflation affect our clients' businesses and the markets they serve. these conditions, including inflationary expense pressure with our clients, may reduce demand for our services or depress pricing for those services, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
for example, the war in ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty and may negatively impact other regional and global economic markets (including europe and the united states), companies in other countries (particularly those that have done business with russia) and various sectors, industries and markets for securities and commodities globally, such as oil and natural gas, and may increase financial market volatility and adversely impact regional and global economic markets, industries and companies. moreover, for nearly three years, the covid-19 pandemic has impacted businesses, including our clients, third-party vendors and business partners, globally in every geography in which we operate. the ultimate extent of the impact of covid-19, including the impact of hybrid working arrangements, on us will depend on future developments that we are unable to predict. in addition, the continuing legal uncertainty, negotiations and potentially divergent laws and regulations as a result of brexit may continue to lead to economic and legal uncertainty, causing increased economic volatility or disrupting the markets and clients we serve.
changes in macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions could also shift demand to services for which we do not have a competitive advantage, and this could negatively affect the amount of business that we are able to obtain.
more generally, our investments, including our minority investments in other companies as well as our cash investments and those held in a fiduciary capacity, are subject to general credit, liquidity, counterparty, foreign exchange, market and interest rate risks. for example, in 2022, market conditions caused exchange rates to fluctuate significantly. these fluctuations in foreign exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our results of operations.
these risks may be exacerbated by global macroeconomic conditions, market volatility and regulatory, financial and other difficulties affecting the companies in which we have invested or that may be faced by financial institution counterparties. during times of stress in the banking industry, counterparty risk can quickly escalate, potentially resulting in substantial trading and investment losses for corporate and other investors. in addition, we may incur investment losses as a result of unusual and unpredictable market developments, and we may continue to experience reduced investment earnings if the yields on investments deemed to be low risk remain at or near their current low levels. if the banking system or the fixed income, interest rate, credit or equity markets deteriorate, the value and liquidity of our investments could be adversely affected. finally, the value of the company's assets held in other jurisdictions, including cash holdings, may decline due to foreign exchange fluctuations.
cybersecurity, data protection and technology risks we could incur significant liability or our reputation could be damaged if our information systems are breached or we otherwise fail to protect client or company data or information systems.
in operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we collect, use, store, transmit and otherwise process certain electronic information, including personal, confidential, proprietary and sensitive data such as information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and personal data of our clients, colleagues and vendors. we rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. in the normal course of business, we also share electronic information with our vendors and other third parties. this electronic information comprises sensitive and confidential data, including information related to financial records, health care, mergers and acquisitions and clients' personal data. our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, as well as the control systems of critical infrastructure they rely on, such as power grids, and undersea cables, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including physical attack, cyberattacks, computer viruses and other malware, ransomware and other types of data and systems-related modes of attack. a disruption of physical infrastructure could impact our ability to conduct business and service clients. this may include deliberate or unintentional disruption of service to electrical systems, satellite communications, undersea or terrestrial cable systems, internet services, or other systems our colleagues or third parties rely on us to conduct business in a multitude of jurisdictions across the globe. disruptions may be the result of weather, natural disaster, war, terrorism, pandemic, or other natural or geopolitical event. our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats such as improper action by employees, vendors and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems. moreover, we face the ongoing challenge of managing access controls in a complex environment. the latency of a compromise is often measured in months but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. we could experience significant financial and reputational harm if our information systems are breached, sensitive client or company data are compromised, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time or maliciously made public, or if we fail to make adequate or timely disclosures to the public or law enforcement agencies following any such event, whether due to delayed discovery or a failure to follow existing protocols.
cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature. we are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries, including state-sponsored organizations, organized crime and hackers, through use of increasingly sophisticated methods of attack, including the deployment of artificial intelligence to find and exploit vulnerabilities, "deep fakes", long-term, persistent attacks (referred to as advanced persistent threats) and the use of the it supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised suppliers accounts or hardware. in particular, we are at increased risk of a cyberattack during periods of heightened geopolitical conflict, such as the war in ukraine, as diplomatic events and economic policies may trigger espionage or retaliatory cyber incidents.
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems include, among other things, computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, social engineering attacks (including phishing and impersonation), hacking and denial-of-service attacks. because these techniques change frequently and new techniques may not be identified until they are launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures, resulting in potential data loss, data unavailability, data corruption or other damage to information technology systems. in addition, an increased level of remote and hybrid work arrangements post covid-19 has increased the risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks or unauthorized dissemination of personal, confidential, proprietary or sensitive data.
as the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, "open source" software, social media tools and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet (known as the "internet of things"), the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks also increases. despite ongoing efforts to improve our ability to protect data from compromise, we may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems. our efforts to improve and protect data from compromise may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or other cyber incidents. our policies, employee training (including phishing prevention training), procedures and technical safeguards may also be insufficient to prevent or detect improper access to confidential, personal or proprietary information. in addition, the competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, and we may also be unable to hire, develop or retain suitable talent capable of adequately detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks.
should an attacker gain access to our network using compromised credentials of an authorized user, we are at risk that the attacker might successfully leverage that access to compromise additional systems and data. certain measures that could increase the security of our systems, such as data encryption (including encryption of data at rest), heightened monitoring and logging, scanning for source code errors or deployment of multi-factor authentication, take significant time and resources to deploy broadly, and such measures may not be deployed in a timely manner or be effective against an attack. the inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. the volume of new software vulnerabilities has increased markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other remedial measures. in addition to remediating newly identified vulnerabilities, previously identified vulnerabilities must also be continuously addressed. accordingly, we are at risk that cyberattackers exploit these known vulnerabilities before they have been communicated by vendors or addressed. due to the large number and age of the systems and platforms that we operate, the increased frequency at which vendors are issuing security patches to their products, the need to test patches and, in some cases coordinate with clients and vendors, before they can be deployed, we perpetually face the substantial risk that we cannot deploy patches in a timely manner. we are also dependent on third party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have numerous vendors and other third parties who receive personal information from us in connection with the services we offer our clients and our employees. we also use hundreds of it vendors and software providers to maintain and secure our global information systems infrastructure. in addition, we have migrated certain data, and may increasingly migrate data, to the cloud hosted by third-party providers. some of these vendors and third parties also have direct access to our systems. we are at risk of a cyberattack involving a vendor or other third party, which could result in a breakdown of such third party's data protection processes or the cyberattackers gaining access to our infrastructure through a supply chain attack. highly publicized data security breaches, such as the december 2020 large-scale attack on solarwinds that created security vulnerabilities for public and private organizations around the world may embolden malicious actors to target the it supply chain and providers of business software. other similar supply chain compromises could have a significant negative impact on our systems and operations.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including the acquisition of jlt in 2019. the process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. for instance, we may not adequately identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities in an acquired entity's information systems, either before or after the acquisition, which could affect the value we are able to derive from the acquisition, expose us to unexpected liabilities or make our own systems more vulnerable to a cyberattack. in addition, if we discover a historical compromise, security breach or other cyber incident related to the target's information systems following the close of the acquisition, we may be liable and exposed to significant costs and other unforeseen liabilities. we may also be unable to integrate the systems of the businesses we acquire into our environment in a timely manner, which could further increase these risks until such integration takes place.
we have experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions (including computer viruses and ransomware), vulnerabilities in the software on which we rely, users exceeding their data access authorization, employee misconduct and incidents resulting from human error, such as emails sent to the wrong recipient, loss of portable and other data storage devices or misconfiguration of software or hardware resulting in inadvertent exposure of personal, sensitive, confidential or proprietary information. in april 2021, an unauthorized actor leveraged a vulnerability in a third party's software and gained access to a limited set of data in our environment. like many companies, we are also subject to social engineering attacks such as whatsapp scams and regular phishing email campaigns directed at our employees that can result in malware infections, fraud and data loss. although these incidents have resulted in data loss and other damages, to date, they have not had a material adverse effect on our business or operations. in the future, these types of incidents could result in personal, sensitive, confidential or proprietary information being lost or stolen, surreptitiously modified, rendered inaccessible for any period of time, or maliciously made public, including client, employee or company data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. in the event of a cyberattack, we might have to take our systems offline, which could interfere with services to our clients or damage our reputation. a cyberattack may also result in systems or data being encrypted or otherwise unavailable due to ransomware or other malware. we also may be unable to detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, or appropriately respond in a timely manner. in addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related data and system incidents.
the costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, u.s. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection, such as the e.u. general data protection regulation (gdpr) and the california privacy rights act (cpra), could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation.
improper collection, use disclosure, cross border transfer, and retention of confidential, personal, or proprietary data could result in regulatory scrutiny, legal and financial liability, or harm to our reputation. in operating our business and providing services and solutions to clients, we store and transfer sensitive employee and client data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. we collect data from client and individuals located all over the world and leverage systems and teams to process it. as a result, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states, europe and around the world regarding privacy, data protection, data security and cyber security. these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing. some of these laws and regulations are increasing the level of data handling restrictions, including rules on data localization, all of which could affect our operations and result in regulatory liability and high fines. in particular, high-profile data breaches at major companies continue to be disclosed regularly, which is leading to even greater regulatory scrutiny and fines at the highest levels they have ever been. these fines are not limited to data breaches and regulators are increasingly focusing on other data processing activities including those related to ad-tech and "data subject" rights.
the scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting. for example, the gdpr, which became effective in may 2018, greatly increased the european commission's jurisdictional reach of its laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data, such as the public disclosure of data breaches, privacy impact assessments, data portability and the appointment of data protection officers in some cases. in the u.s., cpra was passed in late 2020 and has greatly expanded the requirements under the california consumer privacy act (ccpa). despite a proliferation of regulatory guidance papers, there remains uncertainty in key areas related to the gdpr and the cpra, and that uncertainty could result in potential liability for our failure to meet our obligations under the gdpr and the cpra. given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, including classifying data and committing to a range of administrative, technical and physical controls to protect data and enable data transfers outside of the e.u., our compliance with laws such as the gdpr and the cpra will continue to require time, resources and review of the technology and systems we use. further, the european union court of justice's "schrems ii" decision and brexit continue to generate uncertainty with regard to the future of the flow of personal information between the u.s. and e.u and between the united kingdom and the e.u., and that uncertainty may impair our ability to offer our existing and planned products and services or increase our cost of doing business.
following the implementation of the gdpr, other jurisdictions have sought to amend, or propose legislation to amend, their existing data protection laws to align with the requirements of the gdpr with the aim of obtaining an adequate level of data protection to facilitate the transfer of personal data to most jurisdictions from the e.u. accordingly, the challenges we face in the e.u. will likely also apply to other jurisdictions that adopt laws similar to the gdpr or regulatory frameworks of equivalent complexity. for example, indonesia passed the personal data protection bill in 2022, australia and canada are seeking to make major amendments to their existing privacy laws and india is engaging in an ongoing effort to enact a new privacy law. some of the laws enacted in recent years, including those in china and the kingdom of saudi arabia, the laws include data localization elements that will require that certain personal data stay within their borders.
in the u.s., following the passage of the ccpa and cpra, four other states (colorado, connecticut, utah and virginia) passed privacy laws and there remains continued legislative interest in passing laws in additional states, as well as a federal privacy law, though the prospects of such a law passing soon have diminished.
in addition to data protection laws, countries and states in the u.s. are enacting cybersecurity laws and regulations. for example, in 2017 the new york state department of financial services (nydfs) issued cybersecurity regulations which imposed an array of detailed security measures on covered entities. these requirements were phased in and the last of them came into effect on march 1, 2019. the nydfs has now proposed an array of modifications to those rules which if passed would impose significant new requirements. a number of states have also adopted laws covering data collected by insurance licensees that include security and breach notification requirements. and at the federal level, the securities and exchange commission is seeking to impose new cybersecurity requirements, including new reporting obligations, on publicly traded companies. all of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects and could restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.
many statutory requirements, both in the united states and abroad, include obligations for companies to notify individuals of security breaches involving certain personal information, which could result from breaches experienced by us or our vendors. in addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups have and may in the future propose self-regulatory standards from time to time. these and other industry standards may legally or contractually apply to us, or we may elect to comply with such standards. we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws and regulations concerning data privacy and security, and we cannot yet determine the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. data protection laws also include strict notification requirements for organizations related to confirmed or suspected breaches. with such a limited time available to validate indicators, there is an increased risk of reporting a false alarm or immaterial breach, which may lead to reputational damage despite there not being an actual data breach.
furthermore, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations, including a recent focus on website "cookies" compliance in some countries, continue to increase. privacy violations, including unauthorized use disclosure or transfer of sensitive or confidential client or company data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, by the company, our vendors or other parties with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the standards we impose) could damage our reputation and subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. given the complexity of operationalizing the various privacy laws such as the gdpr and the cpra, the maturity level of proposed compliance frameworks and the continued lack of certainty on how to implement their requirements, we and our clients are at risk of enforcement actions taken by e.u. and other data protection authorities or litigation from consumer advocacy groups acting on behalf of data subjects. we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned products and services and increase our cost of doing business.
our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change.
we depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. as a result, our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. we have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology and infrastructure to support our own systems.
these investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. in addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. in some cases, we also depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. if these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. if we do not keep up with technological changes or execute effectively on our strategic initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
in addition, to remain competitive in many of our business areas, we must anticipate and respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. the threat comes from traditional players, such as insurers, through disintermediation as well as from new entrants, such as technology companies, "insurtech" start-up companies and others. in the past few years, there has been a substantial increase in private equity investments into these insurtech companies. these players are focused on using technology and innovation, including artificial intelligence (ai), digital platforms, data analytics, robotics and blockchain, to simplify and improve the client experience, increase efficiencies, alter business models and effect other potentially disruptive changes in the industries in which we operate.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to significant uninsured exposures arising from errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty and other claims.
our businesses provide numerous professional services, including the placement of insurance and the provision of consulting, investment advisory, investment management and actuarial services, to clients around the world. as a result, the company and its subsidiaries are subject to a significant number of errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of contract and similar claims, which we refer to collectively as "e&o claims." in our risk and insurance services segment, such claims include allegations of damages arising from our failure to assess clients' risks, advise clients, place coverage, or notify insurers of potential claims on behalf of clients in accordance with our obligations to them. for example, these claims could include allegations related to losses incurred by policyholders arising from the covid-19 pandemic, or losses from cyberattacks associated with policies where cyber risk was not specifically included or excluded in policies, commonly referred to as "silent cyber." in our consulting segment, where we increasingly act in a fiduciary capacity through our investments business, such claims could include allegations of damages arising from the provision of consulting, investment management (including, for example, from trading or other operational errors), actuarial, pension administration and other services. we may also be exposed to claims related to assets or solutions offered by the consulting segment in complement to its traditional consulting services. these consulting segment services frequently involve complex calculations and services, including (i) making assumptions about, and preparing estimates concerning, contingent future events, (ii) drafting and interpreting complex documentation governing pension plans, (iii) calculating benefits within complex pension structures, (iv) providing individual financial planning advice including investment advice and advice relating to cashing out of defined benefit pension plans, (v) providing investment advice, including guidance on asset allocation and investment strategy, and (vi) managing client assets, including the selection of investment managers and implementation of the client's investment policy. we provide these services to a broad client base, including clients in the public sector for our investment services. matters often relate to services provided by the company dating back many years. such claims may subject us to significant liability for monetary damages, including punitive and treble damages, negative publicity and reputational harm, and may divert personnel and management resources. we may be unable to effectively limit our potential liability in certain jurisdictions, including through insurance, or in connection with certain types of claims, particularly those concerning claims of a breach of fiduciary duty.
in establishing liabilities for e&o claims under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"), the company uses case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, actuarial analysis by oliver wyman, a subsidiary of the company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. a liability is established when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. the liability is assessed quarterly and adjusted as developments warrant. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because we are unable, at the present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the judgment involved in estimating and establishing liabilities in accordance with u.s. gaap, as well as the unpredictability of e&o claims and the litigation that can flow from them, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, results of operations or financial condition.
we cannot guarantee that we are or will be in compliance with all current and potentially applicable u.s. federal and state or foreign laws and regulations, and actions by regulatory authorities or changes in legislation and regulation in the jurisdictions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our activities are subject to extensive regulation under the laws of the united states and its various states, the united kingdom, the european union and its member states, australia and the other jurisdictions in which we operate. we are also subject to trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as afghanistan, belarus, cuba, iran, north korea, russia, syria, ukraine (russia-controlled territories) and venezuela, and anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. we are subject to numerous other laws on matters as diverse as internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, securities regulation, data privacy and protection, cybersecurity, taxation, anti-trust and competition, immigration, wage-and-hour standards and employment and labor relations.
the u.s. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to our operations are complex and may change rapidly, and our efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources. in some cases, these laws and regulations may decrease the need for our services, increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose operational limitations on our business, including on the products and services we may offer or on the amount or type of compensation we may collect. in addition, the financial and operational impact of complying with laws and regulations has increased in the current environment of increased regulatory activity and enforcement. changes with respect to the applicable laws and regulations may impose additional and unforeseen costs on us or pose new or previously immaterial risks to us. there can be no assurance that current and future government regulations will not adversely affect our business, and we cannot predict new regulatory priorities, the form, content or timing of regulatory actions, and their impact on our business and operations. in addition, geopolitical conflict, such as the war in ukraine, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, new and rapidly evolving trade sanctions, which may increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues or impose additional operational limitations on our businesses.
while we attempt to comply with applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we, our employees, our consultants and our contractors and other agents are in full compliance with such laws and regulations or interpretations at all times, or that we will be able to comply with any future laws or regulations. if we fail to comply or are accused of failing to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including those referred to above, or new and evolving regulations regarding cybersecurity, artificial intelligence or environmental, social and governance matters, we may become subject to investigations, criminal penalties, civil remedies or other consequences, including fines, injunctions, loss of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight by regulatory authorities, the suspension of individual employees, limitations on engaging in a particular business or redress to clients or other parties, and we may become exposed to negative publicity or reputational damage. moreover, our failure to comply with laws or regulations in one jurisdiction may result in increased regulatory scrutiny by other regulatory agencies in that jurisdiction or regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions. these inquiries consume significant management attention, and the cost of compliance and the consequences of failing to be in compliance could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business.
in addition, we may be responsible for the legal and regulatory liabilities of companies that we acquire. in particular, upon the consummation of the acquisition of jlt, the company assumed the legal liabilities and became responsible for jlt's litigation and regulatory exposures as of april 1, 2019. additional information regarding certain ongoing investigations and certain other legal and regulatory proceedings is set forth in note 16, claims, lawsuits and other contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included under part ii, item 8 of this report.
in most jurisdictions, government regulatory authorities have the power to interpret and amend or repeal applicable laws and regulations, and have discretion to grant, renew and revoke the various licenses and approvals we need to conduct our activities. such authorities may require the company to incur substantial costs in order to comply with such laws and regulations. in some areas of our businesses, we act on the basis of our own or the industry's interpretations of applicable laws or regulations, which may conflict from state to state or country to country. in the event those interpretations eventually prove different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities, we may be penalized or precluded from carrying on our previous activities. moreover, the laws and regulations to which we are subject may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we operate, which increases the likelihood of our businesses being non-compliant in one or more jurisdictions.
our business or reputation could be harmed by our reliance on third-party providers or introducers.
we currently utilize the services of hundreds of third-party providers to meet the needs of our clients around the world.
there is a risk that our third-party providers or introducers engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies or violate applicable laws and regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. anti-bribery act.
we may not be able to effectively identify and manage actual and apparent conflicts of interest.
given the significant volume of our engagements, potential conflicts of interest may arise across our businesses. there is a risk that we may not effectively identify and manage potential conflicts of interest, including but not limited to where our services to a client conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another client or our own interests, where we receive revenue or benefits from third-parties with whom we conduct business (including but not limited to insurers, investment managers and vendors) and where our colleagues have personal interests.
competitive risks the loss of members of our senior management team or other key colleagues, or if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to attract, retain and develop talent, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we rely upon the contributions of our senior management team to establish and implement our business strategy and to manage the future growth of our business. we may be unable to retain them, particularly if we do not offer employment terms that are competitive with the rest of the labor market. the loss of any of the senior management team could limit our ability to successfully execute our business strategy or adversely affect our ability to retain existing and attract new clients. moreover, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of members of our senior management team or if our succession plans do not operate effectively.
across all of our businesses, our colleagues are critical to developing and retaining client relationships as well as performing the services on which our revenues are earned. it is therefore important for us to attract, incentivize and retain significant revenue-producing employees and the key managerial and other professionals who support them. we face numerous challenges in this regard, including the intense competition for talent, which has accelerated through the pandemic. such challenges include the general mobility of colleagues that has increased as a result of the covid-19 pandemic as companies experiment with more flexible working models, market dislocation resulting from proposed and actual combinations in the industry, and fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.
losing colleagues who manage or support substantial client relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete client engagements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. if a key employee were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our clients could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. if a colleague joins us from a competitor and is subject to enforceable restrictive covenants, we may not be able to secure client engagements or maximize the colleague's potential. in addition, regulation or legislation impacting the workforce, such as the proposed u.s. federal trade commission rule regarding noncompete clauses, may lead to increased uncertainty and competition for talent.
failure to maintain our corporate culture, particularly in a hybrid work environment, could damage our reputation.
we strive to foster a culture in which our colleagues act with integrity and feel comfortable speaking up about potential misconduct. we are a people business, and our ability to attract and retain colleagues and clients is dependent upon our commitment to an inclusive and diverse workplace, trustworthiness, ethical business practices and other qualities. our colleagues are the cornerstone of this culture, and acts of misconduct by any colleague, and particularly by senior management, could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential clients and other stakeholders. remote and hybrid work arrangements may also negatively impact our ability to maintain and promote our culture, as we believe being together is integral to promoting our culture.
increasing scrutiny and changing laws and expectations from regulators, investors, clients and our colleagues with respect to our environmental, social and governance (esg) practices and disclosure may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks.
there is increased focus, including from governmental organizations, regulators (including the sec in the united states), investors, colleagues and clients, on esg issues such as environmental stewardship, climate change, greenhouse gas emissions, inclusion and diversity, human rights, racial justice, pay equity, workplace conduct, cybersecurity and data privacy. negative public perception, adverse publicity or negative comments in social media could damage our reputation if we do not, or are not perceived to, adequately address these issues. any harm to our reputation could impact colleague engagement and retention and the willingness of clients and our partners to do business with us.
additionally, there has been increased regulatory focus on esg and sustainability. for example, laws and regulations related to esg issues continue to evolve, including in the u.s., the u.k., the eu and australia, and these regulations may impose additional compliance or disclosure obligations on us. in particular, heightened demand for, and scrutiny of, esg and sustainable-related products, funds, investment strategies and advice has increased the risk that we could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements, commonly referred to as "greenwashing" or that we have otherwise run afoul of regulation. such perceptions or accusations could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business. furthermore, perceptions of our efforts to achieve esg goals or advance esg and sustainable-related products, funds, investment strategies or advice may differ widely among stakeholders and could present risks to our reputation and business.
moreover, as we continue to align with the recommendations of the financial stability board's task force on climate-related financial disclosures (tcfd), the sustainability accounting standards board (sasb), and our own esg assessments and priorities, we have expanded our public disclosures in these areas, including providing additional metrics and goals. these disclosures, metrics and goals and any failure to accurately report or comply with federal, state or international esg laws and regulations, or to achieve progress on our metrics and goals on a timely basis, or at all, may result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and negatively impact our reputation.
implementation of our esg initiatives also depends in part on third-party performance or data that is outside the company's control.
in addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to esg matters, and unfavorable ratings of our company or our industries may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries, exclusion of our stock from esg-oriented indices or investment funds or harm our relationships with regulators and the communities in which we operate.
we face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve.
as a global professional services firm, the company faces competition in each of its businesses, and the competitive landscape continues to change and evolve. our ability to compete successfully depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and expertise of our colleagues, our geographic reach, the sophistication and quality of our services, our pricing relative to competitors, our clients' ability to self-insure or use internal resources instead of consultants, and our ability to respond to changes in client demand and industry conditions. some of our competitors may have greater financial resources, or may be better positioned to respond to technological and other changes in the industries we serve, and they may be able to compete more effectively. additionally, the competition for talent has only accelerated following the covid-19 pandemic and recent dislocation in the market resulting from proposed and actual combinations among our competitors.
across our risk and insurance services segment, we operate in a variety of markets and face different competitive landscapes. in addition to the challenges posed by capital market alternatives to traditional insurance and reinsurance, we compete against a wide range of other insurance and reinsurance brokerage and risk advisory firms that operate on a global, regional, national or local scale for both client business and employee talent. in recent years, private equity sponsors have invested tens of billions of dollars into the insurance brokerage sector, transforming existing players and creating new ones to compete with large brokers. we also compete with insurance companies that market and service their insurance products directly to consumers and reinsurance companies that market and service their products directly to insurance companies, in each case without the assistance of brokers or other market intermediaries, and with various other companies that provide risk-related services or alternatives to traditional brokerage services, including those that rely almost exclusively on technological solutions or platforms. this competition is intensified by an often "syndicated" or "distributed" approach to the purchase of insurance and reinsurance brokerage services, where a client engages multiple brokers to service different portions of the client's account. in addition, third party capital providers have entered the insurance and reinsurance risk transfer market offering products and capital directly to our clients that serve as substitutes for traditional insurance.
in our consulting segment, we compete for business with numerous consulting firms and similar organizations, many of which also provide, or are affiliated with firms that provide, accounting, information systems, technology and financial services. such competitors may be able to offer more comprehensive products and services to potential clients, which may give them a competitive advantage. some of our competitors also may be able to invest more significant capital in technology and digital solutions. in certain sub-segments, we compete in highly fragmented markets or with start-ups that may be able to offer solutions at a lower price or on more favorable conditions.
in addition, companies in the industries that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if two or more of our current clients merge, or consolidate or combine their operations, it may decrease the amount of work that we perform for these clients.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties to perform key functions of our business operations and to provide services to our clients. these vendors and third parties may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on a large number of vendors and other third parties, and in some cases subcontractors, to provide services, data and information such as technology, information security, funds transfers, business process management, and administration and support functions that are critical to the operations of our business. these third parties include correspondents, agents and other brokers and intermediaries, insurance markets, data providers, plan trustees, payroll service providers, software and system vendors, health plan providers, investment managers, custodians, risk modeling providers, and providers of human resource functions, such as recruiters. many of these providers are located outside the u.s., which exposes us to business disruptions and political risks inherent when conducting business outside of the u.s. as we do not control many of the actions of these third parties, we are subject to the risk that their decisions or operations may adversely impact us and replacing these service providers could create significant delay in services or operations and additional expense.
a failure by the third parties to (i) comply with service level agreements in a high quality and timely manner, particularly during periods of our peak demand for their services, (ii) maintain adequate internal controls that may impact our own financial reporting, or (iii) adequately maintain the confidentiality of any of our data or trade secrets or adequately protect or properly use other intellectual property to which they may have access, could result in economic and reputational harm to us. these third parties also face their own technology, operating, business and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information or failure to comply with applicable law, could cause harm to our reputation or otherwise expose us to liability. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, non-compliance with legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, financial difficulties or for any other reason could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in contractual or regulatory penalties, liability claims from clients or employees, damage to our reputation and harm to our business.
business resiliency risks our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
if we experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity event, such as an earthquake, hurricane, flood, terrorist attack, pandemic, war or other geopolitical tensions, protests or riots, security breach, cyberattack (including manipulating the control systems of critical infrastructure), power loss or telecommunications failure, our ability to operate will depend, in part, on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. in such an event, we could experience operational challenges that could have a material adverse effect on our business. the risk of business disruption is more pronounced in certain geographic areas, including major metropolitan centers, like new york or london, where we have significant operations and approximately 3,500 and 5,600 colleagues in those respective locations, and in certain countries and regions in which we operate that are subject to higher potential threat of terrorist attacks or military conflicts.
our operations depend in particular upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage. if a business continuity event occurs, we could lose client or company data or experience interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, which could have a material adverse effect. such risks have increased significantly due to the hybrid work environment following the covid-19 pandemic. a cyberattack or other business continuity event affecting us or a key vendor or other third party could result in a significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our information technology systems or operations or our ability to recover data, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and remediate or otherwise resolve such issues. for example, hackers have increasingly targeted companies by attacking internet-connected industrial control and safety control systems. an extended outage could result in the loss of clients and a decline in our revenues. in the worst case, any manipulation of the control systems of critical infrastructure may even result in the loss of life.
we regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity, disaster recovery and data recovery plans and key management succession. however, a disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas within or across regions, or our inability to successfully recover from such an event, could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, damaged client relationships and legal liability. our business disruption insurance may also not fully cover, in type or amount, the cost of a successful recovery in the event of such a disruption.
acquisitions and dispositions risks we face risks when we acquire businesses.
we have a history of making acquisitions and investments, including a total of 93 in the period from 2017 to 2022. we may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses that we acquire into our own business, or achieve any expected cost savings or synergies from the integration of such businesses. subject to standard contractual protections, we may also be responsible for legacy liabilities of companies that we acquire.
in addition, if in the future the performance of our reporting units or an acquired business varies from our projections or assumptions, or estimates about future profitability of our reporting units or an acquired business change, the estimated fair value of our reporting units or an acquired business could change materially and could result in an impairment of goodwill and other acquisition-related intangible assets recorded on our balance sheet or in adjustments in contingent payment amounts. given the significant size of the company's goodwill and intangible assets, an impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in any given period.
we expect that acquisitions will continue to be a key part of our business strategy. our success in this regard will depend on our ability to identify and compete for appropriate acquisition candidates and to finance and complete the transactions we decide to pursue on favorable terms with positive results.
when we dispose of businesses, we may continue to be subject to certain liabilities of that business after its disposition relating to the prior period of our ownership and may not be able to negotiate for limitations on those liabilities. we are also subject to the risk that the sales price is less than the amount reflected on our balance sheet.
financial risks if we are unable to collect our receivables, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
our business depends on our ability to obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for the work we perform. as of december 31, 2022, our receivables for our commissions and fees were approximately $5.3 billion, or approximately one-quarter of our total annual revenues, and portions of our receivables are increasingly concentrated in certain businesses and geographies.
macroeconomic or geopolitical conditions, such as a slower economic growth or recession, the war in ukraine, inflationary pressures or supply chain challenges, could result in financial difficulties for our clients, which could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance or default on their payment obligations to us.
the maintenance and growth of our business, including our ability to finance acquisitions, the payment of dividends and our ability to make share repurchases rely on our access to capital, which depends in large part on cash flow generated by our business and the availability of equity and debt financing. certain of our businesses also rely on financings by the company to fund the underwriting of their client's debt and equity capital raising transactions. there can be no assurance that our operations will generate sufficient positive cash flow to finance all of our capital needs or that we will be able to obtain equity or debt financing on favorable terms, particularly in an environment of rising interest rates. in addition, our ability to obtain financing will depend in part upon prevailing conditions in credit and capital markets, which are beyond our control.
our defined benefit pension plan obligations could cause the company's financial position, earnings and cash flows to fluctuate.
our defined benefit pension obligations and the assets set aside to fund those obligations are sensitive to certain changes in the financial markets. any such changes may result in increased pension expense or additional cash payments to fund these plans.
the company has significant defined benefit pension obligations to its current and former employees, totaling approximately $11.8 billion, and related plan assets of approximately $13.0 billion, at december 31, 2022 on a u.s. gaap basis. the company's policy for funding its defined benefit pension plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth by law. in the united states, contributions to these plans are based on erisa guidelines. outside the united states, contributions are generally based on statutory requirements and local funding practices, which may differ from measurements under u.s. gaap. in the u.k., for example, the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plan trustees. currently, the use of these assumptions results in a lower funded status than determined under u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status.
the financial calculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans are complex. pension plan assets could decrease as the result of poor future asset performance. in addition, the estimated return on plan assets would likely be impacted by changes in the interest rate environment and other factors, including equity valuations, since these factors reflect the starting point used in the company's projection models. for example, a reduction in interest rates may result in a reduction in the estimated return on plan assets. also, pension plan liabilities, periodic pension expense and future funding amounts could increase as a result of a decline in the interest rates we use to discount our pension liabilities, longer lifespans than those reflected in our mortality assumptions, changes in investment markets that result in lower expected returns on assets, actual investment return that is less than the expected return on assets, adverse changes in laws or regulations and other variables.
while we have taken steps to mitigate the impact of pension volatility on our earnings and cash funding requirements, these strategies may not be successful. accordingly, given the magnitude of our worldwide pension plans, variations in or reassessment of the preceding or other factors or potential miscalculations relating to our defined benefit pension plans could cause significant fluctuation from year to year in our earnings and cash flow, as well as our pension plan assets and liabilities, and may result in increased levels of contributions to our pension plans.
our significant non-u.s. operations expose us to exchange rate fluctuations and various risks that could impact our business.
approximately 51% of our total revenue reported in 2022 was from business outside of the united states. we are subject to exchange rate movement because we must translate the financial results of our foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars and also because some of our subsidiaries receive revenue other than in their functional currencies. exchange rate movements may change over time, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows reported in u.s. dollars. for additional discussion, see "market risk and credit risk-foreign currency risk" in part ii, item 7a ("quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk") of this report.
our quarterly revenues and profitability may fluctuate significantly.
quarterly variations in revenues and operating results may occur due to several factors. these include:
•the number of client engagements during a quarter;
•the possibility that clients may decide to delay or terminate a current or anticipated project as a result of factors unrelated to our work product or progress;
•fluctuations in capacity and utilization rates and clients' ability to terminate engagements without penalty;
•our net colleague hires and related compensation and benefits expense;
•potential limitations on the clients or industries we serve resulting from increased regulation or changing stakeholder expectations on esg issues;
•the impact of changes in accounting standards or in our accounting estimates or assumptions;
•the impact on us or our clients of changes in legislation, regulation and legal guidance or interpretations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, in particular as a result of increased regulatory activity and enforcement;
•seasonality due to the impact of regulatory deadlines, policy renewals and other timing factors to which our clients are subject;
•the success of our acquisitions or investments;
•macroeconomic factors such as changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates and global public and private capital markets, particularly in the case of mercer, where fees in its investments business and certain other business lines are derived from the value of assets under management, advisement or administration; and
•general economic conditions, including factors beyond our control affecting economic conditions such as global health crises or pandemics, severe weather, climate change, geopolitical unrest such as the war in ukraine, protests and riots or other catastrophic events, since our results of operations are directly affected by the levels of business activity of our clients, which in turn are affected by the level of economic activity in the industries and markets that they serve.
a significant portion of our total operating expenses is relatively fixed in the short term. therefore, a variation in the number of client assignments or in the timing of the initiation or the completion of client assignments can cause significant variations in quarterly operating results for these businesses.
credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs and could subject us to operational risk.
currently, the company's senior debt is rated a- by s&p and fitch and baa1 by moody's. the company carries a stable outlook with both s&p and fitch and positive outlook with moody's.
if we need to raise capital in the future (for example, in order to maintain adequate liquidity, fund maturing debt obligations or finance acquisitions or other initiatives), credit rating downgrades would increase our financing costs, and could limit our access to financing sources. a downgrade to a rating below investment-grade could result in greater operational risks through increased operating costs and increased competitive pressures.
our current debt level could adversely affect our financial flexibility.
as of december 31, 2022, we had total consolidated debt outstanding of approximately $11.5 billion.
the level of debt outstanding could adversely affect our financial flexibility by reducing our cash flows and our ability to use cash from operations for other purposes, including working capital, dividends to shareholders, share repurchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. in addition, we are subject to risks that, at the time any of our outstanding debt matures, we will not be able to retire or refinance the debt on terms that are acceptable to us.
our effective tax rate may fluctuate in the future as a result of the current u.s. tax regime and the continuing issuance of interpretive guidance related to the operations of u.s.-based multinational corporations. these include significant provisions in u.s. income tax law that may have a meaningful impact on our income tax expense and require significant judgments and estimates in interpretation and calculations. current tax legislation includes, among other provisions, limitations on the deductibility of net interest expense, a minimum tax on most non-u.s. income called global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"), and the base erosion and anti-abuse tax ("beat"). in addition, a recently enacted book minimum tax could increase the impact of these provisions on our income tax expense. given the significant complexity of the rules, and the potential for additional guidance from the u.s. treasury, the securities and exchange commission, the financial accounting standards board or other regulatory authorities, recognized impacts in future periods could be significantly different from our current estimates. such uncertainty may also result in increased scrutiny from, or disagreements with, tax authorities. as a u.s.-domiciled company, any such increases would likely have a disproportionate impact on us compared to our foreign-based competitors.
global operations we are exposed to multiple risks associated with the global nature of our operations.
we conduct business globally. in 2022, approximately 51% of the company's total revenue was generated from operations outside the united states, and over one-half of our employees were located outside the united states. in addition, we conduct our operations through four separate businesses. potential conflicts of interest may arise across our businesses given the significant volume of our engagements.
the geographic breadth of our activities also subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance and reputational risks. these include, among others, risks relating to:
•economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate;
•client concentration in certain high-growth countries in which we operate;
•the length of payment cycles and potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;
•unexpected increases in taxes or changes in u.s. or foreign tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations, including upcoming changes to the u.k. statutory rate;
•the implementation of the organization for economic cooperation and development (oecd) international tax framework, including the pillar 2 minimum tax regime and the pillar 1 profit reallocation regime, which could substantially increase the company's effective tax rate;
•international initiatives to require multinational enterprises, like ours, to calculate and report profitability on a country-by-country basis, which could increase scrutiny by, or cause disagreements with, foreign tax authorities;
•potential transfer pricing-related tax exposures that may result from the flow of funds among our subsidiaries and affiliates in the various jurisdictions in which we operate;
•unexpected reassessment by tax authorities of interpretations of existing rules which may require companies to defend previously accepted positions and may create both new and prior-year exposures;
•our ability to obtain dividends or repatriate funds from our non-u.s. subsidiaries, including as a result of the imposition of currency controls and other government restrictions on repatriation in the jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries operate, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and the imposition of withholding and other taxes on such payments;
•geopolitical tensions, such as the war in ukraine, in countries where we operate, international hostilities, international trade disputes, terrorist activities, natural disasters, pandemics, and infrastructure disruptions;
•local investment or other financial restrictions that foreign governments may impose;
•potential lawsuits, investigations, market studies, reviews or other activity by foreign regulatory or law enforcement authorities or legislatively appointed commissions, which may result in potential modifications to our businesses, related private litigation or increased scrutiny from u.s. or other regulators;
•potential costs and difficulties in complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations (including tax systems) administered by foreign government agencies, some of which may conflict with u.s. or other sources of law;
•potential costs and difficulties in complying, or monitoring compliance, with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws relating to countries such as afghanistan, belarus, cuba, iran, north korea, russia, syria, ukraine (russia-controlled territories) and venezuela, anti-corruption laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act 2010;
•limitations or restrictions that foreign or u.s. governments and regulators may impose on the products or services we sell, the methods by which we sell our products and services and the manner in which and the amounts we are compensated;
•limitations that foreign governments may impose on the conversion of currency or the payment of dividends or other remittances to us from our non-u.s. subsidiaries;
•engaging and relying on third parties to perform services on behalf of the company; and
risks relating to our risk and insurance services segment our risk and insurance services segment, conducted through marsh and guy carpenter, represented 61% of the company's total revenue in 2022. our business in this segment is subject to particular risks.
results in our risk and insurance services segment may be adversely affected by a general decline in economic activity.
demand for many types of insurance and reinsurance generally rises or falls as economic growth expands or slows. this dynamic affects the level of commissions and fees generated by marsh and guy carpenter. to the extent our clients become adversely affected by declining business conditions, they may choose to limit their purchases of risk services and insurance and reinsurance coverage, as applicable, which would adversely impact our commission revenue and other revenue based on premiums placed and services provided by us. also, the insurance they seek to obtain through us may be impacted by changes in their assets, property values, sales or number of employees, which may reduce our commission revenue, and they may decide not to purchase our risk advisory or other services, which would inhibit our ability to generate fee revenue. moreover, insolvencies and combinations associated with an economic downturn, especially insolvencies and combinations in the insurance industry, could adversely affect our brokerage business through the loss of clients or by limiting our ability to place insurance and reinsurance business, as well as our revenues from insurers. guy carpenter is especially susceptible to this risk given the limited number of insurance company clients and reinsurers in the marketplace.
volatility or declines in premiums and other market trends may significantly impede our ability to grow revenues and profitability.
a significant portion of our risk and insurance services revenue consists of commissions paid to us out of the premiums that insurers and reinsurers charge our clients for coverage. we do not determine the insurance premiums on which our commissions are generally based. our revenues and profitability are subject to change to the extent that premium rates fluctuate or trend in a particular direction. the potential for changes in premium rates is significant, due to the normal cycles of pricing in the commercial insurance and reinsurance markets.
as traditional insurance companies continue to rely on non-affiliated brokers or agents to generate premium, those insurance companies may seek to reduce their expenses by lowering their commission rates. the reduction of these commission rates, along with general volatility or declines in premiums, may significantly affect our revenue and profitability. because we do not determine the timing or extent of premium pricing changes, it is difficult to accurately forecast our commission revenues, including whether they will significantly decline. as a result, we may have to adjust our plans for future acquisitions, capital expenditures, dividend payments, loan repayments and other expenditures to account for unexpected changes in revenues, and any decreases in premium rates may adversely affect the results of our operations.
in addition to movements in premium rates, our (and mercer's health business's) ability to generate premium-based commission revenue may be challenged by disintermediation and the growing availability of alternative methods for clients to meet their risk-protection needs. this trend includes a greater willingness on the part of corporations to self-insure, the expanded use of captive insurers, and the presence of capital markets-based solutions for traditional insurance and reinsurance needs. further, the profitability of our risk and insurance services segment depends in part on our ability to be compensated for the analytical services and other advice that we provide, including the consulting and analytics services that we provide to insurers. if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for all of our services, our margins and profitability could decline.
adverse legal developments and future regulations concerning how intermediaries are compensated by insurers or clients, as well as allegations of anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest more broadly, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the ways in which insurance intermediaries are compensated receive scrutiny from regulators in part because of the potential for anti-competitive behavior and conflicts of interest. the vast majority of the compensation that marsh receives is in the form of retail fees and commissions that are paid by the client or paid from premium that is paid by the client. the amount of other compensation that we receive from insurance companies, separate from retail fees and commissions, has increased in the last several years, both on an underlying basis and through acquisition and represented approximately 6% of marsh's revenue in 2022. this other compensation includes payment for (i) consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; (ii) administrative and other services provided to insurers (including underwriting services and services relating to the administration and management of quota shares, panels and other facilities); and (iii) contingent commissions, primarily at mma and outside the u.s., paid by insurers based on factors such as volume or profitability. these other revenue streams present potential regulatory, litigation and reputational risks that may arise from alleged anti-competitive behavior or conflicts of interest, (including those arising from guy carpenter's role as intermediary and advisor for insurance companies), and future changes in the regulatory environment may impact our ability to collect such revenue. adverse regulatory, legal or other developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and expose the company to negative publicity and reputational harm.
risks relating to our consulting segment our consulting segment, conducted through mercer and oliver wyman group, represented 39% of our total revenue in 2022. our businesses in this segment are subject to particular risks.
mercer's wealth business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to public and private capital market fluctuations, third-party asset managers, operational and technology risks, conflicts of interest, esg and greenwashing, asset performance and regulatory compliance, that, if realized, could result in significant damage to our business.
mercer's investments business provides clients with digital tools, investment consulting and investment management services. mercer's investments business is subject to a number of risks, including risks related to litigation (both by clients and by plan participants, particularly as we increasingly act in a fiduciary capacity), liquidity and market volatility, third-parties, our operations and technology, trading errors, conflicts of interest, asset performance and regulatory compliance and scrutiny, which could arise in connection with these offerings. for example, mercer's manager research or due diligence on an asset manager may fail to uncover material deficiencies or fraud that could result in investment losses to a client. there is a risk that mercer will fail to properly or timely implement a client's investment policy or direction, which could cause an incorrect or untimely allocation of client assets among asset classes, asset managers, or strategies. mercer may also be perceived as making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding the investment strategies of our offerings with respect to esg or sustainability, commonly referred to as "greenwashing," or recommending certain asset managers to clients or offering delegated solutions to an investment consulting client, solely to enhance its own compensation or due to other perceived conflicts of interest. asset classes may perform poorly, or asset managers may underperform their benchmarks, due to poor market performance, a downturn in the global markets, negligence or other reasons, resulting in poor returns or loss of client assets. changes in the value of equity, debt, currency real estate, commodities, alternatives or other asset classes, in particular as a result of a downturn in the global markets, could cause the value of our assets under management or advisement, and the fees earned by mercer to decline. mercer or its clients may be subject to claims or class action litigation relating to advice given or investment decisions made by plan sponsors and plan fiduciaries, particularly relating to 401(k) plans in the u.s. or pension schemes in the u.k. these risks, if realized, could result in significant liability and damage our business.
revenues for the services provided by our consulting segment may decline for various reasons, including as a result of changes in economic conditions, the value of equity, debt and other asset classes, our clients' or an industry's financial condition or government regulation or an accelerated trend away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments.
global economic conditions, including slower gdp growth or recession, inflationary pressure and foreign exchange rate volatility, may negatively impact businesses and financial institutions. many of our clients, including financial institutions, corporations, government entities and pension plans, have reduced expenses, including amounts spent on consulting services, and used internal resources instead of consultants during difficult economic periods. the evolving needs and financial circumstances of our clients may reduce demand for our consulting services and could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. if the economy or markets in which we operate experience weakness or deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. if our clients reduce their headcounts, they will have fewer employee lives covered under their health plans, which may reduce premiums and the commission or supplemental compensation mercer may receive.
in addition, some of mercer's investments business generate fees based upon the value of the clients' assets under management, advisement or administration. changes in the value of equity, debt, currency, real estate, commodities, alternatives or other asset classes could cause the value of assets under management, advisement or administration, and the fees received by mercer, to decline. such changes could also cause clients to withdraw funds from mercer's investments business in favor of other investment service providers. in either case, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. mercer's investments business also could be adversely affected by an accelerated shift away from actively managed investments to passively managed investments with associated lower fees. further, revenue received by mercer as investment manager to the majority of the mercer-managed investment funds is reported in accordance with u.s. gaap on a gross basis rather than a net basis, with sub-advisor fees reflected as an expense. therefore, the reported revenue for these offerings does not fully reflect the amount of net revenue ultimately attributable to mercer.
demand for many of mercer's benefits services is affected by government regulation and tax laws, rulings, policies and interpretations, which drive our clients' needs for benefits-related services. significant changes in government regulations affecting the value, use or delivery of benefits and human resources programs, including changes in regulations relating to health and welfare plans, defined contribution plans or defined benefit plans, may adversely affect the demand for or profitability of mercer's services.
factors affecting defined benefit pension plans and the services we provide relating to those plans could adversely affect mercer.
mercer currently provides plan sponsors, plan trustees, multi-employer and public entity clients with actuarial, consulting and administration services relating to defined benefit pension plans. the nature of our work is complex. many clients, particularly in the public sector, have sizeable pension deficits and are subject to impact from volatility in the global markets and interest rate fluctuations. a number of mercer's clients have frozen or curtailed their defined benefit plans and have moved to defined contribution plans resulting in reduced revenue for mercer's retirement business. these developments, fee compression pressures, and a continued or accelerated rate of decline in revenues for our defined benefit pension plans business could adversely affect mercer's business and operating results. in addition, our actuarial services involve numerous assumptions and estimates regarding future and contingent events, including interest rates used to discount future liabilities, estimated rates of return for a plan's assets, healthcare cost trends, salary projections and participants' life expectancies. mercer's consulting services involve the drafting and interpretation of trust deeds and other complex documentation governing pension plans. mercer's administration services include calculating benefits within complicated pension plan structures. mercer's investments services include investment advice and management relating to defined benefit pension plan assets intended to fund present and future benefit obligations. clients dissatisfied with our services have brought, and may bring, significant claims against us, particularly in the united states and the united kingdom.
additionally, a rapid rise in interest rates could result in higher defined benefit pension plan funding levels. in some markets, this could accelerate clients' desire to conduct a buyout or third-party risk transfer. such a transaction could result in additional short-term revenue for mercer to the extent we advise the client on the transaction, but a loss in longer term recurring revenue related to the plan.
the profitability of our consulting segment may decline if we are unable to achieve or maintain adequate utilization and pricing rates for our consultants.
the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on ensuring that our consultants maintain adequate utilization rates (i.e., the percentage of our consultants' working hours devoted to billable activities). our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including:
•general economic conditions;
•our ability to continually secure new business engagements, particularly because a portion of our work is project-based rather than recurring in nature;
•our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;
•our ability to retain key colleagues and consulting professionals;
•unanticipated changes in the scope of client engagements;
•the potential for conflicts of interest that might require us to decline client engagements that we otherwise would have accepted;
•our need to devote time and resources to sales, training, professional development and other non-billable activities; and
•the potential disruptive impact of acquisitions and dispositions.
if the utilization rate for our consulting professionals declines, our revenues, profit margin and profitability could decline.
in addition, the profitability of our consulting businesses depends in part on the prices we are able to charge for our services. the prices we charge are affected by a number of factors, including:
•general economic conditions;
•clients' perception of our ability to add value through our services;
•market demand for the services we provide;
•our ability to develop new services and the introduction of new services by competitors;
•the pricing policies of our competitors; and
•the extent to which our clients develop in-house or other capabilities to perform the services that they might otherwise purchase from us.
if we are unable to achieve and maintain adequate billing rates for our services, our profit margin and profitability could decline.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general marsh & mclennan companies inc., and its consolidated subsidiaries (the "company") is a global professional services firm offering clients advice in the areas of risk, strategy and people. the company's more than 85,000 colleagues advise clients in over 130 countries. with annual revenue of over $20 billion, the company helps clients navigate an increasingly dynamic and complex environment through four market-leading businesses. marsh provides data-driven risk advisory services and insurance solutions to commercial and consumer clients. guy carpenter develops advanced risk, reinsurance and capital strategies that help clients grow profitably and identify and capitalize on emerging opportunities. mercer delivers advice and technology-driven solutions that help organizations redefine the future of work, shape retirement and investment outcomes, and advance health and well-being for a changing workforce. oliver wyman group serves as a critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients.
the company conducts business through two segments:
•risk and insurance services includes risk management activities (risk advice, risk transfer and risk control and mitigation solutions) as well as insurance and reinsurance broking and services. the company conducts business in this segment through marsh and guy carpenter.
•consulting includes health, wealth and career solutions and products, and specialized management, strategic, economic and brand consulting services. the company conducts business in this segment through mercer and oliver wyman group.
the consolidated results of operations in the management discussion & analysis ("md&a") includes an overview of the company's consolidated 2022 results compared to the 2021 results, and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes. this section also includes a discussion of the key drivers impacting the company's financial results of operations both on a consolidated basis and by reportable segments.
we describe the primary sources of revenue and categories of expense for each segment in the discussion of segment financial results. a reconciliation of segment operating income to total operating income is included in note 17, segment information, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8, of this report.
for information and comparability of the company's results of operations and liquidity and capital resources for fiscal year 2020, refer to "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2021.
this md&a contains forward-looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. refer to "information concerning forward-looking statements" at the outset of this report.
financial highlights
•consolidated revenue in 2022 was $20.7 billion, an increase of 5% compared with 2021, or 9% on an underlying basis.
•consolidated operating income decreased $32 million, or 1% to $4.3 billion in 2022, compared with 2021. net income attributable to the company was $3.0 billion. earnings per share decreased from $6.13 to $6.04, or 1% from the prior year.
•risk and insurance services revenue in 2022 was $12.6 billion, an increase of 5%, or 9% on an underlying basis. operating income was $3.1 billion in both 2022 and 2021.
•consulting revenue in 2022 was $8.1 billion, an increase of 5%, or 8% on an underlying basis. operating income was $1.6 billion and $1.5 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
•the company's results of operations in 2022 were impacted by restructuring activities of $427 million, primarily related to severance and lease exit charges for activities focused on workforce actions, technology rationalization and reductions in real estate.
•the company completed 20 acquisitions in 2022, the largest being the acquisition of hms insurance inc., a full service broker in the risk and insurance services segment, and the avascent group ltd, an aerospace and defense management consulting firm in the consulting segment.
•in 2022, mercer sold its u.s. affinity business that provided insurance marketing, brokerage and administration to association and affinity groups for cash proceeds of approximately $140 million and a net gain of $112 million.
•the company issued senior notes of $500 million due 2032 and $500 million due 2052, and repaid senior notes of $350 million due in march 2023.
for additional details, refer to the consolidated results of operations and liquidity and capital resources sections in this md&a.
acquisitions and dispositions impacting the risk and insurance services and consulting segments are discussed in note 5, acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
deconsolidation of russia on february 24, 2022, russian forces launched a military invasion of ukraine. in response, the united states (u.s.), the european union (e.u.), united kingdom (u.k.) and other governments have imposed significant economic sanctions on russia, and russia has responded with counter-sanctions.
the company concluded that it did not meet the accounting criteria for control over its wholly-owned russian businesses due to the evolving trade and economic sanctions, and recorded a loss of $52 million on the deconsolidation of the russian businesses and other related charges. subsequently, the company entered into a definitive agreement to exit its businesses in russia and transfer ownership to local management, pending regulatory approvals. refer to note 5, acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the deconsolidation of the russian businesses.
the war in ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty. the company continues to monitor the ongoing situation and its potential impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
business update related to covid-19
for nearly three years, the covid-19 pandemic has impacted businesses globally including in every geography in which the company operates. our businesses have remained resilient throughout the pandemic and demand for our advice and services remains strong. the ultimate extent of the impact of covid-19 to the company will depend on future developments that it is unable to predict.
factors that could adversely affect the company's financial statements related to the financial and operational impact of covid-19 are included in "item 1a - risk factors" in part i of this report.
consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31,(in millions, except per share data)                2022                    2021                    2020
expense compensation and benefits                                                     12,071                   11,425                  10,129
other operating expenses                                                       4,369                    4,083                   4,029
operating expenses                                                            16,440                   15,508                  14,158
operating income                                                              $4,280                   $4,312                  $3,066
average number of shares outstanding
consolidated operating income decreased $32 million, or 1% to $4.3 billion in 2022, compared to the prior year, reflecting a 5% increase in revenue and a 6% increase in expenses. revenue growth was driven by increases of 5% in both risk and insurance services and consulting, reflecting the continued strong demand for our advice and services and the expansion of the global economy. the increase in expenses is primarily due to increased headcount and higher incentive compensation, as well as severance and lease exit charges. expenses also reflect higher travel and entertainment costs, partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization primarily in the risk and insurance services segment in 2022 compared to the prior year. in 2022, net operating income was also impacted by foreign exchange movements across both segments due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar.
diluted earnings per share decreased from $6.13 to $6.04, or 1% from the prior year. the decrease is primarily the result of lower operating income, other net benefits credits and investment income, and higher interest expense in 2022, compared to the prior year. the decrease in net income attributable to the company was offset by lower income taxes in 2022. income taxes for 2021, included a net charge of $110 million for the re-measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities due to the enactment of a tax rate increase from 19% to 25% in the u.k, partially offset by no tax impact on the gain related to the consolidation of marsh india.
in 2022 and 2021, the company's results of operations and earnings per share were impacted by the following items:
changes in contingent consideration                                                   49                    57                    26
disposal of businesses                                                             (122)                  (49)                   (8)
deconsolidation of russian businesses and other related charges                       52                     -                     -
gain on consolidation of business                                                      -                 (267)                     -
impact on income before taxes                                                       $486                 $(22)                  $578
•restructuring, excluding jlt: primarily includes severance and lease exit charges for activities focused on workforce actions, rationalization of technology and functional resources, and reductions in real estate. costs also reflect charges for marsh's operational excellence program. these costs are discussed in more detail in note 14, restructuring costs, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
•changes in contingent consideration: includes the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to acquisitions and dispositions measured each quarter.
•jlt integration and restructuring costs: primarily reflects lease exit charges for a legacy jlt u.k. location in 2022. in 2021, costs incurred include severance, lease exit charges, technology costs, and consulting services related to the integration of jlt. the company completed the integration of jlt in 2022.
•jlt acquisition-related costs and other: retention costs and legal charges related to the acquisition of jlt.
•jlt legacy legal charges: charges and recoveries related to legacy jlt legal matters. in 2021, the company recorded a $36 million reduction in the liability for a legacy jlt errors and omissions ("e&o") related to the suitability of advice provided to individuals for defined benefit pension transfers in the u.k., as well as $33 million of recoveries under indemnities and insurance. the reduction in liability primarily reflects lower redress payments than previously estimated, partially offset by higher costs to review and calculate redress. refer to note 16, claims, lawsuits and other contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
•legal claims: the company recorded settlement and legal costs related to strategic recruiting.
•disposal of businesses: primarily reflects a net gain of $112 million on sale of the mercer u.s. affinity business in 2022, that provided insurance marketing, brokerage and administration to association and affinity groups. in 2021, the amount primarily reflects a gain on the sale of the u.k. commercial networks business that provided broking and back-office solutions for small independent brokers. these amounts are reflected as a component of revenue in the consolidated statements of income and excluded from the calculations of underlying revenue.
•pre-acquisition related costs: includes integration costs for the pending westpac banking corporation superannuation fund transaction in australia, which is expected to close in the first half of 2023. refer to note 5, acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
•deconsolidation of russian businesses and other related charges: loss on deconsolidation of russian businesses of $39 million is included in revenue in the consolidated statements of income and excluded from the calculations of underlying revenue.
•gain on consolidation of business: in 2021, the company increased its ownership in marsh india from 49% to 92%. prior to the increase in ownership, the company accounted for the investment under the equity method of accounting. in connection with the increased investment in marsh india, the company recorded a gain of $267 million, related to the re-measurement of its previously held investment to fair value.
consolidated revenue and expense revenue - components of change the company conducts business in 130 countries. as a result, foreign exchange rate movements may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. similarly, certain other items such as the revenue impact of acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. underlying revenue measures the change in revenue from one period to another by isolating these impacts.
the impact of foreign currency exchange fluctuations, acquisitions and dispositions, including transfers among businesses, on the company's operating revenues by segment is as follows:
year ended                      % change                                                     %                                                                                                                                                               components of revenue change**
december 31,                          gaap                                                change revenue                       revenue excl. marsh india gain*
(in millions, except percentages)                   2022                            2021                                                                                                      currency impact                        acquisitions/                                         underlying revenue dispositions/ other impact risk and insurance services marsh                                       $10,505                         $10,203                             3    %                                        6            %                                                                                                                     (3)        %                        1    %                        8    %
total risk and insurance services            12,645                          12,085                             5    %                                        7            %                                                                                                                     (3)        %                        1    %                        9    %
* percentage change excludes the gain from the consolidation of marsh india of $267 million from prior year's gaap revenue.
** components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
the following table provides more detailed revenue information for certain of the components presented above:
year ended                      % change                                                     %                                                                                                                                                                              components of revenue change**
december 31,                          gaap                                                change revenue                       revenue excl. marsh india gain*
(in millions, except percentages)                   2022                            2021                                                                                                            currency impact                       acquisitions/ dispositions/ other impact                        underlying revenue marsh:
health                                        2,017                           1,855                             9    %                                                                                                                                                                                          (3)        %                        3    %                        9    %
* percentage change excludes the gain from the consolidation of marsh india of $267 million from prior year's gaap revenue.
** components of revenue change may not add due to rounding.
consolidated revenue consolidated revenue increased $900 million, or 5%, to $20.7 billion in 2022, compared to $19.8 billion in 2021. consolidated revenue increased 9% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease of 4% from the impact of foreign currency translation. on an underlying basis, revenue increased 9% and 8% in 2022, in the risk and insurance services and consulting segments, respectively.
underlying revenue growth in the risk and insurance services and consulting segments was driven by the continued strong demand for our advice and services, the expansion of the global economy, new business growth, and solid retention including continued benefits from pricing in the market place.
consolidated operating expenses consolidated operating expenses increased $932 million, or 6%, to $16.4 billion in 2022, compared to $15.5 billion in 2021, reflecting increases of 10% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease of 4% from the impact of foreign currency translation. on an underlying basis, expenses increased 9% in 2022, in both the risk and insurance services and consulting segments.
the increase in underlying expenses is primarily due to increased headcount and higher incentive compensation, as well as severance and lease exit charges. expenses also reflect higher travel and entertainment costs, partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization primarily in the risk and insurance services segment in 2022 compared to the prior year.
in 2022, the company incurred $427 million of restructuring costs, primarily severance and lease exit charges, of which $219 million related to the company's activities focused on workforce actions, rationalization of technology and functional services, and reductions in real estate. these activities were initiated in the fourth quarter of 2022 and the company expects related estimated savings in 2023 to be in the range of $125 million to $150 million. based on current estimates, the company anticipates these activities will continue throughout 2023 and into 2024. however, additional charges are unlikely to exceed costs incurred in 2022. the company's plans are still being finalized, which may change the expected timing, estimates of expected costs and related savings, as the company continues to refine its detailed plans for each business and location.
expenses also reflect lease exit charges of $89 million in the risk and insurance services segment for a legacy jlt u.k. location. for additional details, refer to note 14, restructuring costs, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
risk and insurance services in the risk and insurance services segment, the company's subsidiaries and other affiliated entities act as brokers, agents or consultants for insureds, insurance underwriters and other brokers in the areas of risk management, insurance broking, insurance program management, risk consulting, analytical modeling and alternative risk financing services, primarily under the name of marsh, and engage in specialized reinsurance broking, strategic advisory services and analytics solutions, primarily under the name of guy carpenter.
marsh and guy carpenter are compensated for brokerage and consulting services through commissions and fees. commission rates and fees vary in amount and can depend on a number of factors, including the type of insurance or reinsurance coverage provided, the particular insurer or reinsurer selected, and the capacity in which the broker acts and negotiates with clients. revenues can be affected by premium rate levels in the insurance/reinsurance markets, the amount of risk retained by insurance and reinsurance clients, and by the value of the risks that have been insured since commission-based compensation is frequently related to the premiums paid by insureds and reinsureds. in many cases, fee compensation may be negotiated in advance, based on the type of risk, coverage required and service provided by the company and ultimately, the extent of the risk placed into the insurance market or retained by the client. the trends and comparisons of revenue from one period to the next can be affected by changes in premium rate levels, fluctuations in client risk retention and increases or decreases in the value of risks that have been insured, as well as new and lost business, and the volume of business from new and existing clients.
in addition to compensation from its clients, marsh also receives other compensation, separate from retail fees and commissions, from insurance companies. this other compensation includes, among other things, payment for consulting and analytics services provided to insurers; compensation for administrative and other services (including fees for underwriting services and services provided to or on behalf of insurers relating to the administration and management of quota shares, panels and other facilities in which insurers participate); and contingent commissions, which are paid by insurers based on factors such as volume or profitability of marsh's placements, primarily driven by marsh mclennan agency ("mma") and parts of marsh's international operations. marsh and guy carpenter receive interest income on certain funds (such as premiums and claims proceeds) held in a fiduciary capacity for others. the investment of fiduciary funds is regulated by state and other insurance authorities. these regulations typically require segregation of fiduciary funds and limit the types of investments that may be made. interest income from these investments varies depending on the amount of funds invested and applicable interest rates, both of which vary from time to time. for presentation purposes, fiduciary interest income is segregated from the other revenues of marsh and guy carpenter and separately presented within the segment, as shown in the previous revenue by segments tables.
the results of operations for the risk and insurance services segment are as follows:
compensation and benefits                        6,938                   6,506                   5,690
other operating expenses                         2,618                   2,499                   2,301
operating expenses                               9,556                   9,005                   7,991
operating income                                $3,089                  $3,080                  $2,346
operating income margin                          24.4%                   25.5%                   22.7%
revenue revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased $560 million, or 5%, to $12.6 billion in 2022, compared with $12.1 billion in 2021. revenue increased by 7% excluding the marsh india gain in 2021. this reflects increases of 9% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, offset by a decrease of 3% from the impact of foreign currency translation. interest earned on fiduciary funds increased by $105 million to $120 million, compared to $15 million in the prior year.
the increase in underlying revenue in the risk and insurance services segment was primarily due to growth in new business from existing clients, investments in talent, and solid retention including continued benefits from pricing in the marketplace. the increase in interest earned on fiduciary funds in 2022 is a result of higher interest rates compared to the prior year.
in marsh, revenue increased $302 million, or 3%, to $10.5 billion in 2022, compared to $10.2 billion in 2021. revenue increased by 6% excluding the marsh india gain in 2021. this reflects increases of 8% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, offset by a decrease of 3% from the impact of foreign currency translation. on an underlying basis, u.s./canada rose 7%. total international operations produced underlying revenue growth of 10%, reflecting growth of 13% in asia pacific, 11% in latin america and 8% in emea.
results in 2022 also include a charge of $27 million related to the loss on deconsolidation of the company's russian businesses. in 2021, revenue from acquisitions reflected a gain of $267 million related to the re-measurement of the previously held equity method investment in marsh india and a net gain of approximately $50 million related to the disposition of the commercial networks business in the u.k.
at guy carpenter, revenue increased $153 million, or 8%, to $2.0 billion in 2022, compared with $1.9 billion in 2021. this reflects increases of 9% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, offset by a decrease of 2% related to the impact of foreign currency translation.
the risk and insurance services segment completed 16 acquisitions in 2022. information regarding these acquisitions is included in note 5, acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
operating expenses expenses in the risk and insurance services segment increased $551 million, or 6%, to $9.6 billion in 2022, compared with $9.0 billion in 2021. this reflects increases of 9% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, offset by a decrease of 4% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
the increase in underlying expenses in 2022 is primarily due to increased headcount and higher incentive compensation, as well as severance and lease exit charges. in 2022, the company incurred $254 million for restructuring costs in risk and insurance services, of which $104 million related to the company's activities focused on workforce actions, rationalization of technology and functional services, and reductions in real estate.
expenses also reflect higher lease related exit costs for a legacy jlt u.k. location of $89 million, and higher travel and entertainment costs, partially offset by lower depreciation and amortization in 2022, compared to the prior year.
consulting the company conducts business in its consulting segment through mercer and oliver wyman group. mercer delivers advice and technology-driven solutions that help organizations redefine the future of work, shape retirement and investment outcomes, and advance health and well-being for a changing workforce. oliver wyman serves as a critical strategic, economic and brand advisor to private sector and governmental clients.
the major component of revenue in the consulting business is fees paid by clients for advice and services. mercer, principally through its health line of business, also earns revenue in the form of commissions received from insurance companies for the placement of group (and occasionally individual) insurance contracts, primarily life, health and accident coverages. revenue for mercer's investment management business and certain of mercer's defined benefit and contribution administration services consists principally of fees based on assets under management or administration. for a majority of the mercer managed investment funds, revenue is recorded on a gross basis with sub-advisor fees included in other operating expenses.
revenue in the consulting segment is affected by, among other things, global economic conditions, including changes in clients' particular industries and markets. revenue is also affected by competition due to the introduction of new products and services, broad trends in employee demographics, including levels of employment and the effect of government policies and regulations. revenues from investment management services and retirement trust and administrative services are significantly affected by the level of assets under management or administration, which is impacted by securities market performance.
the results of operations for the consulting segment are as follows:
compensation and benefits                        4,626                   4,435                   3,995
other operating expenses                         1,960                   1,850                   1,987
operating expenses                               6,586                   6,285                   5,982
operating income                                $1,553                  $1,504                    $994
operating income margin                          19.1%                   19.3%                   14.3%
revenue consulting revenue increased $350 million, or 5%, to $8.1 billion in 2022, compared with $7.8 billion in 2021. this reflects increases of 8% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease of 5% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
mercer's revenue increased $91 million, or 2%, to $5.3 billion in 2022, compared to the prior year. this reflects increases of 6% on an underlying basis and 1% from dispositions, offset by a decrease of 5% from the impact of foreign currency translation. on an underlying basis, revenue for career and health increased 14%, and 9%, respectively, while underlying revenue for wealth remained flat.
the increase in underlying revenue at mercer in 2022 was primarily due to continued strong demand for our advice and services and the expansion of the global economy. the increase in career products and services was due to continued demand for solutions linked to new ways of working, skill gaps, workforce transformation and diversity & inclusion issues. health continued to benefit from growth in new business, higher retention, increased enrolled lives from a strong labor market, and medical inflation. underlying revenue in wealth grew in retirement solutions in 2022, offset by a decrease in investment management fees from the decline in assets under management due to market volatility on investments.
results in 2022 also include a net gain of $112 million from the sale of the mercer u.s. affinity business.
oliver wyman group's revenue increased $259 million, or 10%, to $2.8 billion in 2022, compared with $2.5 billion in 2021, reflecting increases of 13% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, offset by a decrease of 4% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
the increase in underlying revenue at oliver wyman in 2022 was primarily due to increased demand for project-based services across all industries. results in 2022, also include a charge of $12 million related to the loss on deconsolidation of the company's russian businesses.
the consulting segment completed 4 acquisitions in 2022. information regarding these acquisitions is included in note 5, acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
operating expenses consulting expenses increased $301 million, or 5%, to $6.6 billion in 2022, compared to $6.3 billion in 2021. this reflects an increase of 9% on an underlying basis, partially offset by a decrease of 5% from the impact of foreign currency translation.
the increase in underlying expenses in the consulting segment in 2022 is primarily due to increased headcount and higher incentive compensation, as well as severance and lease exit charges. in 2022, the company incurred $77 million for restructuring costs in consulting, of which $53 million related to the company's activities focused on workforce actions, rationalization of technology and functional services, and reductions in real estate.
expenses also reflect higher travel and entertainment costs compared to the prior year. results in 2021 also included a $69 million reduction in the liability for a legacy jlt e&o, including recoveries under indemnities and insurance, recorded in other expenses.
corporate and other corporate expenses increased $90 million, or 33% to $362 million in 2022, compared with $272 million in 2021. this reflects an increase of 34% on an underlying basis, offset by a decrease of 1% from the impact of foreign currency translation. the increase in underlying expenses is primarily related to $62 million in lease exit charges for reductions in real estate.
the caption "investment income (loss)" in the consolidated statements of income comprises realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments. it includes, when applicable, other than temporary declines in the value of securities, mark-to-market increases or decreases in equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity method gains or losses on its investments in private equity funds. the company's investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting or other strategically linked companies and investments in private equity funds.
the company recorded net investment income of $21 million in 2022, compared to $61 million in 2021. net investment income in 2022 is driven primarily by lower mark-to-market gains from the company's private equity investments compared to the prior year.
the tax rates in both years reflect the impact of discrete tax matters such as excess tax benefits related to share-based compensation, enacted tax legislation, changes in uncertain tax positions, deferred tax adjustments, non-taxable adjustments related to contingent consideration for acquisitions, and valuation allowances for certain tax credits. the rates in both years also reflect tax benefits from planning that postponed the utilization of current year losses in the u.k. to a future year when the tax rate will be 25%.
the excess tax benefit related to share-based payments is the most significant discrete item in 2022, reducing the effective tax rate by 0.7%. the reduction in 2021 was also 0.7%.
the effective tax rate for 2021 reflects a net charge of $100 million related to the re-measuring of the company's u.k. deferred tax assets and liabilities upon enactment of legislation on june 10, 2021, increasing the u.k. corporate income tax rate from 19% to 25%, effective april 1, 2023. the re-measurement of the company's u.k. deferred tax assets and liabilities was the most significant discrete item in the prior year, increasing the company's effective tax rate by 2.6% in 2021.
the effective tax rate in 2021 also decreased 1.5% due to the company not recording a tax on the gain from the fair value re-measurement of the company's previously-held equity method investment in marsh india when the company increased its ownership interest from 49% to 92%. the company does not intend to dispose the business and has indefinitely reinvested this gain.
the effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period. the effective tax rate is sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings and the cost to repatriate the company's earnings, which may result in higher or lower effective tax rates. therefore, a shift in the mix of profits among jurisdictions, or changes in the company's repatriation strategy to access offshore cash, can affect the effective tax rate. in 2022, pre-tax income in the u.k., barbados, canada, ireland, bermuda, australia, japan, india, and germany accounted for approximately 65% of the company's total non-u.s. pre-tax income, with effective rates in those countries of 17.8%, 1.2%, 26.8%, 11.9%, 3.7%, 29.3%, 32.8%, 24.9%, and 32.6%, respectively.
in addition, losses in certain jurisdictions cannot be offset by earnings from other operations and may require valuation allowances that affect the rate in a particular period, depending on estimates of the value of associated deferred tax assets which can be realized. a valuation allowance was recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that the company believes is more likely than not to be realized. details are provided in note 7, income taxes, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. the effective tax rate is also sensitive to changes in unrecognized tax benefits, including the impact of settled tax audits and expired statutes of limitations.
changes in tax laws, rulings, policies or related legal and regulatory interpretations occur frequently and may also have significant favorable or adverse impacts on our effective tax rate.
on august 16, 2022, the inflation reduction act of 2022 ("ira") was enacted into law. the company evaluated the provisions of the new legislation, the most significant of which are the corporate alternative minimum tax and the share repurchase tax. the ira is effective as of january 1, 2023, and will not have a significant impact on the company's financial results of operations.
as a u.s.-domiciled parent holding company, the company is the issuer of essentially all of the company's external indebtedness, and incurs the related interest expense in the u.s. the company's interest expense deductions are not currently limited. further, most senior executive and oversight functions are conducted in the u.s. and the associated costs are incurred primarily in the u.s. some of these expenses may not be deductible in the u.s., which may impact the effective tax rate.
changes to the u.s. tax law in recent years have allowed the company to repatriate foreign earnings without incurring additional u.s. federal income tax costs as foreign income is generally already taxed in the u.s. however, permanent reinvestment continues to be a component of the company's global capital strategy. the company continues to evaluate its global investment and repatriation strategy in light of our capital requirements and potential costs of repatriation, which are generally limited to local country withholding taxes.
the coronavirus aid, relief and economic security act (the "cares act") was signed into law on march 27, 2020. the cares act provided over $2 trillion in economic relief to individuals, governmental agencies and companies, to deal with the public health and economic impacts of covid-19. pursuant to the cares act, the company deferred payroll taxes due from march 27, 2020 through december 31, 2020, and paid 50% in 2021 and 2022, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources the company is organized as a legal entity separate and distinct from its operating subsidiaries. as the company does not have significant operations of its own, the company is dependent upon dividends and other payments from its operating subsidiaries to pay principal and interest on its outstanding debt obligations, pay dividends to stockholders, repurchase its shares and pay corporate expenses. the company can also provide financial support to its operating subsidiaries for acquisitions, investments and certain parts of their business that require liquidity, such as the capital markets business of guy carpenter. other sources of liquidity include borrowing facilities in financing cash flows.
the company derives a significant portion of its revenue and operating profit from operating subsidiaries located outside of the u.s. funds from those operating subsidiaries are regularly repatriated to the u.s. out of annual earnings. at december 31, 2022, the company had approximately $921 million of cash and cash equivalents in its foreign operations, which includes $325 million of operating funds required to be maintained for regulatory requirements or as collateral under certain captive insurance arrangements. the company expects to continue its practice of repatriating available funds from its non-u.s. operating subsidiaries out of current annual earnings. where appropriate, a portion of the current year earnings will continue to be permanently reinvested.
in 2022, the company recorded foreign currency translation adjustments which decreased net equity by $1 billion. continued strengthening of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies would further decrease the translated u.s. dollar value of the company's net investments in its non-u.s. subsidiaries, as well as the translated u.s. dollar value of cash repatriations from those subsidiaries.
cash and cash equivalents on our consolidated balance sheets includes funds available for general corporate purposes. funds held on behalf of clients in a fiduciary capacity are segregated and shown separately in the consolidated balance sheets as an offset to fiduciary liabilities. fiduciary funds cannot be used for general corporate purposes, and should not be considered as a source of liquidity for the company.
operating cash flows the company provided $3.5 billion of cash from operations in both 2022 and 2021. these amounts reflect the net income of the company during those periods, excluding gains or losses from investments, adjusted for non-cash charges and changes in working capital which relate primarily to the timing of payments of accrued liabilities, including incentive compensation, or receipts of receivables and pension contributions. the company used cash of $193 million related to its restructuring activities in 2022, compared to $178 million in 2021.
pension related items contributions in 2022, the company contributed $30 million to its u.s. defined benefit pension plans and $139 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans. in 2021, the company contributed $35 million to its u.s. defined benefit pension plans and $95 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans.
in the u.s., contributions to the tax-qualified defined benefit plans are based on employee retirement income security act ("erisa") guidelines and the company generally expects to maintain a funded status of 80% or more of the liability determined in accordance with the erisa guidelines. in 2022, the company made contributions of $30 million to its non-qualified plans and expects to contribute approximately $31 million in 2023. the company was not required to and made no contributions to its u.s. qualified plans in 2022, and is not required to make any contributions in 2023.
outside the u.s., the company has a large number of non-u.s. defined benefit pension plans, the largest of which are in the u.k., which comprise approximately 79% of non-u.s. plan assets at december 31, 2022. contribution rates for non-u.s. plans are generally based on local funding practices and statutory requirements, which may differ significantly from measurements in accordance with u.s. gaap.
in the u.k., the assumptions used to determine pension contributions are the result of legally-prescribed negotiations between the company and the plans' trustee that typically occur every 3 years in conjunction with the actuarial valuation of the plans. currently, this results in a lower funded status compared to u.s. gaap and may result in contributions irrespective of the u.s. gaap funded status.
in 2021, the jlt pension scheme was merged into the mmc u.k. pension fund with a new segregated jlt section created. the company made deficit contributions of $103 million to the jlt section in 2022, and is expected to make contributions totaling approximately $39 million in 2023.
for the mmc u.k. pension fund, excluding the jlt section, an agreement was reached with the trustee in the fourth quarter of 2022, based on the surplus funding position at december 31, 2021. in accordance with the agreement, no deficit funding is required until 2026. the funding level will be re-assessed during 2025 as part of the december 31, 2024 actuarial valuation to determine if contributions are required in 2026. as part of a long-term strategy which depends on having greater influence over asset allocation and overall investment decisions, in december 2022, the company renewed its agreement to support annual deficit contributions by the u.k. operating companies under certain circumstances, up to £450 million (or $541 million) over a 7-year period.
the company expects to contribute approximately $76 million to its non-u.s. defined benefit plans in 2023, comprising approximately $41 million to the u.k. plans and $35 million to plans outside of the u.k.
changes in funded status and expense the year-over-year change in the funded status of the company's pension plans is impacted by the difference between actual and assumed results, particularly with regard to return on assets, and changes in the discount rate, as well as the amount of company contributions, if any. unrecognized actuarial losses as of december 31, 2022 were approximately $1.4 billion and $2.6 billion for the u.s. plans and non-u.s. plans, respectively, compared with losses of $1.8 billion and $2.9 billion as of december 31, 2021. the decreases in both the u.s. and non-u.s. plans were primarily due to an increase in the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities and the impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by a decrease in asset values. in the past several years, the amount of unamortized losses has been significantly impacted, both positively and negatively, by actual asset performance and changes in discount rates. the discount rate used to measure plan liabilities in 2022 increased in the u.s. and u.k., the company's largest plans, following an increase in 2021 and a decrease in 2020. an increase in the discount rate decreases the measured plan benefit obligation, resulting in actuarial gains, while a decrease in the discount rate increases the measured plan obligation, resulting in actuarial losses. in 2022, the company's defined benefit pension plan assets had losses of 18.3% and 29.2% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively, as compared to gains of 13.2% and 1.9% in the u.s. and u.k., respectively, in 2021.
overall, based on the measurement at december 31, 2022, net benefit credits related to the company's defined benefit plans are expected to decrease in 2023 by approximately $12 million compared to 2022, reflecting a decrease in the u.s. plans of $40 million, offset by an increase in non-u.s. plans of approximately $28 million.
the company's accounting policies for its defined benefit pension plans, including the selection of and sensitivity to assumptions, are discussed in management's discussion of critical accounting policies. for additional information regarding the company's retirement plans, refer to note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, and note 8, retirement benefits, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
credit facilities the company has a multi-currency unsecured $2.8 billion five-year revolving credit facility (the "credit facility"), entered into in april 2021. the interest rate on the credit facility is based on libor plus a fixed margin which varies with the company's credit ratings. the credit facility expires in april 2026 and requires the company to maintain certain coverage and leverage ratios which are tested quarterly. the credit facility includes provisions for determining a libor successor rate in the event libor reference rates are no longer available or in certain other circumstances which are determined to make using an alternative rate desirable. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, the company had no borrowings under this facility.
in may 2022, the company secured a $250 million uncommitted revolving credit facility. the facility expires in may 2023, and has similar coverage and leverage ratios as the credit facility. the company had no borrowings outstanding under this facility at december 31, 2022.
the company also maintains other credit facilities, guarantees and letters of credit with various banks aggregating $514 million at december 31, 2022, and $508 million at december 31, 2021. there were no outstanding borrowings under these facilities as of december 31, 2022 or as of december 31, 2021.
debt in october 2022, the company issued $500 million of 5.75% senior notes due 2032 and $500 million of 6.25% senior notes due 2052. the company used the net proceeds from these issuances for general corporate purposes, and repaid $350 million of 3.30% senior notes in november 2022, with an original maturity date of march 2023.
in december 2021, the company issued $400 million of 2.375% senior notes due 2031 and $350 million of 2.90% senior notes due 2051. the company used the net proceeds from these issuances for general corporate purposes, and repaid $500 million of 2.75% senior notes with an original maturity date of january 2022, in december 2021.
on april 15, 2021, the company repaid $500 million of senior notes maturing in july 2021.
the company's senior debt is currently rated a- by standard & poor's ("s&p"), baa1 by moody's and a- by fitch. the company's short-term debt is currently rated a-2 by s&p, p-2 by moody's and f2 by fitch. the company carries a positive outlook with moody's and a stable outlook with s&p and fitch.
share repurchases on march 23, 2022, the board of directors of the company authorized an additional $5 billion in share repurchases. this is in addition to the company's existing share repurchase program, which had approximately $1.3 billion of remaining authorization as of december 31, 2021.
in 2022, the company repurchased 12.2 million shares of its common stock for $1.9 billion. as of december 31, 2022, the company remained authorized to repurchase up to approximately $4.3 billion in shares of its common stock. there is no time limit on this authorization. in 2021, the company repurchased 7.9 million shares of its common stock for $1.2 billion.
dividends the company paid dividends on its common stock shares of $1.1 billion ($2.25 per share) in 2022 and $1.0 billion ($2.00 per share) in 2021.
contingent payments related to acquisitions the classification of contingent consideration in the consolidated statements of cash flows is dependent upon whether the receipt or payment was part of the initial liability established on the acquisition date (financing) or an adjustment to the acquisition date liability (operating).
the following amounts are included in the consolidated statements of cash flows as operating and financing activities:
operating:
receipt of contingent consideration for dispositions                       -                                  19                           -
acquisition/disposition related net charges for adjustments                49                                 57                          26
adjustments and payments related to contingent consideration               $11                               $27                       $(22)
payments of deferred and contingent consideration for acquisitions         $(158)                         $(117)                      $(122)
receipt of contingent consideration for dispositions                       $3                                $71                          $-
for acquisitions completed in 2022, and in prior years, remaining estimated future contingent payments of $377 million and deferred consideration payments of $142 million, are recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities or other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2022.
derivatives - net investment hedge the company has investments in various subsidiaries with euro functional currencies. as a result, the company is exposed to the risk of fluctuations between the euro and u.s. dollar exchange rates. as part of its risk management program, the company issued €1.1 billion senior notes, and designated the debt instruments as a net investment hedge of its euro denominated subsidiaries. the hedge is re-assessed each quarter to confirm that the designated equity balance at the beginning of each period continues to equal or exceed 80% of the outstanding balance of the euro debt instrument and that all the critical terms of the hedging instrument and the hedged net investment continue to match. if the hedge is highly effective, the change in the debt balance related to foreign exchange fluctuations is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the consolidated balance sheets.
the u.s. dollar value of the euro notes decreased by $82 million in 2022 related to the change in foreign exchange rates. the company concluded that the hedge was highly effective and recorded a gain as a decrease to accumulated other comprehensive loss for the year ended december 31, 2022.
fiduciary liabilities since cash and cash equivalents held in a fiduciary capacity are not available for corporate use, they are shown in the consolidated balance sheets as an offset to fiduciary liabilities. financing cash flows reflect an increase of $1.7 billion and $1.2 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to fiduciary liabilities.
the company paid $572 million and $859 million, net of cash, cash equivalents and cash and cash equivalents held in a fiduciary capacity acquired, for acquisitions it made in 2022 and 2021, respectively, including the company's increased ownership interest in marsh india from 49% to 92% in december 2021.
in 2022, the company sold certain business, primarily mercer's u.s. affinity business, for cash proceeds of approximately $155 million, partially offset by $36 million primarily related to cash and cash equivalents held in a fiduciary capacity in the disposed businesses. in 2021, the company sold certain of its businesses, primarily in the u.s. and u.k., for cash proceeds of approximately $84 million.
in the third quarter of 2022, the company sold the remaining investment in the common stock of alexander forbes ("af"), for cash proceeds of approximately $62 million.
the company's additions to fixed assets and capitalized software, which amounted to $470 million in 2022 and $406 million in 2021, primarily related to computer equipment purchases, the refurbishing and modernizing of office facilities, and software development costs.
the company has commitments for potential future investments of approximately $160 million in private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies, including a $100 million commitment to invest in a private equity fund entered into on april 1, 2022.
commitments and obligations the following sets forth the company's future contractual obligations by type as of december 31, 2022:
years                    years                     years current portion of long-term debt              $268                       $268                          $-                       $-                       $-
net operating leases                          2,228                        362                         615                      500                      751
service agreements                              509                        256                         194                       59                        -
(a) primarily reflects future payments of deferred and contingent purchase consideration.
the table does not include the liability for unrecognized tax benefits of $97 million as the company is unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement of these liabilities, other than approximately $32 million that may become payable within one year. the table also does not include the remaining transitional tax payments related to the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") of $62 million, which will be paid in installments beginning in 2023 through 2026.
management's discussion of critical accounting policies and estimates management makes estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. management considers the following policies to be critical to understanding the company's financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment, and requires management to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may differ from those estimates.
revenue recognition in the risk and insurance services segment, judgments related to the amount of variable revenue consideration to ultimately be received on placement of quota share reinsurance treaties and contingent commission from insurers, which was previously recognized when the contingency was resolved, now requires significant judgments and estimates.
management also makes significant judgments and estimates to measure the progress toward completing performance obligations and realization rates for consideration related to contracts as well as potential performance-based fees in the consulting segment.
the company capitalizes the incremental costs to obtain contracts primarily related to commissions or sales bonus payments. these deferred costs are amortized over the expected life of the underlying customer relationships. the company also capitalizes certain pre-placement costs that are considered fulfillment costs that are amortized at a point in time when the associated revenue is recognized.
refer to note 2, revenue, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
legal and other loss contingencies the company and its subsidiaries are subject to numerous claims, lawsuits and proceedings including claims for e&o. the company records a liability when a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable which requires significant management judgment. the company utilizes case level reviews by inside and outside counsel, an internal actuarial analysis by oliver wyman, a subsidiary of the company, and other methods to estimate potential losses. the liability is reviewed quarterly and adjusted based on claims developments. in many cases, the company has not recorded a liability, other than for legal fees to defend the claim, because the company is unable, at present time, to make a determination that a loss is both probable and reasonably estimable. given the unpredictability of e&o claims and of litigation that could arise from such claims, it is possible that an adverse outcome in a particular matter could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows in a given quarterly or annual period.
in addition, to the extent that insurance coverage is available, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of recoveries that are probable of collection under the company's various insurance programs.
retirement benefits the company maintains qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension and defined contribution plans for its eligible u.s. employees and a variety of defined benefit and defined contribution plans for its eligible non-u.s. employees. the company's policy for funding its tax-qualified defined benefit retirement plans is to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the funding requirements set forth in u.s. and applicable foreign laws.
the company recognizes the funded status of its over-funded defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans as a net benefit plan asset and its unfunded and underfunded plans as a net benefit plan liability. the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that have not been recognized as components of net benefit (credit) costs are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"), net of tax, in the company's consolidated balance sheets. the gains and losses that exceed specified corridors, 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets, are amortized prospectively out of aoci over a period that approximates the remaining life expectancy of participants in plans where substantially all participants are inactive or the average remaining service period of active participants for plans with active participants. the vast majority of unrecognized losses relate to inactive plans and are amortized over the remaining life expectancy of the participants.
the determination of net periodic benefit (credit) cost is based on a number of assumptions, including an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate, mortality and assumed rate of salary increase. the assumptions used in the calculation of net periodic pension costs and pension liabilities are disclosed in note 8, retirement benefits, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption is determined for each plan based on the facts and circumstances that exist as of the measurement date, and the specific portfolio mix of each plan's assets. the company utilizes a model developed by mercer, a subsidiary of the company, to assist in the determination of this assumption. the model takes into account several factors, including: target portfolio allocation, investment, administrative and trading expenses incurred directly by the plan trust, historical portfolio performance, relevant forward-looking economic analysis, and expected returns, variances and correlations for different asset classes. these measures are used to determine probabilities using standard statistical techniques to calculate a range of expected returns on the portfolio.
the target asset allocation for the u.s. plans is 50% equities and equity alternatives and 50% fixed income. at the end of 2022, the actual allocation for the u.s. plans was 61% equities and equity alternatives and 39% fixed income. the target asset allocation for the u.k. plans, which comprise approximately 79% of non-u.s. plan assets, is 14% equities and equity alternatives and 86% fixed income. at the end of 2022, the actual allocation for the u.k. plans was 16% equities and equity alternatives and 84% fixed income.
the following table shows the weighted average assumed rate of return and the discount rate at the december 31, 2022 measurement date used to measure pension expense in 2023 for the total company, the u.s. and the rest of world ("row").
total company                 u.s.                  row assumed rate of return on plan assets               5.31      %             6.49   %             4.74   %
holding all other assumptions constant, a 0.5 percentage point change in the rate of return on plan assets and discount rate assumptions would affect net periodic pension cost for the u.s. and u.k. plans, which together comprise approximately 85% of total pension plan liabilities, as follows:
assumed rate of return on plan assets        $(24)                     $(45)           $24                   $45
the impact of discount rate changes relates to the increase or decrease in actuarial gains or losses being amortized through net periodic pension cost, as well as the increase or decrease in interest expense, with all other facts and assumptions held constant. it does not contemplate nor include potential future impacts a change in the interest rate environment and discount rates might cause, such as the impact on the market value of the plans' assets. in addition, the assumed return on plan assets would likely be impacted by changes in the interest rate environment and other factors, including equity valuations, since these factors reflect the starting point used in the company's projection models. for example, a reduction in interest rates may result in a reduction in the assumed return on plan assets. changing the discount rate and leaving the other assumptions constant, may also not be representative of the impact on expense, because the long-term rates of inflation and salary increases are often correlated with the discount rate. changes in these assumptions will not necessarily have a linear impact on the net periodic pension cost.
the company contributes to certain health care and life insurance benefits provided to its retired employees. the cost of these post-retirement benefits for employees in the u.s. is accrued during the period up to the date employees are eligible to retire but is funded by the company as incurred. the key assumptions and sensitivity to changes in the assumed health care cost trend rate are discussed in note 8, retirement benefits, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes significant judgment is required in determining the annual effective tax rate and in evaluating uncertain tax positions. the company reports a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the evaluation of a tax position is a two-step process:
•first, the company determines whether it is more-likely-than-not a tax position will be sustained upon tax examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation, based on only the technical merits of the position. if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the benefit of that position is not recognized in the financial statements.
•the second step is measurement. a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate resolution with a taxing authority. uncertain tax positions are evaluated based upon the facts and circumstances that exist at each reporting period and involve significant management judgment. subsequent changes in judgment based upon new information may lead to changes in recognition, de-recognition, and measurement. adjustments may result, for example, upon resolution of an issue with the taxing authorities, or expiration of a statute of limitations barring an assessment for an issue.
the company recognizes interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. the company's accounting policy follows the portfolio approach that leaves stranded income tax effects in accumulated other comprehensive income.
certain items are included in the company's tax returns at different times than the items are reflected in the financial statements. as a result, the annual tax expense reflected in the consolidated statements of income is different than that reported in the tax returns. some of these differences are permanent, such as non-deductible expenses, and some differences are temporary and reverse over time, such as depreciation expense. temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are measured at existing tax rates. deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which a deduction has been taken already in the tax return but the expense has not yet been recognized in the financial statements. deferred tax assets generally represent items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in tax returns in future years for which a benefit has already been recorded in the financial statements. the company evaluates all significant available positive and negative evidence, including the existence of losses in recent years and its forecast of future taxable income by jurisdiction, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets. the company also considers tax planning strategies that would result in realization of deferred tax assets, and the presence of taxable income in prior period tax filings in jurisdictions that allow for the carry back of tax attributes pursuant to the applicable tax law. the underlying assumptions the company uses in forecasting future taxable income require significant judgment and take into account the company's recent performance. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences or carry-forwards are deductible or creditable. valuation allowances are established for deferred tax assets when it is estimated that it is more-likely-than-not that future taxable income will be insufficient to fully use a deduction or credit in that jurisdiction.
fair value determinations goodwill impairment testing - the company is required to assess goodwill and any indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. the company performs the annual impairment assessment for each of its reporting units during the third quarter of each year. a company can assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. alternatively, the company may elect to proceed directly to the quantitative goodwill impairment test. in 2022, the company elected to perform a qualitative impairment assessment. as part of its assessment, the company considered numerous factors, including:
•that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeds its carrying value by a substantial margin based on its most recent quantitative assessment in 2019;
•whether significant acquisitions or dispositions occurred which might alter the fair value of its reporting units;
•macroeconomic conditions and their potential impact on reporting unit fair values;
•actual performance compared with budget and prior projections used in its estimation of reporting unit fair values;
•industry and market conditions; and
•the year-over-year change in the company's share price.
the company completed its qualitative assessment in the third quarter of 2022 and concluded that a quantitative goodwill impairment test was not required in 2022 and that goodwill was not impaired.
purchase price allocation assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including contingent consideration, as part of a business acquisition are generally recorded at their fair value at the date of acquisition. the excess of purchase price over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. determining fair value of identifiable assets, particularly intangibles, and liabilities acquired also requires management to make estimates, which are based on all available information and in some cases assumptions with respect to the timing and amount of future revenues and expenses associated with an asset. these estimates directly impact the amount of identified intangible assets recognized and the related amortization expense in future periods.
new accounting pronouncements note 1, summary of significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the company's significant accounting policies, including a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements and their impact or potential future impact on the company's financial results, if determinable, under the sub-heading "new accounting pronouncements."