●   provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders or tccc may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders.
provisions in our organizational documents and control by insiders or tccc may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders.
our organizational documents may limit changes in control. furthermore, as of february 16, 2023, mr. sacks and mr. schlosberg together may be deemed to beneficially own and/or exercise voting control over approximately 9.3% of our outstanding common stock. as of february 16, 2023, tccc owned approximately 19.5% of our common stock. tccc has also nominated one director to the company's board of directors. consequently, mr. sacks, mr. schlosberg and/or tccc could exercise significant control over matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, including electing directors, amending organizational documents and disapproving extraordinary transactions such as a takeover attempt, even though such actions may be favorable to the other common stockholders.
canarchy acquisition on february 17, 2022, we completed the canarchy transaction. the canarchy transaction facilitates our entry into the alcohol beverage sector and brings the cigar citytm family of brands including jai alai® ipa and florida mantm ipa, the oskar bluestm family of brands including dale's pale ale®, wild basintm hard seltzers, the deep ellumtm family of brands including dallas blonde® and deep ellumtm ipa, the perrin brewing companytm family of brands including black ale, the squatters® family of brands including hop rising® double ipa, and the wasatch® family of brands including apricot hefeweizen to our beverage portfolio. the canarchy transaction did not include canarchy's stand-alone restaurants. our organizational structure for our existing energy beverage business remains unchanged. canarchy is functioning independently, retaining its own organizational structure and team.
●   provisions in our organizational documents and/or control by insiders which may prevent changes in control even if such changes would be beneficial to other stockholders;