regulatory changes adopted by the sec or other regulators of our markets, and regulatory changes that our markets may adopt in fulfillment of their regulatory obligations, could materially affect our business operations. in recent years, there has been increased regulatory and governmental focus on issues affecting the securities markets, including market structure, technological oversight and fees for proprietary market data, connectivity and transactions. the sec, finra and the national securities exchanges have introduced several initiatives to ensure the oversight, integrity and resilience of markets. in december 2022, the sec proposed significant rule changes that, if adopted in their current form, would substantially alter how stocks are traded in the united states. while we and other market participants have the opportunity to submit comments on the proposal, and we will adjust our business model in accordance with any new sec regulations implemented, these changes regarding trading may negatively impact our business and revenue.
our organizational documents place restrictions on the voting rights of certain stockholders. the holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by the stockholders except that no person may exercise voting rights in respect of any shares in excess of 5% of the then outstanding shares of our common stock. any change to the 5% voting limitation would require sec approval.
our organizational documents contain provisions that may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control of us, such as a tender offer or takeover proposal that might result in a premium over the market price for our common stock. additionally, certain of these provisions make it more difficult to bring about a change in the composition of our board of directors, which could result in entrenchment of current management.
business segments in september 2022, we announced a new organizational structure which aligns our businesses more closely with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. the new corporate structure includes three business segments: market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime. all prior periods have been restated to conform to the current period presentation. see note 1, "organization and nature of operations," and note 19, "business segments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our reportable segments and geographic data, as well as how management allocates resources, assesses performance and manages these businesses as three separate segments. see "part i, item 1. business" for additional discussion on recent developments and highlights.
in september 2022, we announced a new organizational structure which aligns our businesses more closely with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. our four previous reportable segments, market services, corporate platforms, investment intelligence and market technology have been changed to align with our new corporate structure that includes three segments: market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime. under asc 350-20, "intangibles goodwill and other," when a company reorganizes its reporting structure, an impairment test must be performed both before and after the change, and goodwill must be reassigned to reporting units. accordingly, goodwill was reassigned based on relative fair value of each reporting unit.
we perform our goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level. for 2022, we performed the goodwill impairment test under our previous organizational structure: market services segment, the two businesses comprising the corporate platforms segment: listing services and corporate solutions, the investment intelligence segment, and the market technology segment, which represented our five reporting units. we also performed the test under our current organization structure, which includes three reporting units: market platforms segment, capital access platforms segment and anti-financial crime segment.