item 1a. risk factors.
the following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, can have a material adverse effect on our business or financial performance, which in turn can affect the price of our publicly traded securities. these are not the only risks we face. there may be other risks we are not currently aware of or that we currently deem not to be material but that may become material in the future.
business risks risks associated with the deadly conflict in ukraine the deadly conflict in ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty and certain of our operations in ukraine remain suspended. the conflict has resulted and could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems, reputational risk, heightened risks to employee safety, business disruptions (including labor shortages), significant volatility of the russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets and other corporate banking services, including working capital facilities, reduced availability and increased costs for transportation, energy, packaging and raw materials and other input costs, environmental, health and safety risks related to securing and maintaining facilities, additional sanctions, export controls and other legislation or regulations (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from russia). the ongoing conflict could result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets or result in additional impairment charges. we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will continue to affect our employees, operations, customers, consumers or business partners or our ability to achieve certain of our sustainability goals. the conflict has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect demand for our products and our global business.
reduction in future demand for our products would adversely affect our business.
demand for our products depends in part on our ability to innovate and anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including the types of products our consumers want and how they browse for, purchase and consume them. consumer preferences continuously evolve due to a variety of factors, including: changes in consumer demographics, consumption patterns and channel preferences (including continued increases in the e-commerce and online-to-offline channels); pricing; product quality; concerns or perceptions regarding packaging and its environmental impact (such as single-use and other plastic packaging); and concerns or perceptions regarding the nutrition profile and health effects of, or location of origin of, ingredients or substances in our products or packaging, including due to the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid). concerns with any of the foregoing could lead consumers to reduce or publicly boycott the purchase or consumption of our products. pandemics, epidemics or other disease outbreaks, such as covid-19, have also impacted and could continue to impact consumer preferences and demand for our products. consumer preferences are also influenced by perception of our brand image or the brand images of our products, the success of our advertising and marketing campaigns, our ability to engage with our consumers in the manner they prefer, including through the use of digital media or assets, and the perception of our use, the use of social media and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events. these and other factors have reduced in the past and could continue to reduce consumers' willingness to purchase certain of our products. any inability on our part to anticipate or react to changes in consumer preferences and trends, or make the right strategic investments to do so, including investments in data analytics to understand consumer trends, can lead to reduced demand for our products, lead to inventory write-offs or erode our competitive and financial position, thereby adversely affecting our business. in addition, our business operations, including our supply chain, are subject to disruption by natural disasters, pandemics, epidemics or other events beyond our control that could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products if our crisis management plans do not effectively mitigate these issues.
damage to our reputation or brand image can adversely affect our business.
maintaining a positive reputation globally is critical to selling our products. our reputation or brand image has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by a variety of factors, including: any failure by us or our business partners to maintain high ethical, business and environmental, social and governance practices, including with respect to human rights, child labor laws, diversity, equity and inclusion, workplace conditions and employee health and safety; any failure, or perception of a failure, to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals, including with respect to the nutrition profile of our products, diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, packaging, water use and our impact on the environment; any failure to address health or other concerns about our products, products we distribute (including alcoholic beverages), or particular ingredients in our products, including concerns regarding whether certain of our products contribute to obesity or an increase in public health costs; our research and development efforts; any product quality or safety issues, including the recall of any of our products; any failure to comply with laws and regulations; consumer perception of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, marketing programs, use of social media and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events; or any failure to effectively respond to negative or inaccurate comments about us on social media or otherwise regarding any of the foregoing. damage to our reputation or brand image has in the past and could in the future decrease demand for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business.
product recalls or other issues or concerns with respect to product quality and safety can adversely affect our business.
we have and could in the future recall products due to product quality or safety issues, including actual or alleged mislabeling, misbranding, spoilage, undeclared allergens, adulteration or contamination. joint ventures in which we have an interest have also recalled, and could in the future recall, products for the same or other reasons. product recalls have in the past and could in the future adversely affect our business by resulting in losses due to their cost, the destruction of product inventory or lost sales due to any unavailability of the product for a period of time. in addition, product quality or safety issues, whether as a result of failure to comply with food safety laws or otherwise, have in the past and could in the future also reduce consumer confidence and demand for our products, cause production and delivery disruptions, and result in increased costs (including payment of fines and/or judgments) and damage our reputation (or the reputation of joint ventures in which we have an interest), particularly as we or our joint ventures continue to expand into new categories, such as the distribution of alcoholic beverages, all of which can adversely affect our business. failure to maintain adequate oversight over product quality or safety can result in product recalls, litigation, government investigations or inquiries or civil or criminal proceedings, all of which may result in fines, penalties, damages or criminal liability. our business can also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in product quality, safety and integrity generally, even if such loss of confidence is unrelated to products in our portfolio.
any inability to compete effectively can adversely affect our business.
our products compete against products of international beverage and convenient food companies that, like us, operate in multiple geographies, as well as regional, local and private label and economy brand manufacturers and other competitors, including smaller companies developing and selling micro brands directly to consumers through e-commerce platforms or through retailers focused on locally sourced products. in many countries in which our products are sold, including the united states, the coca-cola company is our primary beverage competitor. our products compete primarily on the basis of brand recognition and loyalty, taste, price, value, quality, product variety, innovation, distribution, advertising, marketing and promotional activity, packaging, convenience, service and the ability to anticipate and effectively respond to consumer preferences and trends. our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to effectively promote or develop our existing products or introduce and effectively market new products, if we are unable to effectively adopt new technologies, including artificial intelligence and data analytics to develop new commercial insights and improve operating efficiencies, if we are unable to continuously strengthen and evolve our capabilities in digital marketing, if our competitors spend more aggressively than we do or if we are otherwise unable to effectively respond to supply disruptions, pricing pressure (including as a result of commodity inflation) or otherwise compete effectively, and we may be unable to grow or maintain sales or category share or we may need to increase capital, marketing or other expenditures.
failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce or effectively manage changes in our workforce can have an adverse effect on our business.
our business requires that we attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce. our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies and our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. our ability to do so has been and may continue to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, which has experienced and may continue to experience wage inflation, labor shortages, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of our workforce and a shift toward remote work. any unplanned turnover, sustained labor shortage or unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans to backfill current leadership positions, including the chief executive officer, or failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, including with key capabilities such as e-commerce and digital marketing and data analytic skills, can deplete our institutional knowledge base, erode our competitive advantage or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. in addition, failure to attract, retain and develop associates from underrepresented communities can damage our business results and our reputation. any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business.
water scarcity can adversely affect our business.
we and our business partners use water in the manufacturing of our products. water is also essential to the production of the raw materials needed in our manufacturing process. lack of available water of acceptable quality, actions by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors, customers and consumers on water scarcity and increasing pressure to conserve and replenish water in areas of scarcity and stress, including due to the effects of climate change, can lead to: supply chain disruption; adverse effects on our operations or the operations of our business partners; higher compliance costs; increased capital expenditures (including investments in the development of technologies to enhance water efficiency and reduce consumption); higher production costs, including less favorable pricing for water; the interruption or cessation of operations at, or relocation of, our facilities or the facilities of our business partners; failure to achieve our goals relating to water use; perception of our failure to act responsibly with respect to water use or to effectively respond to legal or regulatory requirements concerning water scarcity; or damage to our reputation, any of which can adversely affect our business.
changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer can adversely affect our business.
the retail landscape continues to evolve, including continued growth in e-commerce channels and hard discounters. our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop successful relationships with e-commerce retailers and hard discounters, while also maintaining relationships with our key customers operating in traditional retail channels (many of whom are also focused on increasing their e-commerce sales). our business can be adversely affected if e-commerce channels and hard discounters take significant additional market share away from traditional retailers or we fail to find ways to create increasingly better digital tools and capabilities for our retail customers to enable them to grow their businesses. in addition, our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to profitably expand our own direct-to-consumer e-commerce capabilities. the retail industry is also impacted by increased consolidation of ownership and purchasing power, particularly in north america, europe and latin america, resulting in large retailers or buying groups with increased purchasing power, impacting our ability to compete in these areas. consolidation also adversely impacts our smaller customers' ability to compete effectively, resulting in an inability on their part to pay for our products or reduced or canceled orders of our products. further, we must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key customers, including walmart, to compete effectively. any inability to resolve a significant dispute with any of our key customers, a change in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of any of our key customers, even if unrelated to us, a significant reduction in sales to any key customer, or the loss of any of our key customers can adversely affect our business.
disruption of our manufacturing operations or supply chain, including continued increased commodity, packaging, transportation, labor and other input costs, can adversely affect our business.
we have experienced and could continue to experience disruption in our manufacturing operations and supply chain. many of the raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are sourced from countries experiencing civil unrest, political instability or unfavorable economic conditions. some raw materials and supplies, including packaging materials, are available only from a limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers or that our contingency plans will be effective to mitigate disruptions that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials and other supplies that we use in the manufacture, production and distribution of our products or from operational or financial instability of our key suppliers. any sustained or significant disruption in the future to the manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials could increase our costs and interrupt product supply, which can adversely impact our business.
the raw materials and other supplies, including agricultural commodities, fuel and packaging materials, such as recycled pet, transportation, labor and other supply chain inputs that we use for the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are subject to price volatility and fluctuations in availability caused by many factors, including changes in supply and demand, supplier capacity constraints, inflation, weather conditions (including potential effects of climate change), fire, natural disasters, disease or pests (including the impact of greening disease on the citrus industry), agricultural uncertainty, health epidemics or pandemics or other contagious outbreaks (including covid-19), labor shortages or changes in availability of our or our business partners' workforce (including the lack of availability of truck drivers or as a result of covid-19), strikes or work stoppages (including by railway workers or other third parties involved in the manufacture, production and distribution of our products), governmental incentives and controls (including import/export restrictions, such as new or increased tariffs, sanctions, quotas or trade barriers), port congestions or delays, transport capacity constraints, cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, political uncertainties, acts of terrorism, governmental instability or currency exchange rates. many of our raw materials and supplies are purchased in the open market and the prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation. we experienced higher than anticipated commodity, packaging and transportation costs during 2022, which may continue. when input prices increase unexpectedly or significantly, we may be unwilling or unable to increase our product prices or unable to effectively hedge against price increases to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results.
political and social conditions can adversely affect our business.
political and social conditions in the markets in which our products are sold have been and could continue to be difficult to predict, resulting in adverse effects on our business. the results of elections, referendums or other political conditions (including government shutdowns or hostilities between countries) in these markets have in the past and could continue to impact how existing laws, regulations and government programs or policies are implemented or result in uncertainty as to how such laws, regulations, programs or policies may change, including with respect to tariffs, sanctions, environmental and climate change regulations, taxes, benefit programs, the movement of goods, services and people between countries, relationships between countries, customer or consumer perception of a particular country or its government and other matters, and has resulted in and could continue to result in exchange rate fluctuation, volatility in global stock markets and global economic uncertainty or adversely affect demand for our products, any of which can adversely affect our business. in addition, political and social conditions in certain cities throughout the u.s. as well as globally have resulted in demonstrations and protests, including in connection with political elections and civil rights and liberties. our operations or the operations of our business partners, including the distribution of our products and the ingredients or other raw materials used in the production of our products, may be disrupted if such events persist for a prolonged period of time, including due to actions taken by governmental authorities in affected cities and regions, which can adversely affect our business.
our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to grow in developing and emerging markets.
our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets, including mexico, the middle east, china, south africa, brazil and india. there can be no assurance that our products will be accepted or be successful in any particular developing or emerging market, due to competition, price, cultural differences, consumer preferences, method of distribution or otherwise. our business in these markets has been and could continue in the future to be impacted by economic, political and social conditions; acts of war, terrorist acts, and civil unrest, including demonstrations and protests; competition; tariffs, sanctions or other regulations restricting contact with certain countries in these markets; foreign ownership restrictions; nationalization of our assets or the assets of our business partners; government-mandated closure, or threatened closure, of our operations or the operations of our business partners; restrictions on the import or export of our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; highly inflationary economies; devaluation or fluctuation or demonetization of currency; regulations on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries, currency controls or other currency exchange restrictions, which result in significant cash balances in foreign countries, from time to time, or can significantly affect our ability to effectively manage our operations in certain of these markets and can result in the deconsolidation of such businesses; the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems; increased costs of doing business due to compliance with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations, including the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and the trade sanctions reform and export enhancement act; and adverse consequences, such as the assessment of fines or penalties, for any failure to comply with laws and regulations. our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to expand our business in developing and emerging markets, effectively operate, or manage the risks associated with operating, in these markets, or achieve the return on capital we expect from our investments in these markets.
changes in economic conditions can adversely impact our business.
many of the jurisdictions in which our products are sold have experienced and could continue to experience uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, such as high inflation and adverse changes in interest rates, tax laws or tax rates, which could result in recessions or economic slowdowns; volatile commodity markets; labor shortages; highly inflationary economies, devaluation, fluctuation or demonetization of currency; contraction in the availability of credit; austerity or stimulus measures; the effects of any default by or deterioration in the creditworthiness of the countries in which our products are sold; or a decrease in the fair value of pension or post-retirement assets that could increase future employee benefit costs and/or funding requirements of our pension or post-retirement plans. in addition, we cannot predict how current or future economic conditions will affect our business partners, including financial institutions with whom we do business, and any negative impact on any of the foregoing may also have an adverse impact on our business.
future cyber incidents and other disruptions to our information systems can adversely affect our business.
we depend on information systems and technology, including public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business, including communications within our company, interfacing with customers and consumers; ordering and managing inventory; managing and operating our facilities; protecting confidential information, including personal data we collect; maintaining accurate financial records and complying with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. our business has in the past and could in the future be negatively affected by system shutdowns, degraded systems performance, systems disruptions or security incidents. these disruptions or incidents may be caused by cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, network or power outages, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, the unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, natural disasters, fires or other catastrophic events. in addition, the increase in certain of our employees working remotely has resulted in increased demand on our information technology infrastructure, which can be subject to failure, disruption or unavailability, and increased vulnerability to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents. cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, the techniques used to gain access to information technology systems and data, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and becoming more sophisticated in nature and are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of expertise and motives. cyberattacks and cyber incidents may be difficult to detect for periods of time and take many forms including cyber extortion, denial of service, social engineering, introduction of viruses or malware (such as ransomware), exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware, software or other infrastructure, hacking, website defacement or theft of passwords and other credentials, unauthorized use of computing resources for digital currency mining and business email compromise. as with other global companies, we are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, including the types of attacks and incidents described above. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to continue building and maintaining our information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyberattacks or other cyber incidents, our business has been and can continue to be adversely affected, which has resulted in and can continue to result in some or all of the following: transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, inability to access our data or systems, lost revenues or other costs resulting from disruptions or shutdowns of offices, plants, warehouses, distribution centers or other facilities, intellectual property or other data loss, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our reputation or a negative impact on employee morale and the loss of current or potential customers. in addition, these risks also exist in acquired businesses, joint ventures or companies we invest in or partner with that use separate information systems or that have not yet been fully integrated into our information systems.
similar risks exist with respect to our business partners and third-party providers, including suppliers, software and cloud-based service providers, that we rely upon for aspects of our information technology support services and administrative functions, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and the systems managed, hosted, provided and/or used by such third parties and their vendors. for example, malicious actors have employed and could continue to employ the information technology supply chain to introduce malware through software updates or compromised supplier accounts or hardware. the need to coordinate with various third-party service providers, including with respect to timely notification and access to personnel and information concerning an incident, may complicate our efforts to address issues that arise. as a result, we are subject to the risk that the activities associated with our third-party service providers can adversely affect our business even if the attack or breach does not directly impact our systems or information.
although the cyber incidents and other systems disruptions that we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, such incidents or disruptions could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. while we devote significant resources to network security, disaster recovery, employee training and other measures to secure our information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of data, there are no guarantees that they will be adequate to safeguard against all cyber incidents, systems disruptions, system compromises or misuses of data. in addition, while we currently maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to address costs associated with certain aspects of cyber incidents and information systems failures, this insurance coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all losses or all types of claims that arise from an incident, or the damage to our reputation or brands that may result from an incident.
failure to successfully complete or manage strategic transactions can adversely affect our business.
we regularly review our portfolio of businesses and evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures, distribution agreements, divestitures, refranchisings and other strategic transactions. the success of these transactions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to realize the full extent of the expected returns, benefits, cost savings or synergies as a result of a transaction, within the anticipated time frame, or at all; and receipt of necessary consents, clearances and approvals. risks associated with strategic transactions include integrating manufacturing, distribution, sales, accounting, financial reporting and administrative support activities and information technology systems with our company or difficulties separating such personnel, activities and systems in connection with divestitures; operating through new business models or in new categories or territories; motivating, recruiting and retaining executives and key employees; conforming controls (including internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and data protection and cybersecurity) and policies (including with respect to environmental compliance, health and safety compliance and compliance with anti-bribery laws); retaining existing customers and consumers and attracting new customers and consumers; managing tax costs or inefficiencies; maintaining good relations with divested or refranchised businesses in our supply or sales chain; inability to offset loss of revenue associated with divested brands or businesses; managing the impact of business decisions or other actions or omissions of our joint venture partners that may have different interests than we do; and other unanticipated problems or liabilities, such as contingent liabilities and litigation. strategic transactions that are not successfully completed or managed effectively, or our failure to effectively manage the risks associated with such transactions, have in the past and could continue to result in adverse effects on our business.
our reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems can have an adverse effect on our business.
we rely on third-party service providers, including cloud data service providers, for certain areas of our business, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions. failure by these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory and other obligations to us, or our failure to adequately monitor their performance, has in the past and could continue to result in our inability to achieve the expected cost savings or efficiencies and result in additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. depending on the function involved, such errors can also lead to business disruption, systems performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our reputation or have a negative impact on employee morale, all of which can adversely affect our business.
in addition, we continue on our multi-year phased business transformation initiative to migrate certain of our systems, including our financial processing systems, to enterprise-wide systems solutions and have begun to roll out these systems in certain countries and divisions. we have experienced and could continue to experience systems outages and operating inefficiencies following these planned implementations. in addition, if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, our business could be adversely affected.
climate change or measures to address climate change can negatively affect our business or damage our reputation.
climate change may increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters and other extreme weather conditions (including rising temperatures and drought), which could pose physical risks to our facilities, impair our production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. climate change may also have a negative effect on agricultural production resulting in decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as potatoes, sugar cane, corn, wheat, rice, oats, oranges and other commodities. also, there is an increased focus in many jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies and sustainability, including single-use plastics. this increased focus may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements, such as potential carbon pricing programs or revised product labeling requirements or other regulatory measures, which could, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, continue to result in significant increased costs and require additional investments in facilities and equipment. as a result, the effects of climate change can negatively affect our business and operations. in addition, any failure to achieve or properly report on our goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment or perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond to regulatory requirements concerning climate change can lead to adverse publicity, which could result in reduced demand for our products, damage to our reputation or increase the risk of litigation. any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business.
strikes or work stoppages can cause our business to suffer.
many of our employees and employees of third parties that are involved in the manufacturing, production or distribution of our products are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and other employees may seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements. strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions have occurred and may occur in the future if we or the third parties that are involved in the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are unable to renew, or enter into new, collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms and can impair manufacturing and distribution of our products, interrupt product supply, lead to a loss of sales, increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy, all of which can adversely affect our business.
financial risks failure to realize benefits from our productivity initiatives can adversely affect our financial performance.
our future growth depends, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve efficiencies, including our multi-year phased implementation of shared business service organizational models. we continue to identify and implement productivity initiatives that we believe will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure, improve decision-making and operate more efficiently. some of these measures result in unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees, reduced morale and productivity, unexpected employee attrition, an inability to attract or retain key personnel and negative publicity. if we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives as planned or do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial performance.
a deterioration in our estimates and underlying assumptions regarding the future performance of our business can result in an impairment charge that can adversely affect our results of operations.
we conduct impairment tests on our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. in addition, amortizable intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating or macroeconomic environment. a deterioration in our underlying assumptions regarding the impact of competitive operating conditions, macroeconomic conditions, including the interest rate environment, or other factors used to estimate the future performance of any of our reporting units or assets, including any deterioration in the weighted-average cost of capital based on market data available at the time, have resulted and could in the future result in an impairment charge, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations.
fluctuations in exchange rates impact our financial performance.
because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, the financial statements of our subsidiaries outside the united states, where the functional currency is other than the u.s. dollar, are translated into u.s. dollars. given our global operations, we also pay for the ingredients, raw materials and commodities used in our business in numerous currencies. fluctuations in exchange rates, including as a result of inflation, central bank monetary policies, currency controls or other currency exchange restrictions have had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our financial performance.
our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets can be adversely affected by a downgrade or potential downgrade of our credit ratings.
rating agencies routinely evaluate us and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to shareholder distributions and our financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as the state of the economy and our industry. we expect to maintain tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global credit markets at favorable interest rates. any downgrade or announcement that we are under review for a potential downgrade of our credit ratings, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, can increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, result in a reduction in our liquidity, or impair our ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced historically (and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing), all of which can adversely affect our financial performance.
legal, tax and regulatory risks taxes aimed at our products can adversely affect our business or financial performance.
certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our products, particularly our beverages, as a result of ingredients contained in our products. these taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). similarly, some measures apply a single tax rate per ounce/liter on beverages containing over a certain amount of added sugar (or other sweetener), some apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar (or other sweetener) in the beverage and others apply a flat tax rate on beverages containing any amount of added sugar (or other sweetener). for example, italy enacted a flat tax on all beverages, including zero calorie beverages, effective january 1, 2023, at a rate of eur 10 cent (0.11 u.s. dollars) per liter. these tax measures, whatever their scope or form, have in the past and could continue to increase the cost of certain of our products, reduce overall consumption of our products or lead to negative publicity, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
limitations on the marketing or sale of our products can adversely affect our business and financial performance.
certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, limitations on the marketing or sale of our products as a result of ingredients or substances in our products. these limitations require that we highlight perceived concerns about a product, warn consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our products, restrict the age of consumers to whom products are marketed or sold or limit the location in which our products may be available. for example, brazil and canada enacted warning labeling requirements in 2022 to indicate whether a particular pre-packaged food or beverage product is considered to be high in sugar, sodium or saturated fat. certain jurisdictions have imposed or are considering imposing color-coded labeling requirements where colors such as red, yellow and green are used to indicate various levels of a particular ingredient, such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat, in products. the imposition or proposed imposition of additional limitations on the marketing or sale of our products has in the past and could continue to reduce overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity or leave consumers with the perception that our products do not meet their health and wellness needs, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
laws and regulations related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials can adversely affect our business and financial performance.
we rely on diverse packaging solutions to safely deliver products to our customers and consumers. certain of our products are sold in packaging designed to be recyclable, commercially compostable, biodegradable or reusable. however, not all packaging is recovered, whether due to lack of infrastructure or otherwise, and certain of our packaging is not currently recyclable, commercially compostable, biodegradable or reusable. packaging waste not properly disposed of that displays one or more of our brands has in the past resulted in and could continue to result in negative publicity, litigation, government action or reduced consumer demand for our products, adversely affecting our financial performance. many jurisdictions in which our products are sold have imposed or are considering imposing laws, regulations or policies intended to encourage the use of sustainable packaging, waste reduction or increased recycling rates or to restrict the sale of products utilizing certain packaging. these laws, regulations and policies vary in form and scope and include extended producer responsibility policies, plastic or packaging taxes, restrictions on certain products and materials, requirements for bottle caps to be tethered to bottles, restrictions or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics and packaging containing pfas, restrictions on labeling related to recyclability and requirements to charge deposit fees. for example, the european union, peru and certain states in the united states, among other jurisdictions, have imposed a minimum recycled content requirement for beverage bottle packaging and similar legislation is under consideration in other jurisdictions. these laws and regulations have in the past and could continue to increase the cost of our products, impact demand for our products, result in negative publicity and require us and our business partners, including our independent bottlers, to increase capital expenditures to invest in reducing the amount of virgin plastic or other materials used in our packaging, to develop alternative packaging or to revise product labeling, all of which can adversely affect our business and financial performance.
failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws can adversely affect our business.
we are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous jurisdictions regarding personal data protection and privacy laws. these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country or, within the united states, from state to state, and can create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. our efforts to comply with these laws and regulations, including the california consumer privacy act, which was significantly modified by the california privacy rights act, as well as new comprehensive privacy legislation passed in virginia, colorado, utah and connecticut, as well as the european union's general data protection regulation and china's personal information protection act, impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to continue to increase over time, particularly as additional jurisdictions continue to adopt similar regulations. failure to comply with these laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal data from unauthorized access, use or other processing, have in the past and could in the future result in litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, damage to our reputation, fines or penalties, all of which can adversely affect our business.
increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities can adversely affect our financial performance.
increases in income tax rates or other changes in tax laws, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, can adversely affect our financial performance. for example, economic and political conditions in countries where we are subject to taxes, including the united states, have in the past and could continue to result in significant changes in tax legislation or regulation. for example, numerous countries have agreed to a statement in support of the organization for economic co-operation and development model rules that propose a partial global profit reallocation and a global minimum tax rate of 15% and european union member states have recently agreed to implement the global minimum tax. there can be no assurance that other individual countries will adopt these changes, or that once adopted by any country, that these changes will not have adverse effects on our financial performance. this increasingly complex global tax environment has in the past and could continue to increase tax uncertainty, resulting in higher compliance costs and adverse effects on our financial performance. we are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by numerous taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes. economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, has made and could continue to make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation can differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse effect on our financial performance.
if we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if we are found to infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business can be adversely affected.
we possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business, including ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. the laws of various jurisdictions in which we operate have differing levels of protection of intellectual property. our competitive position and the value of our products and brands can be reduced and our business adversely affected if we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property, including our ingredient formulas, or if there is a change in law that limits or removes the current legal protections afforded our intellectual property. also, in the course of developing new products or improving the quality of existing products, we have in the past been alleged to have infringed, and could in the future infringe or be alleged to infringe, on the intellectual property rights of others. such infringement or allegations of infringement could result in expensive litigation and damages, damage to our reputation, disruption to our operations, injunctions against development, manufacturing, use and/or sale of certain products, inventory write-offs or other limitations on our ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing products, resulting in an adverse effect on our business.
failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business can adversely affect our business.
the conduct of our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the production, storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, content (including whether a product contains genetically engineered ingredients), quality, safety, transportation, traceability, sourcing (including pesticide use), packaging, disposal, recycling and use of our products or raw materials, employment and occupational health and safety, environmental, social and governance matters and reporting (including climate change) and data privacy and protection. in addition, in many jurisdictions, compliance with competition and antitrust laws is of special importance to us due to our competitive position, as is compliance with anti-corruption laws. the imposition of new laws, changes in laws or regulatory requirements or changing interpretations thereof, changes in the enforcement priorities of regulators, and differing or competing regulations and standards across the markets where our products or raw materials are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, have in the past and could continue to result in higher compliance costs, capital expenditures and higher production costs, or make it necessary for us to reformulate certain of our products, resulting in adverse effects on our business. for example, increasing governmental and societal attention to environmental, social and governance matters has resulted and could continue to result in new laws or regulatory requirements, including expanded disclosure requirements that are expected to continue to expand the nature, scope and complexity of matters on which we are required to report. in addition, the entry into new markets or categories, including our recent entry into the alcoholic beverage industry as a distributor, has resulted in and could continue to result in our business being subject to additional regulations resulting in higher compliance costs. if one jurisdiction imposes or proposes to impose new laws or regulations that impact the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products, other jurisdictions may follow. failure to comply with such laws or regulations (or allegations thereof) can subject us to criminal or civil investigations or enforcement actions, including voluntary and involuntary document requests, fines, injunctions, product recalls, penalties, disgorgement of profits or activity restrictions, all of which can adversely affect our business. in addition, the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid) purporting to assess the health implications of consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in certain of our products or packaging materials have resulted in and could continue to result in our being subject to new taxes and regulations or lawsuits that can adversely affect our business.
potential liabilities and costs from litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations can have an adverse impact on our business.
we and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations, including but not limited to matters related to our advertising, marketing or commercial practices, product labels, claims and ingredients, personal injury and property damage, intellectual property rights, privacy, employment, tax and insurance matters, environmental, social and governance matters and matters relating to our compliance with applicable laws and regulations. these matters are inherently uncertain and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters and the likely outcome or potential losses and established reserves will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such matters. responding to these matters, even those that are ultimately non-meritorious, requires us to incur significant expense and devote significant resources, and may generate adverse publicity that damages our reputation or brand image. any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
our business executive overview our operations other relationships                                                                  31
our business risks                                                                   31
our financial results results of operations - consolidated review                                          37
results of operations - division review                                              39
europe amesa apac non-gaap measures items affecting comparability                                                        46
our liquidity and capital resources                                                  49
material changes in line items in our consolidated financial statements              52
return on invested capital our critical accounting policies and estimates revenue recognition goodwill and other intangible assets income tax expense and accruals pension and retiree medical plans consolidated statement of income consolidated statement of comprehensive income consolidated statement of cash flows consolidated balance sheet consolidated statement of equity notes to the consolidated financial statements note 1 - basis of presentation and our divisions note 2 - our significant accounting policies                                         72
note 3 - restructuring and impairment charges                                        76
note 9 - financial instruments                                                       97
note 14 - supplemental financial information                                        108
report of independent registered public accounting firm                             110
our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. definitions of key terms can be found in the glossary. unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts. all per share amounts reflect common stock per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded amounts. percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts.
discussion in this form 10-k includes results of operations and financial condition for 2022 and 2021 and year-over-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. for discussion on results of operations and financial condition pertaining to 2020 and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020, please refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 25, 2021.
our business executive overview pepsico is a leading global beverage and convenient food company with a complementary portfolio of brands, including lay's, doritos, cheetos, gatorade, pepsi-cola, mountain dew, quaker and sodastream. through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods, serving customers and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories.
as a global company with deep local ties, we faced many of the same challenges in 2022 as our consumers, customers, and competitors across the world, including supply chain disruptions; inflationary pressures; shifting consumer preferences and behaviors; another year of the covid-19 pandemic; a worsening climate crisis; a highly competitive operating environment; a rapidly changing retail landscape, including the growth in e-commerce; continued macroeconomic and political volatility, including the deadly conflict in ukraine; and an evolving regulatory landscape.
to meet the challenges of today - and those of tomorrow - we are driven by an approach called pep+ (pepsico positive). pep+ is a strategic end-to-end transformation of our business, with sustainability and human capital at the center of how the company will strive to create growth and value by operating within planetary boundaries and inspiring positive change for the planet and people. pep+ guides how we are working to transform our business operations, from sourcing ingredients and making and selling products in a more sustainable way, to leveraging our more than one billion connections with consumers each day to take sustainability mainstream and engage people to make choices that are better for themselves and the planet.
pep+ drives action and progress across three key pillars, bringing together a number of industry-leading 2030 sustainability goals under a comprehensive framework:
positive agriculture: we are working to spread regenerative practices to restore the earth across seven million acres of land, an area approximately equal to our entire agricultural footprint, sustainably source key crops and ingredients, and improve the livelihoods of more people in our agricultural supply chain. in 2022, we elevated a number of external strategic partnerships and key engagements with this focus, including a partnership with archer daniels midland company (adm) to scale regenerative agriculture across our shared supply chains, up to 2 million acres; a research agreement with mit to develop a more precise measurement of the greenhouse gas impact of regenerative agriculture practices; a strategic engagement with corteva focused on agriculture sustainability, new substrates, and affordability in food corn and vegetable oils; and a joint effort with a start-up called n-drip to scale advantaged micro irrigation technology that can provide water-saving, crop-enhancing benefits to farmers around the world.
positive value chain: we are working to build a circular and inclusive value chain through actions to: achieve net-zero emissions by 2040; become net water positive by 2030; and introduce more sustainable packaging into the value chain. our packaging goals include cutting virgin plastic per serving, using more recycled content in our plastic packaging, and scaling our sodastream business globally, potentially eliminating the need for more than 200 billion plastic bottles by 2030. in 2022, we also announced a new global packaging goal intended to double the percentage of all beverage servings delivered through reusable models from 10% to 20% by 2030. additionally, we are making progress on our diversity, equity and inclusion journey around the world. and we continue to empower each one of our approximately 315,000 employees to make a positive impact in their communities through our global workforce volunteering program, one smile at a time.
positive choices: we continue working to evolve our portfolio of convenient food & beverage products so that they are better for the planet and people, including by incorporating more diverse ingredients in both new and existing products, prioritizing chickpeas, plant-based proteins and whole grains; expanding our position in the nuts & seeds category; accelerating our reduction of added sugars and sodium through the use of science-based targets across our portfolio; and offering more products with healthier oils. we are also continuing to scale new business models that require little or no single-use packaging, including the iconic sodastream, already sold in more than 45 countries, and the new sodastream professional platform, allowing users to personalize their choices in reusable containers at home or on the go.
we believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth.
see also "item 1a. risk factors" for further information about risks and uncertainties that the company faces.
our operations see "item 1. business" for information on our divisions and a description of our distribution network, ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers, competition, research and development, regulatory matters and human capital. in addition, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our divisions and geographic areas.
other relationships certain members of our board also serve on the boards of certain vendors and customers. these board members do not participate in our vendor selection and negotiations nor in our customer negotiations. our transactions with these vendors and customers are in the normal course of business and are consistent with terms negotiated with other vendors and customers. in addition, certain of our employees serve on the boards of pepsi bottling ventures llc and other affiliated companies of pepsico and do not receive incremental compensation for such services.
our business risks risks associated with commodities and our supply chain during 2022, we continued to experience significantly higher operating costs, including on transportation, labor and commodity (including energy) costs, which we expect to continue in 2023. many of the commodities used in the production and transportation of our products are purchased in the open market. the prices we pay for such items are subject to fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. a number of external factors, including the deadly conflict in ukraine, the covid-19 pandemic, the inflationary cost environment, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions
(including raw material shortages) and labor shortages, have impacted and may continue to impact transportation, labor and commodity availability and costs. when prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins and operating results.
see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices.
risks associated with climate change certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of climate change, including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and potential carbon pricing programs. these new or increased legal or regulatory requirements, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, could result in significant increased costs and additional investments in facilities and equipment. however, we are unable to predict the scope, nature and timing of any new or increased environmental laws and regulations and therefore cannot predict the ultimate impact of such laws and regulations on our business or financial results. we continue to monitor existing and proposed laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such laws or regulations.
risks associated with international operations we are subject to risks in the normal course of business that are inherent to international operations. during the periods presented in this report, certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in certain developing and emerging markets, operated in a challenging environment, experiencing unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, natural disasters, debt and credit issues and currency controls or fluctuations. we continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets closely, including risks of additional impairments or write-offs, and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
see notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of impairment charges recognized in the year ended december 31, 2022.
risks associated with the deadly conflict in ukraine in addition to the risks associated with international operations discussed above, we continue to face risks associated with the deadly conflict in ukraine. the conflict has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty, and certain of our operations in ukraine remain suspended. we have suspended sales to our customers of pepsi-cola and certain of our other global beverage brands, our discretionary capital investments and advertising and promotional activities in russia, which has negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact our business. we continue to offer our other products in russia. our operations in russia accounted for 5% and 4% of our consolidated net revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively. russia accounted for 4% and 5% of our consolidated assets, including 9% and 1% of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents, and 32% and 35% of our accumulated currency translation adjustment loss as of december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively. our operations in ukraine accounted for 0.2% and 0.5% of our consolidated net revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively. ukraine accounted for 0.1% and 0.3% of our consolidated assets as of december 31, 2022 and december 25, 2021, respectively.
the conflict has resulted and could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems, reputational risks, heightened risks to employee safety, business disruptions (including labor shortages), significant volatility of the russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets and other corporate banking services, including working capital facilities, reduced availability and increased costs for transportation, energy, packaging, raw materials and other input costs, environmental, health and safety risks related to securing and maintaining facilities, additional sanctions, export controls and other legislation or regulations (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from russia). the ongoing conflict could result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets or additional impairment charges. we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will continue to affect our employees, customers, operations or business partners or our ability to achieve certain of our sustainability goals. the conflict has adversely affected and could continue to adversely affect demand for our products and our global business. see notes 1 and 4 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the russia-ukraine conflict charges, including impairment charges, recognized in the year ended december 31, 2022.
the extent of the impact of these tragic events on our business remains uncertain and will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the conflict, regional instability and ongoing and additional financial and economic sanctions, export controls and other legislation imposed by governments. we will continue to monitor and assess the situation as circumstances evolve and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
imposition of taxes and regulations on our products certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes or regulations on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products or their packaging, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or their packaging, commodities used in the production of our products or their packaging or the recyclability or recoverability of our packaging. these taxes and regulations vary in scope and form. for example, some taxes apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). further, some regulations apply to all products using certain types of packaging (e.g., plastic), while others are designed to increase the sustainability of packaging, encourage waste reduction and increased recycling rates or facilitate the waste management process or restrict the sale of products in certain packaging.
we sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile of the products we sell, the amount of revenue attributable to such products and the type of packaging used vary by jurisdiction. because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes, regulations or other limitations on our products or their packaging may take, and therefore cannot predict the impact of such taxes, regulations or limitations on our financial results. in addition, taxes, regulations and limitations may impact us and our competitors differently. we continue to monitor existing and proposed taxes and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if any, of such taxes, regulations or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition, form and scope of any such taxes, regulations or limitations.
retail landscape our industry continues to be affected by disruption of the retail landscape, including the continued growth in sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including through subscription services, the integration of physical and digital operations among retailers and the international expansion of hard discounters. we have seen and expect to continue to see a further shift to e-commerce, online-to-
offline and other online purchasing by consumers, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. we continue to monitor changes in the retail landscape and seek to identify actions we may take to build our global e-commerce and digital capabilities, such as expanding our direct-to-consumer business, and distribute our products effectively through all existing and emerging channels of trade and potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
see also "item 1a. risk factors," "executive overview" above and "market risks" below for more information about these risks and the actions we have taken to address key challenges.
risk management framework the achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves risks, many of which evolve over time. to identify, assess, prioritize, address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the company's operations and foster a corporate culture of integrity and risk awareness, we leverage an integrated risk management framework. this framework includes the following:
pepsico's board has oversight responsibility for pepsico's integrated risk management framework. one of the board's primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with senior management with respect to key aspects of the company's business, including risk assessment and risk mitigation of the company's top risks. throughout the year, the board and relevant committees of the board receive updates from management with respect to various enterprise risk management issues and dedicate a portion of their meetings to reviewing and discussing specific risk topics in greater detail, including risks related to cybersecurity, food safety, sustainability, human capital management (including diversity, equity and inclusion) and supply chain and commodity inflation. the board receives and provides feedback on regular updates from management regarding the company's top risks, including updates from members of management responsible for overseeing impacted areas (for example, the global chief information officer and chief information security officer), governance processes associated with managing these risks, the status of projects to strengthen the company's risk mitigation efforts and recent incidents impacting the industry and threat landscape. given that cybersecurity risks can impact various areas of responsibility of the committees of the board, the board believes it is useful and effective for the full board to maintain direct oversight over cybersecurity matters. in evaluating top risks, the board and management consider short-, medium- and long-term potential impacts on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations, including looking at the internal and external environment when evaluating risks, risk amplifiers and emerging trends, and considers the risk horizon as part of prioritizing the company's risk mitigation efforts. the board receives updates through presentations, memos and other written materials, teleconferences and other appropriate means of communication, with numerous opportunities for discussion and feedback, and continuously evaluates its approach in addressing top risks as circumstances evolve. for example, as part of risk updates to the board and relevant committees during 2022, the board or its relevant committee were provided updates on the impact of disruptive events, such as the russia-ukraine conflict, covid-19 and supply chain disruption and commodity inflation. the board also receives periodic updates from external experts and advisers on global macroeconomic trends and conditions that may impact the company's strategy and financial performance, including geopolitical conflicts, economic instability, labor market trends, changing consumer behavior, retail disruption and digitalization.
the board has tasked designated committees of the board with oversight of certain categories of risk management, and the committees report to the board regularly on these matters.
the audit committee of the board reviews and assesses the guidelines and policies governing pepsico's risk management and oversight processes, and assists the board's oversight of financial, compliance and employee safety risks facing pepsico. the audit committee also assists the board's oversight of the company's compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and the chief compliance & ethics officer, who reports to the general counsel, meets regularly with the audit committee, including in executive session without management present;
the compensation committee of the board reviews pepsico's employee compensation policies and practices to assess whether such policies and practices could lead to unnecessary risk-taking behavior;
the nominating and corporate governance committee assists the board in its oversight of the company's governance structure and other corporate governance matters, including succession planning; and
the sustainability, diversity and public policy committee of the board assists the board in its oversight of pepsico's policies, programs and related risks that concern key sustainability (including climate change), diversity, equity and inclusion, and public policy matters.
the pepsico risk committee (prc) meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. the prc is also responsible for reporting progress on our risk mitigation efforts to the board. the prc is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically diverse, senior management group, including pepsico's chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer, chief financial officer, general counsel, sector chief executive officers and the heads of corporate affairs, human resources, research & development, information technology, sustainability, strategy, transformation, international beverages, commercial, global operations, marketing and financial planning & analysis;
division and key market risk committees, comprised of cross-functional senior management teams, meet regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address division and country-specific business risks;
pepsico's risk management office, which manages the overall risk management process, provides ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the prc and the division and key country risk committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between the parties, as well as with pepsico's board, the audit committee of the board and other committees of the board;
pepsico's internal audit department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal controls through periodic audit and review procedures; and
pepsico's compliance & ethics and law departments lead and coordinate our compliance policies and practices.
pepsico's disclosure committee, comprised of the general counsel, controller and heads of internal audit, financial planning & analysis and investor relations, evaluates information from pepsico's integrated risk management framework as part of the disclosure committee's monitoring of the integrity and effectiveness of the company's disclosure controls and procedures. pepsico's risk oversight processes and disclosure controls and procedures are designed to appropriately escalate key risks to the board as well as to analyze potential risks for disclosure.
market risks we are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in:
commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy;
foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and
in the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging. ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. our global purchasing programs include fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. see "item 1a. risk factors" for further discussion of our market risks.
the fair value of our derivatives fluctuates based on market rates and prices. the sensitivity of our derivatives to these market fluctuations is discussed below. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these derivatives and our hedging policies. the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets is impacted by changes in market conditions, including interest rates and inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions. see "our critical accounting policies and estimates" for a discussion of the exposure of our goodwill and other intangible assets and pension and retiree medical plan assets and liabilities to risks related to market fluctuations.
inflationary, deflationary and recessionary conditions impacting these market risks also impact the demand for and pricing of our products. see "item 1a. risk factors" for further discussion.
commodity prices our commodity derivatives had a total notional value of $1.8 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $1.6 billion as of december 25, 2021. at the end of 2022, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative instruments, assuming a 10% decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have decreased our net unrealized gains in 2022 by $176 million, which would generally be offset by a reduction in the cost of the underlying commodity purchases.
foreign exchange our operations outside of the united states generated 43% of our consolidated net revenue in 2022, with mexico, russia, canada, china, the united kingdom and south africa, collectively, comprising approximately 23% of our consolidated net revenue in 2022. as a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. additionally, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from net investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign currency purchases, foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. during 2022, unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net revenue growth by 3 percentage points, primarily due to declines in the turkish lira, euro, egyptian pound, british pound sterling and south african rand, partially offset by an appreciation of the russian ruble. currency declines against the u.s. dollar which are not offset could adversely impact our future financial results.
in addition, volatile economic, political and social conditions and civil unrest in certain markets in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in argentina, brazil, china, mexico, the middle east, russia, turkey and ukraine, and currency controls or fluctuations in certain of these international markets, continue to, and the threat or imposition of new or increased tariffs or sanctions or other impositions in or related to these international markets may, result in challenging operating environments.
our foreign currency derivatives had a total notional value of $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $2.8 billion as of december 25, 2021. at the end of 2022, we estimate that an unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have decreased our net unrealized gains in 2022 by $298 million, which would be significantly offset by an inverse change in the fair value of the underlying exposure.
the total notional amount of our debt instruments designated as net investment hedges was $2.9 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $2.1 billion as of december 25, 2021.
interest rates our interest rate derivatives had a total notional value of $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2022 and $2.1 billion as of december 25, 2021. assuming year-end 2022 investment levels and variable rate debt, a 1-percentage-point increase in interest rates would have decreased our net interest expense in 2022 by $48 million due to higher cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments levels, as compared with our variable rate debt.
our financial results results of operations - consolidated review volume physical or unit volume is one of the key metrics management uses internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual operating plan and the evaluation of our business performance. we believe volume provides additional information to facilitate the comparison of our historical operating performance and underlying trends, and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. beginning in 2022, unit volume growth adjusts for the impacts of acquisitions, divestitures and other structural changes. further, our fiscal 2022 results include an additional week (53rd reporting week). unit volume growth excludes the impact of the 53rd reporting week.
beverage volume includes volume of concentrate sold to independent bottlers and volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks and allied brand products and joint venture trademarks sold by company-owned bottling operations. beverage volume also includes volume of finished products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks sold by our noncontrolled affiliates. concentrate volume sold to independent bottlers is reported in concentrate shipments and equivalents (cse), whereas finished beverage product volume is reported in bottler case sales (bcs). both cse and bcs convert all beverage volume to an 8-ounce-case metric. typically, cse and bcs are not equal in any given period due to seasonality, timing of product launches, product mix, bottler inventory practices and other factors. while our net revenue is not entirely based on bcs volume due to the independent bottlers in our supply chain, we believe that bcs is a better measure of the consumption of our beverage products. pbna, latam, europe, amesa and apac, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, make, market, distribute and sell ready-to-drink tea products through a joint venture with unilever (under the lipton brand name), and pbna, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink coffee products through a joint venture with starbucks.
convenient food volume includes volume sold by us and our noncontrolled affiliates of convenient food products bearing company-owned or licensed trademarks. internationally, we measure convenient food product volume in kilograms, while in north america we measure convenient food product volume in pounds. flna makes, markets, distributes and sells sabra refrigerated dips and spreads through a joint venture with strauss group.
consolidated net revenue and operating profit
2022                                                      2021                  change net revenue               $86,392                  $79,474                      9    %
operating profit          $11,512                  $11,162                      3    %
operating margin             13.3   %                 14.0   %              (0.7)
see "results of operations - division review" for a tabular presentation and discussion of key drivers of net revenue.
operating profit grew 3% while operating margin declined 0.7 percentage points. operating profit growth was primarily driven by net revenue growth and productivity savings, partially offset by certain operating cost increases and a 42-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs. the loss of net revenue due to the juice transaction reduced operating profit growth by 3 percentage points and was partially offset by a 1-percentage-point contribution from the 53rd reporting week.
operating profit growth also reflects a 13-percentage-point unfavorable impact of impairment charges related to certain indefinite-lived intangible assets due to an increase in the weighted-average cost of capital as well as our most current estimates of future financial performance (other impairment charges), a 12-percentage-point unfavorable impact of the charges associated with the russia-ukraine conflict and a 6-percentage-point unfavorable impact of impairment on intangible assets, investment and property, plant and equipment and other charges as a result of management's decision to reposition or discontinue the sale/distribution of certain brands and to sell an investment (brand portfolio impairment charges). these impacts were partially offset by a 29-percentage-point contribution from the gain associated with the juice transaction.
the operating margin decline primarily reflects the unfavorable impacts of other impairment charges, the charges associated with the russia-ukraine conflict and the brand portfolio impairment charges, partially offset by the gain associated with the juice transaction.
juice transaction in the first quarter of 2022, we sold our tropicana, naked and other select juice brands to pai partners, while retaining a 39% noncontrolling interest in tbg, operating across north america and europe. these juice businesses delivered approximately $3 billion in net revenue in 2021. in the united states, pepsico acts as the exclusive distributor for tbg's portfolio of brands for small-format and foodservice customers with chilled dsd. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
2022                                                                                                     2021                    change other pension and retiree medical benefits income                         $132                       $522                   $(390)
other pension and retiree medical benefits income decreased $390 million, primarily due to higher settlement losses compared to the prior year.
net interest expense and other decreased $924 million, reflecting the prior-year charge of $842 million related to our cash tender offers, higher interest rates on average cash balances and lower average debt balances, partially offset by losses on the market value of investments used to economically hedge a portion of our deferred compensation liability and higher interest rates on debt.
the reported tax rate decreased 5.7 percentage points, primarily reflecting the impact of the juice transaction and adjustments to reserves for uncertain tax positions as a result of the internal revenue service (irs) audit.
results of operations - division review see "our business risks," "non-gaap measures" and "items affecting comparability" for a discussion of items to consider when evaluating our results and related information regarding measures not in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap).
in the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, "effective net pricing" reflects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries. additionally, "acquisitions and divestitures" reflect mergers and acquisitions activity, as well as divestitures and other structural changes, including changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees.
net revenue and organic revenue growth organic revenue growth is a non-gaap financial measure. for further information on this measure, see "non-gaap measures."
impact of                                                                                                                     impact of reported                 foreign exchange translation                acquisitions and divestitures                                   53rd reporting week                 organic % change, non-gaap measure(a)                   organic volume(b)                  effective net pricing
% change, gaap measure flna                          19         %                                -                                            -                                                      (2)                                              17              %                           -                                   17
(b)excludes the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and other structural changes and the 53rd reporting week. in certain instances, the impact of organic volume growth on net revenue growth differs from the unit volume growth disclosed in the following divisional discussions due to the impacts of product mix, nonconsolidated joint venture volume, and, for our franchise-owned beverage businesses, temporary timing differences between bcs and cse. we report net revenue from our franchise-owned beverage businesses based on cse. the volume sold by our nonconsolidated joint ventures has no direct impact on our net revenue.
operating profit/(loss), operating profit/(loss) adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit/(loss) performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis operating profit/(loss) adjusted for items affecting comparability and operating profit/(loss) performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis are both non-gaap financial measures. for further information on these measures, see "non-gaap measures" and "items affecting comparability."
operating profit/(loss) and operating profit/(loss) adjusted for items affecting comparability
reported, gaap measure(b)                 mark-to-market net impact                     restructuring and impairment charges                    acquisition and divestiture-related charges               gain associated with the juice transaction                                                                 impairment and other charges                 core, non-gaap measure(b)
reported, gaap measure(b)                 mark-to-market net impact                        restructuring and impairment charges                       acquisition and divestiture-related charges(c)                 core, non-gaap measure(b)
(b)includes charges taken as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(c)in 2021, income amount primarily relates to gains associated with the contingent consideration in connection with our acquisition of rockstar energy beverages (rockstar). this impact is partially offset by divestiture-related charges associated with the juice transaction. see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
operating profit/(loss) performance and operating profit/(loss) performance adjusted for items affecting comparability on a constant currency basis
impact of items affecting comparability(a)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 impact of reported % change, gaap measure            mark-to-market net impact                          restructuring and impairment charges                    acquisition and divestiture-related charges                                       gain associated with the juice transaction                                                                             impairment and other charges                 core % change, non-gaap measure(b)                 foreign exchange translation                 core constant currency % change, non-gaap measure(b)
unit volume decreased 1%, primarily reflecting a double-digit decline in our sabra joint venture products and a low-single-digit decline in variety packs, partially offset by low-single-digit growth in trademark doritos and double-digit growth in trademark popcorners.
operating profit increased 9%, primarily reflecting the effective net pricing and productivity savings. these impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, a 17-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily cooking oil, potatoes and seasoning, and higher advertising and marketing expenses. additionally, impairment charges associated with a baked fruit convenient food brand reduced operating profit growth by 1.5 percentage points (other impairment charges). the 53rd reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit growth.
qfna net revenue grew 15%, primarily driven by effective net pricing and a 2-percentage-point contribution from the 53rd reporting week, partially offset by a decrease in organic volume.
unit volume declined 3%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit declines in oatmeal and ready-to-eat cereals and a high-single-digit decline in pancake syrups and mixes, partially offset by mid-single-digit growth in rice/pasta sides and low-single-digit growth in bars.
operating profit grew 4.5%, primarily reflecting the effective net pricing and productivity savings. these impacts were partially offset by a 37-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily grains and packaging materials, certain operating cost increases, including incremental transportation costs, the decrease in organic volume and higher advertising and marketing expenses. the 53rd reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to operating profit growth.
pbna net revenue increased 4%, primarily driven by effective net pricing and an increase in organic volume. the 53rd reporting week contributed 2 percentage points to net revenue growth offset by a 9-percentage-point unfavorable impact of lower net revenue due to the juice transaction.
unit volume grew slightly, driven by a 1% increase in our ncb volume, offset by a 1% decrease in csd volume. the ncb volume increase primarily reflected a mid-single-digit increase in gatorade sports drinks, partially offset by a double-digit decrease in our energy portfolio.
operating profit increased 122%, primarily reflecting a 124-percentage-point impact of the gain of $3.0 billion associated with the juice transaction, partially offset by a 2-percentage-point impact of related transaction costs. operating profit growth was also driven by the net revenue growth and productivity savings, partially offset by certain operating cost increases, including incremental transportation and information technology costs, and a 42-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily aluminum and resin. a current-year gain associated with the sale of an asset and the 53rd reporting week contributed 6 percentage points and 2 percentage points, respectively, to operating profit growth. additionally, operating profit growth was reduced by a 15-percentage-point impact of the lower net revenue due to the juice transaction.
as a result of our decision to terminate the agreement with vital pharmaceuticals, inc. to distribute bang energy drinks, we recorded impairment and other related charges which reduced operating profit growth by 7 percentage points (brand portfolio impairment charges).
latam net revenue increased 21%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth.
convenient foods unit volume grew 3.5%, primarily reflecting mid-single-digit growth in mexico, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in brazil.
beverage unit volume grew 6%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in argentina. additionally, brazil, guatemala, chile and mexico each experienced mid-single-digit growth.
operating profit increased 19%, primarily reflecting the net revenue growth, productivity savings and a 3-percentage-point favorable impact of lower charges taken as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. these impacts were partially offset by certain operating cost increases, a 41-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily cooking oil, packaging materials and grains, and higher advertising and marketing expenses. additionally, impairment and other charges associated with the sale of certain non-strategic brands reduced operating profit growth by 4.5 percentage points (brand portfolio impairment charges).
europe net revenue decreased 2%, reflecting a 9-percentage-point impact of unfavorable foreign exchange, an organic volume decline and a 4.5-percentage-point unfavorable impact of the juice transaction, partially offset by effective net pricing.
convenient foods unit volume declined 4%, primarily reflecting double-digit declines in russia and ukraine and a mid-single-digit decline in poland, partially offset by low-single-digit growth in the united kingdom and france and mid-single-digit growth in turkey. additionally, the netherlands experienced a low-single-digit decline.
beverage unit volume declined 7%, primarily reflecting double-digit declines in russia, ukraine and germany, partially offset by low-single-digit growth in france. additionally, the united kingdom experienced a low-single-digit decline and turkey experienced a mid-single-digit decline.
operating profit decreased 207%, primarily reflecting a 110-percentage-point unfavorable impact of charges associated with the russia-ukraine conflict, a 98-percentage-point unfavorable impact of impairment charges related to the sodastream brand (other impairment charges) and a 20-percentage-point unfavorable impact primarily related to the impairment of intangible assets due to the discontinuation or repositioning of certain juice and dairy brands in russia (brand portfolio impairment charges), partially offset by a 23-percentage-point favorable impact of the gain associated with the juice transaction. operating profit performance was also negatively impacted by a 91-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily packaging materials, raw milk and potatoes, certain operating cost increases, the organic volume decline, a 4-percentage-point impact of less favorable settlements of promotional spending accruals compared to the prior year and a 4-percentage-point impact of payments to employees for a change in pension benefits. these impacts were partially offset by the effective net pricing, productivity savings and lower advertising and marketing expenses. unfavorable foreign exchange negatively impacted operating profit performance by 7 percentage points.
amesa net revenue increased 6%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially offset by a 3-percentage-point unfavorable impact of an extra month of net revenue in 2021 as we aligned pioneer food group ltd.'s (pioneer foods) reporting calendar with that of our amesa division. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net revenue growth by 12 percentage points.
convenient foods unit volume grew 2%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in the middle east and pakistan and high-single-digit growth in india, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in south africa.
beverage unit volume grew 14%, primarily reflecting double-digit growth in india. additionally, the middle east experienced high-single-digit growth, nigeria experienced low-single-digit growth and pakistan experienced double-digit growth.
operating profit decreased 22%, primarily reflecting a 19-percentage-point impact of impairment and other charges associated with our decision to sell or discontinue certain non-strategic brands and an investment (brand portfolio impairment charges) and a 4-percentage-point impact of impairment charges primarily related to certain juice brands from the pioneer foods acquisition (other impairment charges). operating profit performance was also negatively impacted by a 74-percentage-point impact of higher commodity costs, primarily packaging materials, grains and cooking oil, certain operating cost increases and higher advertising and marketing expenses, partially offset by the net revenue growth and productivity savings. unfavorable foreign exchange negatively impacted operating profit performance by 9 percentage points.
apac net revenue increased 4%, primarily reflecting effective net pricing and organic volume growth, partially offset by a 2-percentage-point unfavorable impact of an extra month of net revenue in 2021 as we aligned hangzhou haomusi food co., ltd.'s (be & cheery) reporting calendar with that of our apac division. unfavorable foreign exchange reduced net revenue growth by 5 percentage points.
convenient foods unit volume grew 3%, primarily reflecting low-single-digit growth in china and australia and mid-single-digit growth in thailand, partially offset by a low-single-digit decline in taiwan.