item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the following sections, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common and preferred stock. the list of risk factors provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be other factors that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects. the following sections should be read in conjunction with "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report on form 10-k. in particular, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk and "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" for additional information on our exposure and how we monitor and manage our market, credit, operational, compliance and certain other risks.
risks related to our business and industry damage to our reputation could damage our businesses.
maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, investors, and associates. if we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. these issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this item 1a, including appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, and associate misconduct. in addition, the failure to either sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels or to properly identify and communicate the risks inherent in the products and services we offer could also give rise to reputational risk. failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards or a failure or perceived failure to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and reputational harm. negative publicity about us, whether or not true, may also harm our reputation. further, failures at other large financial institutions or other market participants, regardless of whether they relate to our activities, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the financial system in general.
any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third-party vendors we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation.
our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential financial, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. there have been several highly publicized cases involving financial services companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber-attacks involving the theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, in some cases as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested "ransom" payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems. like other financial services firms, we experience malicious cyber activity directed at our computer systems, software, networks and its users on a daily basis. this malicious activity includes attempts at unauthorized access, implantation of computer viruses or malware, and denial-of-service attacks. we also experience large volumes of phishing and other forms of social engineering attempted for the purpose of perpetrating fraud against the firm, our associates, or our clients. additionally, like many large enterprises, we have shifted to a more hybrid work environment which includes a combination of in-office and remote work for our associates. the increase in remote work over the past few years has introduced potential new vulnerabilities to cyber threats. we may also face increased cybersecurity risk for a period of time after acquisitions as we transition the acquired entity's historical controls to our standards. we also face increased cybersecurity risk as we deploy additional mobile and cloud technologies. we seek to continuously monitor for and nimbly react to any and all such malicious cyber activity, and we develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misuse, misappropriation or corruption. senior management of our information technology department gives a quarterly update on cybersecurity to the audit and risk committee of our board of directors and an annual update to our full board of directors.
cyber-attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties affiliated with foreign governments, organized crime or terrorist organizations. third parties may also attempt to place individuals within our firm, or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems, to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. although cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, we have raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. however, the techniques used in these attacks are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. although we seek to maintain a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption and tokenization technologies, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management programs, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, equipment failure, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, supply chain attacks, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code, and other events that could result in significant liability and damage to our reputation, and have an ongoing impact on the security and stability of our operations. in addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber and information security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses, such as litigation costs or financial losses that exceed our policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies.
we also rely on numerous third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them. while we regularly conduct security assessments on these third-party vendors, we cannot be certain that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. we also cannot be certain that we will receive timely notification of such cyber-attacks or other security breaches. in addition, in order to access our products and services, our clients may use computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems.
notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber-attack or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability. as attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber-attacks to our clients. a technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. further, successful cyber-attacks at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our financial products and services.
further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, use of remote work, the large number of our clients, partners and counterparties, and the increasing sophistication of malicious actors, a cyber-attack could occur. moreover, any such cyber-attack may persist for an extended period of time without detection. we expect that any investigation of a cyber-attack would take substantial amounts of time, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which would further increase the costs and consequences of such an attack.
we may also be subject to liability under various data protection laws. in providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as u.s. federal, state and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. if any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. in addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. potential liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant. depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages.
we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic conditions that impact the global financial markets.
we are engaged in various financial services businesses. as such, we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, as well as economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities, consumer confidence levels and changes in consumer spending, international trade policy, and fiscal and monetary policy. for example, fed policies determine, in large part, the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. the market impact from such policies can also decrease materially the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities, as well as our cash flows, such as those associated with client cash raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries balances. changes in tax law and regulation, or any market uncertainty caused by a change in the political environment, may negatively affect our business. macroeconomic conditions may also be negatively impacted by domestic or international events, including natural disasters, political unrest, or public health epidemics and pandemics, as well as by a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results.
if we were to experience a period of sustained downturn in the securities markets, credit market dislocations, reductions in the value of real estate, increases in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, or other negative market factors, our revenues could be adversely impacted. market uncertainty could also cause clients to move their investments to lower margin products, or withdraw them, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. we could also experience a material reduction in trading volume and lower asset prices in times of market uncertainty, which would result in lower brokerage revenues, including losses on firm inventory, as well as losses on certain of our investments. conversely, periods of severe market volatility may result in a significantly higher level of transactions and other activity which may cause operational challenges that may result in losses. these can include, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, or interruptions to our system processing.  periods of reduced revenue and other losses could lead to reduced profitability because certain of our expenses, including our interest expense on debt, lease expenses, and salary expenses, are fixed, and our ability to reduce them over short time periods is limited.
u.s. markets may also be impacted by public health epidemics or pandemics, such as the covid-19 pandemic, as well as by political and civil unrest occurring in other parts of the world. our businesses and revenues derived from non-u.s. operations may also be subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, less established regulatory regimes, changes in governmental or central bank policies, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative, economic and political developments.
lack of liquidity or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition.
our inability to maintain adequate liquidity or to easily access credit and capital markets could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. if liquidity from our brokerage or banking operations is inadequate or unavailable, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, such as limiting our recruiting of financial advisors, limiting lending, selling assets at unfavorable prices, and cutting or eliminating dividend payments. our liquidity could be negatively affected by: the inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash to distribute to the parent company in the form of dividends from earnings; liquidity or capital requirements applicable to our subsidiaries that may prevent us from distributing cash to the parent company; limited or no accessibility to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings by our subsidiaries; diminished access to the capital markets for rjf; and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, or regulatory sanctions. furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to prohibitions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or repurchase our stock. certain of our regulators have the authority, and under certain circumstances, the duty, to prohibit or to limit dividend payments by regulated subsidiaries to their parent company.
the availability of financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on various factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector, and our credit ratings. our cost of capital and the availability of funding may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease to provide, funding to borrowers as a result of future concerns over the strength of specific counterparties, as well as the stability of markets generally.
we are exposed to credit risk.
we are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. credit risk may also be affected by the deterioration of strength in the u.s. economy or adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our clients and counterparties. we actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers' trading and underwriting activities, which exposes us to credit risk. although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. we also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives as part of our trading operations. deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans or the non-performance of counterparties to certain derivatives could result in losses.
we borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other broker-dealers and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and/or resell securities as part of our financing activities. a sharp change in the market values of the securities utilized in these raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments. we manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits, as well as by evaluating collateral and transaction levels on a recurring basis. significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to widespread concerns about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk. in addition, we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. during periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the loan. if clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. this may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.
we deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. a failure of a depository institution to return these deposits could severely impact our operating liquidity, result in significant reputational damage, and adversely impact our financial performance.
we also incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals, including through offering sbl, c&i loans, cre loans, reit loans, residential mortgage loans, and tax-exempt loans. we also incur credit risk through certain of our investments. our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, sell loans at unattractive prices or foreclose on certain real estate properties. furthermore, the deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics, acts of terrorism, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional credit loss provisions and/or charges-offs, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital. in addition, tristate capital bank utilizes information provided by third-party organizations to monitor changes in the value of marketable securities that serve as collateral for a portion of its sbl. these third parties also provide control over cash and marketable securities for purposes of perfecting tristate capital bank's security interests and retaining the collateral in the applicable accounts. in the event that tristate capital bank would need to take control of collateral, it is dependent upon such third parties to follow contractual control agreements in order to mitigate any potential losses on its sbl.
we are exposed to market risk, including interest rate risk.
market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions, which directly and indirectly affect us. market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer.
market risk is inherent in financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading assets and liabilities, derivatives and investments. for example, interest rate changes could adversely affect the value of our fixed income trading inventories, as well as our net interest spread, which is the difference between the yield we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, in turn impacting our net interest income and earnings. interest rate changes could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities.
a rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread and an increase in servicing fees received on cash swept to third-party program banks as part of the rjbdp. conversely, in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread and lower rjbdp fees from third-party program banks. if we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
our private equity fund investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. the value of our private equity portfolio can fluctuate and earnings from our investments can be volatile and difficult to predict. when, and if, we recognize gains can depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the prospects of the companies in which the funds invest and whether these companies become subject to a monetization event.
in addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. the inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing our capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition, and liquidity.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries significant volatility in our domestic clients' cash sweep balances could negatively impact our net revenues and/or our ability to fund our bank segment's growth and may impact our regulatory ratios.
the majority of our bank segment's deposits are driven by the rjbdp. the rjbdp is a source of relatively low-cost, stable deposits and we rely heavily on the rjbdp to fund our bank segment asset growth, particularly at raymond james bank. a significant reduction in pcg clients' cash balances, a change in the allocation of that cash between our bank segment and third-party banks within the rjbdp, or a movement of cash away from the firm could significantly impact our ability to continue growing interest-earning assets and/or require our bank segment to use higher-cost deposit sources to grow interest-earning assets. rapidly rising rates, for example, have made and may continue to make investments in securities, such as fixed-income securities and money market funds, more attractive for investors, thereby reducing the cash they hold.
we also earn fees from third-party banks related to the deposits they receive through their participation in the rjbdp. if pcg clients' cash balances continue to decrease or third-party bank demand or capacity for rjbdp deposits decline from current levels our rjbdp fees from third-party banks could be adversely affected. in addition, our inability to deploy client cash to third-party banks through rjbdp would require us to retain more cash in our bank segment or in our client interest program ("cip"), both of which may cause a significant increase in our assets. such an increase in our assets may negatively impact certain of our regulatory ratios.
our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business.
our ability to recruit, serve and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, leadership, business generation capabilities and client service skills of our client-serving professionals, members of our executive team, as well as employees who support revenue-generating professionals and their clients. to compete effectively we must attract, develop, and retain qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue-producing or specialized support personnel. competitive pressures we experience could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the labor market continues to experience elevated levels of turnover in the aftermath of the covid-19 pandemic and we have been impacted by an extremely competitive labor market, including increased competition for talent across all aspects of our business, as well as increased competition with non-traditional competitors, such as technology companies. employers are offering increased compensation and opportunities to work with greater flexibility, including remote work, on a permanent basis. these can be important factors in a current associate's decision to leave us as well as in a prospective associate's decision to join us. as competition for skilled professionals remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain qualified personnel, which could negatively impact earnings.
specifically within the financial industry, employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation. our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. if we were to lose the services of any of our financial advisors, investment bankers, senior equity research, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. if we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. to the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our associates, which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional associates at compensation levels that are not within our target range. further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues.
moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. we have been subject to several such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel, some of whom may work for our competitors. some of these claims may result in material litigation. we could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. such claims could also discourage potential associates who work for our competitors from joining us. we participate, with limited exceptions, in the protocol for broker recruiting ("protocol"), a voluntary agreement among many firms in the industry that governs, among other things, the client information that financial advisors may take with them when they affiliate with a new firm. the ability to bring such customer data to a new broker-dealer generally means that the clients of the financial advisor are more likely to choose to open accounts at the advisor's new firm.  participation is voluntary and it is possible that certain of our competitors will withdraw from the protocol. if the broker-dealers from whom we recruit new raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries financial advisors prevent, or significantly limit, the transfer of client data, our recruiting efforts may be adversely affected and we could continue to experience claims against us relating to our recruiting efforts.
our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts, and other asset management fees.
a large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds and variable annuities, and the various services we perform related to such products. changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly affect our revenues, business and financial condition. in addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fees from the distribution and other services we provide on behalf of the mutual fund and annuity companies.
the asset management fees we are paid are dependent upon the value of client assets in fee-based accounts in our pcg segment, as well as aum in our asset management segment. the value of our fee-based assets and aum is impacted by market fluctuations and inflows or outflows of assets. as our pcg clients increasingly show a preference for fee-based accounts over transaction-based accounts, a larger portion of our client assets are more directly impacted by market movements. therefore, in periods of declining market values, the values of fee-based accounts and aum may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our revenues. in addition, below-market investment performance by our funds, portfolio managers or financial advisors could result in reputational damage that might cause outflows or make it more difficult to attract new investors into our asset management products and thus, further impact our business and financial condition.
our asset management fees may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition and the renegotiation of contracts. additionally, most of our clients may withdraw funds from under our management at their discretion at any time for any reason, including as a result of competition or poor performance of our products. in addition, the market environment in recent years has resulted in a shift to passive investment products, which generate lower fees than actively managed products. a continued trend toward passive investments or changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would negatively affect our revenues, business and financial condition.
our underwriting, market-making, trading, and other business activities place our capital at risk.
we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels. as an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings in which we are involved. from time to time as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. sudden changes in the value of these positions, despite our risk mitigation policies, could impact our financial results.
as a market maker, we take ownership of positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. despite risk mitigation policies, we may incur losses as a result of positions we hold in connection with these activities.
we have made and, to the limited extent permitted by applicable regulations, may continue to make principal investments in private equity funds and other illiquid investments. we may be unable to realize our investment objectives if we cannot sell or otherwise dispose of our interests at attractive prices or complete a desirable exit strategy. in particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the portfolio companies in which investments are made, changes in economic conditions or changes in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions. it could take a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities and then to realize the cash value of such investments.
a continued interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or the failure to effectively update the technology we utilize, could be materially adverse to our business.
our businesses rely extensively on data processing and communications systems. in addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. there are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: (i) successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems on a regular basis; (ii) maintain the quality of the information contained in our data processing and communications systems; (iii) address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; and (iv) retain skilled information technology employees. failure of our technology systems, which could result from events beyond our control, including a systems malfunction or cyber-attack, failure by a third-party service provider, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients, violations of applicable privacy and other applicable laws and regulatory sanctions.
the soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us.
we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities and derivative transactions. as a result of regulatory changes and the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. any failure, termination or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients and manage our exposure to risk.
our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interdependent as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty or other relationships. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. losses arising in connection with counterparty defaults may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk.
we seek to manage, monitor and control our market, credit, operational, liquidity and legal and regulatory compliance risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be effective. while we use limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot always anticipate unforeseen economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. our risk management methods may not predict future risk exposures effectively. in addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate or may have limited predictive value. a failure to manage our growth adequately, including growth in the products or services we offer, or to manage our risk effectively, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
financial services firms are subject to numerous actual or perceived conflicts of interest, which are routinely examined by regulators and sros, such as finra, and are often used as the basis for claims for legal liability by plaintiffs in actions against us. our risk management processes include addressing potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. management of potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities. a perceived or actual failure to address conflicts of interest adequately could affect our reputation, the willingness of clients to transact business with us or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could result in material harm to our business and financial condition.
we face intense competition and pricing pressures and may not be able to keep pace with technological change.
we are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our associates, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), technology solutions, and location and reputation in relevant markets. over time, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry, which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. see "item 1 - business - competition" of this form 10-k for additional information about our competitors.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries we compete directly with other national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, and investment advisors, investment managers, and to a lesser extent, with discount brokers and dealers. we face competition from more recent entrants into the market, including fintechs, and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for fintechs to compete with larger financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. this competition has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to intensify. in addition, commercial firms and other non-traditional competitors have applied for banking licenses or have entered into partnerships with banks to provide banking services. we also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms and hedge funds, among others. competition from other financial services firms to attract clients or trading volume, through direct-to-investor online financial services, or higher deposit rates to attract client cash balances, could result in pricing pressure or otherwise adversely impact our business and cause our business to suffer.
our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop, maintain, and enhance our products and services, including factors such as customer experience, and the pricing and range of our offerings. the financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. if we are not able to develop new products and services, enhance existing offerings, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or successfully market these products and services to our customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payments processing and other services could be significantly disrupted by technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, that require no intermediation. new technologies have required, and could require us in the future, to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and retain clients or to match products and services offered by our competitors, including technology companies.
we must monitor the pricing of our services and financial products in relation to competitors and periodically may need to adjust our fees, commissions, margins, or interest rates on deposits to remain competitive. in fixed income markets, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to price competition and decreased trading margins. our trading margins have been further compressed by the shift from high- to low-touch services over time, which has created additional competitive pressure. we believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions, or margins.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings and financial condition.
if our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our client relationships. such a change in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets, trigger obligations under certain financial agreements, or decrease the number of investors, clients and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability.
we may not be able to obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. the impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. a credit rating downgrade would also result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on its $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the "credit facility"), in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade (see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k and note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information on the credit facility).
business growth, including through acquisitions, could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks.
we continue to grow, including through acquisitions and through our recruiting efforts. integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. while cultural fit is a requirement for both our recruiting and acquisition efforts, there can be no assurance that recruited talent and/or acquisition targets will ultimately assimilate into our firm in a manner which results in the expected financial benefits.  we may incur significant expense, including in the areas of technology and cybersecurity, in connection with expanding our existing businesses, recruiting financial advisors or making strategic acquisitions or raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries investments. our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the earnings derived from such investments or growth. assumptions which underlie the basis of our acquisition decisions, such as the retention of key personnel, future revenue growth of an acquired business, cost efficiencies to be realized, or the value created through the application of specialized expertise we plan to bring to the acquired business, may not be fully realized post-acquisition, resulting in an adverse impact on the value of our investment and potential dilution of the value of our shares.
we may be unable to integrate an acquired business into our existing business successfully, or such integration may be materially delayed or become more costly or difficult than expected. further, either company's clients, suppliers, employees or other business partners may react negatively to the transaction. such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
expansion may also create a need for additional compliance, risk management and internal control procedures, and often involves hiring additional personnel to address these procedures. to the extent such procedures are not adequate or not adhered to with respect to our expanded business or any new business, we could be exposed to a material loss or regulatory sanction.
moreover, to the extent we pursue acquisitions, or enter into acquisition commitments, a number of factors may prevent us from completing such acquisitions on acceptable terms. for example, regulators such as the fed could fail to approve a proposed transaction or such approvals could result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction. the shareholders of a publicly-traded target company could fail to approve the transaction. closing conditions in the transaction agreement could fail to be satisfied, or there could be an unexpected delay in closing. other developments that may affect future results of an acquired company may occur, including changes in asset quality and credit risk, changes in interest rates and capital markets, inflation, and/or changes in customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices. finally, an event, change, or other circumstance could occur that gives rise to the termination of the transaction agreement.
in addition, we may need to raise capital or borrow funds in order to finance an acquisition, which could result in dilution or increased leverage. we may not be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms or perhaps at all. further, we may issue our shares as a component of some or all of the purchase consideration for an acquisition, which may result in dilution.
securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. even if such lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims could result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. an adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition.
there is a risk that our associates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. for example, our investment banking business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. our associates interact with clients, customers and counterparties on an ongoing basis. all associates are expected to exhibit the behaviors and ethics that are reflected in our framework of principles, policies and technology to protect both our own information as well as that of our clients. if our associates improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to future regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. we are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over our assets under management. in addition, our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice and discretionary asset management. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our associates would adversely affect our clients and us. associate conduct on non-business matters, such as social issues, could be inconsistent with our policies and ethics and result in reputational harm to our business as a result of their employment by us or affiliation with us. it is not always possible to deter or prevent every instance of associate misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if our associates engage in misconduct, our business would be adversely affected.
we are exposed to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects.
the financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of liability. we have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations primarily involving claims for damages. the risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. unauthorized or illegal acts of our associates could also result in substantial liability. in addition, our business activities include providing custody, clearing, and back office support for certain non-affiliated, independent rias and broker-dealers. even though these independent firms are exclusively responsible for their operations, supervision, compliance, and the suitability of their client's investment decisions, we have been, and may in the future be, named as defendants in litigation involving their clients. we are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
in challenging market conditions, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions have historically increased. litigation risks include potential liability under securities laws or other laws for: alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions; issues related to our investment recommendations, including the suitability of such recommendations or potential concentration of investments; the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions; contractual issues; employment claims; and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and future business prospects. in addition to the foregoing financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending individual litigation and claims continue to increase over time. the amount of attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation and claims could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations. see "item 3 - legal proceedings" and note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about legal matters.
we are subject to risks relating to environmental, social, and governance ("esg") matters that could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as the price of our common and preferred stock.
we are subject to a variety of risks, including reputational risk, associated with esg issues. the public holds diverse and often conflicting views on esg topics. as a large financial institution, we have multiple stakeholders, including our shareholders, clients, associates, federal and state regulatory authorities, and the communities in which we operate, and these stakeholders will often have differing priorities and expectations regarding esg issues. if we take action in conflict with one or another of those stakeholders' expectations, we could experience an increase in client complaints, a loss of business, or reputational harm. we could also face negative publicity or reputational harm based on the identity of those with whom we choose to do business. any adverse publicity in connection with esg issues could damage our reputation, ability to attract and retain clients and associates, compete effectively, and grow our business.
in addition, proxy advisory firms and certain institutional investors who manage investments in public companies are increasingly integrating esg factors into their investment analysis. the consideration of esg factors in making investment and voting decisions is relatively new. accordingly, the frameworks and methods for assessing esg policies are not fully developed, vary considerably among the investment community, and will likely continue to evolve over time. moreover, the subjective nature of methods used by various stakeholders to assess a company with respect to esg criteria could result in erroneous perceptions or a misrepresentation of our actual esg policies and practices. organizations that provide ratings information to investors on esg matters may also assign unfavorable ratings to rjf. certain of our clients might also require that we implement additional esg procedures or standards in order to continue to do business with them. if we fail to comply with specific esg-related investor or client expectations and standards, or to provide the disclosure relating to esg issues that any third parties may believe is necessary or appropriate (regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so), our reputation, business, financial condition, and/or results of operations, as well as the price of our common and preferred stock could be negatively impacted.
moreover, there has been increased regulatory focus on esg-related practices of investment managers. a growing interest on the part of investors and regulators in esg factors, and increased demand for, and scrutiny of, esg-related disclosures by asset managers, has likewise increased the risk that we could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding the investment strategies of our funds and exchange-traded funds ("etfs"), or our and our funds' and etfs' esg efforts or initiatives, commonly referred to as "greenwashing." such perceptions or accusations could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory enforcement actions, and adversely affect our business.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. such estimates and assumptions may require management to make difficult, raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. one of our most critical estimates is our allowance for credit losses. at any given point in time, conditions in real estate and credit markets may increase the complexity and uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in our loan portfolio. the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal and regulatory matters is also subject to significant management judgement. for either of these estimates, if management's underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, our loss provisions could be insufficient to cover actual losses, and our financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.
for further discussion of our significant accounting estimates, policies and standards, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates" of this form 10-k and note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
our operations could be adversely affected by serious weather conditions.
certain of our principal operations are located in st. petersburg, florida. while we have a business continuity plan that provides for significant operations to be conducted out of remote locations, as well as our southfield, michigan and memphis, tennessee corporate offices and our u.s. information systems processing to be conducted out of our information technology data center in the denver, colorado area, our operations could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other serious weather conditions, including extreme weather events caused by climate change, that could affect the processing of transactions, communications, and the ability of our associates to get to our offices, or work remotely. in addition, our operations are dependent on our associates' ability to relocate to a secondary location in the event of a power outage or other disruption in their primary remote work location. additionally, such weather events may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients.
we are exposed to risks related to our insurance programs.
our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of a combination of insurance, self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks. to a large extent, we have elected to self-insure our errors and omissions liability and our employee-related health care benefit plans. we have self-insured retention risk related to several exposures, including our property and casualty, workers compensation and general liability benefit plans.
while we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage appropriate to our risk assessment, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. our business may be negatively affected if our insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. in addition, claims associated with risks we have retained either through our self-insurance retention or by self-insuring may exceed our recorded liabilities which could negatively impact future earnings. insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business.
risks related to our regulatory environment financial services firms are highly regulated and are currently subject to a number of new and proposed regulations, all of which may increase our risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions.
financial services firms, such as us, operate in an evolving regulatory environment and are subject to extensive supervision and regulation. the laws and regulations governing financial services firms are intended primarily for the protection of our depositors, our customers, the financial system, and the fdic insurance fund, not our shareholders or creditors. the financial services industry has experienced an extended period of significant change in laws and regulations, as well as a high degree of scrutiny from various regulators, including the sec, the fed, the fdic, the occ and the cfpb, in addition to stock exchanges, finra, and governmental authorities such as state attorneys general. currently, the sec has proposed or adopted a number of new rules after significantly abbreviated periods for public comments, and these new or proposed rules involve sweeping changes that could require significant shifts in industry operations and practices, thereby increasing uncertainty for markets and investors. penalties and fines imposed by regulatory and other governmental authorities have also been substantial and growing in recent years. we may be adversely affected by the adoption of new rules and by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations. existing and new laws and regulations could negatively affect our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, impact the value of our assets, require us to alter our business practices, impose additional compliance costs, and otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
additionally, our international business operations are subject to laws, regulations, and standards in the countries in which we operate. in many cases, our activities have been and may continue to be subject to overlapping and divergent regulation in raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries different jurisdictions. as our international operations continue to grow, we may need to comply with additional laws, rules, and regulations which could require us to alter our business practices and/or result in additional compliance costs. any violations of these laws, regulations or standards could subject us to a range of potential regulatory events or outcomes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects including potential adverse impacts on continued operations in the relevant international jurisdiction.
we are also required to comply with the volcker rule's provisions. although we have not historically engaged in significant levels of proprietary trading, or private fund investment or sponsorship, we continue to incur costs to ensure compliance with the volcker rule. any changes to regulations or changes to the supervisory approach may also result in increased compliance costs to the extent we are required to modify our existing compliance policies, procedures and practices.
broker-dealers and investment advisors are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including, but not limited to: sales and trading methods; trade practices among broker-dealers; use and safekeeping of clients' funds and securities; capital structure of securities firms; anti-money laundering efforts; recordkeeping; and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. any violation of these laws or regulations could subject us to the following events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, reputation, and prospects: civil and criminal liability for us or our employees or affiliated financial advisors; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries' registrations as investment advisors or broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; conditions or limitations on our business activities, including higher capital requirements; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. the firm is currently cooperating with the sec in connection with an investigation of the firm's investment advisory business' compliance with records preservation requirements relating to business communications sent over electronic messaging channels that have not been approved by the firm. the sec is reportedly conducting similar investigations of record preservation practices at other financial institutions.
the majority of our affiliated financial advisors are independent contractors. legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our relationships with our advisors and our business, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations.
raymond james bank and tristate capital bank are subject to the cra, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair housing act and other u.s. federal fair lending laws and regulations that impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. the u.s. department of justice and other federal agencies, including the cfpb, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. an unfavorable cra rating or a successful challenge to an institution's performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, and the imposition of restrictions on mergers, acquisitions and expansion activity. private parties may also have the ability to challenge a financial institution's performance under fair lending laws by bringing private class action litigation.
as discussed in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k, on may 5, 2022, federal banking regulators requested comment on a joint notice of proposed rulemaking on the cra. these developments create uncertainty in planning our cra activities. any revisions to the cra regulations may negatively impact our business, including through increased costs related to compliance.
the federal reserve requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for its subsidiary banks. the federal reserve could require rjf to commit resources to raymond james bank and tristate capital bank when doing so is not otherwise in the interests of rjf or its shareholders or creditors.
regulatory actions brought against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, reputation, or results of operations. in particular, the banking agencies have broad enforcement power over bank holding companies and banks, including with respect to unsafe or unsound practices or violations of law. there is no assurance that regulators will be satisfied with the policies and procedures implemented by rjf and its subsidiaries. in addition, from time to time, rjf and its subsidiaries may become subject to additional findings with respect to supervisory, compliance or other regulatory deficiencies, which could subject us to additional liability, including penalties and restrictions on our business activities. among other things, these restrictions could limit our ability to make investments, complete acquisitions, expand into new business lines, pay dividends on our common and preferred stock and/or engage in share repurchases. changes to the regulatory landscape governing the fees the firm earns on client assets, including cash sweep balances, could negatively impact our earnings. see "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k for additional information regarding our regulatory environment.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries continued asset growth may result in changes to our status with respect to existing regulations as well as increased oversight, which will result in additional capital and other financial requirements and may increase our compliance costs.
we will incur increased regulatory scrutiny (and related compliance costs) as we continue to grow and surpass certain consolidated asset thresholds, which have the effect of imposing enhanced standards and requirements on larger financial institutions. these include the potential application of enhanced prudential standards to us if our average total consolidated assets for four consecutive calendar quarters exceed $100 billion and we are therefore classified as a category iv bank holding company. under such enhanced prudential standards, category iv bank holding companies are subject to greater regulation and supervision, including, but not limited to: certain capital planning and stress capital buffer requirements; supervisory capital stress testing conducted by the fed biennially; and certain liquidity risk management and liquidity stress testing and buffer requirements. the application of enhanced prudential standards to rjf could adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance through additional capital and liquidity requirements and increased compliance costs.
changes in requirements relating to the standard of conduct for broker-dealers applicable under federal and state law have increased, and may continue to increase, our costs.
the sec's regulation best interest requires, among other things, a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail client when making a recommendation to that client of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. the regulation imposes heightened standards on broker-dealers, and we have incurred substantial costs in order to review and modify our policies and procedures, including associated supervisory and compliance controls. we anticipate that we will continue to incur costs in the future to comply with the standard.
in addition to the sec, various states have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations seeking to impose new standards of conduct on broker-dealers that, as written, differ from the sec's new regulations and may lead to additional implementation costs. implementation of the new sec regulations, as well as any new state rules that are adopted addressing similar matters, has resulted in (and may continue to result in) increased costs related to compliance, legal, operations and information technology.
the dol has also reinstated the historical "five-part test" for determining who is an investment advice "fiduciary" when dealing with certain retirement plans and accounts and promulgated a new exemption that enables investment advice fiduciaries to receive transaction-based compensation and engage in certain otherwise prohibited transactions, subject to compliance with the exemption's requirements. in addition, the dol is expected to amend the five-part test by the end of 2023 so that the fiduciary standard would apply to a broader range of client relationships. imposing such a new standard of care on additional client relationships could lead to incremental costs for our business.
numerous regulatory changes and enhanced regulatory and enforcement activity relating to our investment management activities may increase our compliance and legal costs and otherwise adversely affect our business.
as some of our wholly-owned subsidiaries are registered as investment advisors with the sec, increased regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in additional operational and compliance costs or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. while it is not possible to determine the extent of the long-term impact of any new laws or regulations that have been promulgated, or initiatives that have been or may be proposed, even the short-term impact of preparing for or implementing changes to our infrastructure and processes could negatively impact the ways we conduct business and increase our compliance and legal costs. conformance with any new law or regulations could also make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect our product and service offerings. the sec's new marketing rule will affect the marketing of our advisory products, including referrals and solicitations, and may impact our asset management business and result in increased costs.
new regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products, including additional recordkeeping and disclosure requirements, may also impact our asset management business and result in increased costs.
failure to comply with regulatory capital requirements primarily applicable to rjf, raymond james bank, tristate capital bank or our broker-dealer subsidiaries would significantly harm our business.
as discussed in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k, rjf, raymond james bank and tristate capital bank are subject to capital requirements administered by various federal regulators in the u.s. and, accordingly, must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of rjf's, raymond james bank's, and tristate capital bank's assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidelines. failure to meet minimum capital raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries requirements can trigger certain mandatory (and potentially discretionary) actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could harm either rjf's, raymond james bank's, or tristate capital bank's operations and financial condition. further, we are subject to the sec's uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) and finra's net capital rule, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. rj ltd. is subject to similar limitations under applicable regulations in canada by iiroc. regulatory capital requirements applicable to some of our significant subsidiaries may impede access to funds that rjf may need to make payments on any of its obligations. see note 24 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on regulatory capital requirements.
the basel iii regulatory capital standards impose capital and other requirements on us that could negatively impact our profitability.
the fed and other federal banking regulators have implemented the global regulatory capital requirements of basel iii and certain requirements implemented by the dodd-frank act. the u.s. basel iii rules establish the quantity and quality of regulatory capital, set forth a capital conservation buffer and define the calculation of risk-weighted assets. the capital requirements stipulated under the u.s. basel iii rules could restrict our ability to grow during favorable market conditions or require us to raise additional capital. revisions to the basel iii rules, including in connection with the implementation of the standards released by the basel committee in december 2017 could, when implemented in the united states, negatively impact our regulatory capital ratio calculations or subject us to higher and more stringent capital and other regulatory requirements. as a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be adversely affected. see "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k for further information on the basel iii regulatory capital standards.
as a financial holding company, rjf's liquidity depends on payments from its subsidiaries, which may be subject to regulatory restrictions.
rjf as a financial holding company depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations, including its debt service obligations and to fund dividend payments and share repurchases. rjf's subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prevent or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to rjf. if rjf's subsidiaries are unable to make dividend payments to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, rjf may not be able to make dividend payments to its shareholders, repurchase its shares, or make principal and interest payments on its outstanding debt. rjf's broker-dealers and bank subsidiaries are limited in their ability to lend or transact with affiliates, are subject to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, and, in the case of our broker-dealer subsidiaries, limitations on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage accounts to fund their businesses. these requirements and limitations may hinder rjf's ability to access funds from its subsidiaries. federal regulators, including the fed and the sec (through finra), have the authority and under certain circumstances, the obligation, to limit or prohibit dividend payments and stock repurchases by the banking organizations they supervise, including rjf and its bank subsidiaries. in addition, rjf's right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary's liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of creditors of that subsidiary, except to the extent that any of rjf's claims as a creditor of such subsidiary may be recognized. as a result, shares of rjf's capital stock are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of its subsidiaries.
risks related to an investment in our preferred and common stock the rights of holders of our common stock are generally subordinate to the rights of holders of our outstanding, and any future issuances of, debt securities and preferred stock.
our board of directors has the authority to issue debt securities as well as an aggregate of up to 10 million shares of preferred stock on the terms it determines appropriate without shareholder approval. in connection with our acquisition of tristate capital on june 1, 2022, we issued 40,250 shares of 6.75% fixed-to-floating rate series a non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $0.10 per share ("series a preferred stock"), in the form of 1.61 million depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of series a preferred stock, and 80,500 shares of 6.375% fixed-to-floating rate series b non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, par value $0.10 per share ("series b preferred stock") in the form of 3.22 million depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of series b preferred stock. such preferred stock is senior to our common stock. any debt or shares of preferred stock that we may issue in the future will also be senior to our common stock. because our decision to issue debt or equity securities or incur other borrowings in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts is uncertain. thus, holders of our common stock bear the risk that our future issuances of debt or equity securities or our incurrence of other borrowings may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries the depositary shares representing our preferred stock are thinly traded and have limited voting rights.
the depositary shares representing interests in our preferred stock are listed on the nyse, but an active, liquid trading market for such securities may not be sustained. a public trading market having depth, liquidity and orderliness depends upon the presence in the marketplace and independent decisions of willing buyers and sellers of our preferred stock, over which we have no control. without an active, liquid trading market, holders of our depositary shares may not be able to sell their shares at the volume, prices, or times desired. in addition, holders of our preferred stock (and, accordingly, holders of the depositary shares representing such stock), will have no voting rights with respect to matters that generally require the approval of our voting common shareholders. holders of preferred stock have voting rights that are generally limited to, with respect to the particular series of preferred stock held: (i) authorizing, creating or issuing any capital stock ranking senior to such preferred stock as to dividends or the distribution of assets upon liquidation, and (ii) amending, altering or repealing any provision of our articles of incorporation so as to adversely affect the powers, preferences or special rights of such series of preferred stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index page introduction                                                                            39
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures                41
results of operations private client group                                                                    47
capital markets                                                                         51
asset management                                                                        53
bank other statement of financial condition analysis liquidity and capital resources regulatory                                                                              65
recent accounting developments                                                          67
risk management                                                                         67
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis introduction the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of our operations and financial condition. this md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. where "nm" is used in various percentage change computations, the computed percentage change has been determined to be not meaningful.
we operate as a financial holding company and bank holding company. results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to general economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the u.s. equity and fixed income markets, changes in interest rates, market volatility, corporate and mortgage lending markets and commercial and residential credit trends.  overall market conditions, economic, political and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control.  these factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants, including investors, borrowers, and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. these factors also impact the level of investment banking activity and asset valuations, which ultimately affect our business results.
for the year ended september 30, 2022, we generated net revenues of $11.00 billion and pre-tax income of $2.02 billion, both 13% higher compared with the prior year. our net income available to common shareholders of $1.51 billion was 7% higher than the prior year and our earnings per diluted share of $6.98 reflected a 5% increase. our return on common equity ("roce") was 17.0%, compared with 18.4% for the prior year.
in fiscal 2022, we completed the acquisitions of charles stanley group plc ("charles stanley"), tristate capital, and sumridge partners, which resulted in incremental revenues and expenses during the year. during the year we also incurred acquisition-related expenses, such as compensation largely related to retention awards, initial provisions for credit losses on acquired loans and unfunded lending commitments, amortization of identifiable intangible assets, and other costs incurred to effect our acquisitions, such as legal expenses and other professional fees. these expenses totaled $147 million this fiscal year, an increase of $65 million over the prior year. excluding these acquisition-related expenses, our adjusted net income available to common shareholders was $1.62 billion(1), an increase of 5% compared with the prior year, and our adjusted earnings per diluted share were $7.49(1), an increase of 3%. adjusted roce for the year was 18.2%(1), compared with 20.0%(1) in the prior year, and adjusted return on tangible common equity ("rotce") was 21.1%(1), compared with 22.2%(1) in the prior year.
the increase in net revenues compared with the prior year was driven by the impact of higher pcg client assets in fee-based accounts for most of the current fiscal year, which positively impacted our asset management and related administrative fees, the benefit of higher short-term interest rates on both net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party banks, and incremental revenues from our acquisitions of tristate capital, charles stanley, and sumridge partners. brokerage revenues and investment banking revenues each declined compared with a strong prior year, primarily as a result of market uncertainty during the current year.
compensation, commissions and benefits expense increased 11%, primarily attributable to the growth in revenues and pre-tax income compared with the prior year, as well as the aforementioned acquisitions. our compensation ratio was 66.6%, compared with 67.5% for the prior year. excluding acquisition-related compensation expenses, our adjusted compensation ratio was 66.1%(1), compared with 67.0%(1) for the prior year. the decline in the compensation ratio primarily resulted from changes in our revenue mix due to higher net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party banks, which have little associated direct compensation.
(1)    adjusted net income available to common shareholders, adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted roce, adjusted rotce, and adjusted compensation ratio are non-gaap financial measures. in fiscal 2022, certain non-gaap financial measures were adjusted for additional expenses directly related to our acquisitions that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, such as those related to amortization of identifiable intangible assets arising from acquisitions and acquisition-related retention. prior periods have been conformed to the current presentation. please see the "reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures" in this md&a for a reconciliation of these non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures, and for other important disclosures.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-compensation expenses increased 19%, due to incremental expenses from the aforementioned acquisitions, as well as increases in the bank loan provision for credit losses, business development expenses and communications and information processing expenses. the bank loan provision for credit losses increased $132 million to a provision of $100 million in the current year, compared with a benefit of $32 million for the prior year; however, $26 million of this increase related solely to the initial provision recorded on loans acquired as part of the tristate capital acquisition. partially offsetting these increases, we incurred $98 million of losses on extinguishment of debt from the early-redemption of certain of our senior notes during the prior year, which did not recur in the current year.
our effective income tax rate was 25.4% for fiscal 2022, an increase from 21.7% for the prior year. the increase in the effective tax rate from the prior year was primarily due to the negative impact of nondeductible valuation losses associated with our company-owned life insurance portfolio during the current year compared with nontaxable valuation gains for the prior year.
as of september 30, 2022, our tier 1 leverage ratio of 10.3% and total capital ratio of 20.4% were both well above the regulatory requirement to be considered well-capitalized. we also continued to have substantial liquidity with $1.91 billion(1) of cash at the parent company as of september 30, 2022, which includes parent cash loaned to rj&a. we believe our funding and capital position provide us the opportunity to continue to grow our balance sheet prudently and we expect to continue to be opportunistic in deploying our capital. subsequent to the closing of tristate capital, for the period june 1, 2022 through september 30, 2022, we repurchased 1.74 million shares and subsequent to that date repurchased an additional 354 thousand shares, for a cumulative repurchase through november 17, 2022 of approximately 2.1 million shares of our common stock for $200 million or approximately $96 per share. after the effect of those repurchases, $800 million remained under our board of directors' share repurchase authorization. we currently expect to continue to repurchase our common stock in fiscal 2023 to offset the impact of shares issued with the acquisition of tristate capital as well as to offset dilution from share-based compensation; however, we will continue to monitor market conditions and other capital needs as we consider these repurchases. on august 16, 2022, the u.s. enacted the inflation reduction act of 2022, which, among other things, establishes a 1% excise tax on net repurchases of shares by domestic corporations whose stock is traded on an established securities market. the excise tax will be imposed on repurchases that occur after december 31, 2022 and will be recorded directly to equity as part of the repurchase transaction, rather than as a component of our provision for income taxes. the act also introduces a corporate alternative minimum tax which we do not expect to have an impact on our results of operations or cash flows in the future.
we believe we remain well-positioned entering fiscal 2023. we expect fiscal 2023 results to be further positively impacted by a full year's impact of the combined 300-basis point increase in the fed's short-term benchmark interest rate during our fiscal 2022, as well as the 75-basis point increase in november 2022. with clients' domestic cash sweep balances of $67.1 billion as of september 30, 2022 and our high concentration of floating-rate assets, we also believe we are well-positioned for any further increases in short-term interest rates, which we expect to positively impact our net interest income and our rjbdp fees from third-party banks, although we expect further declines in client cash balances in fiscal 2023 as we expect clients to continue to shift their cash to higher-yielding investment products. we also expect to continue to face macroeconomic uncertainties which may continue to have a negative impact on equity and fixed income markets. as a result, we may experience volatility in asset management fees and brokerage revenues, as well as investment banking revenues, despite our strong investment banking pipelines. in addition, asset management and related administrative fees will be negatively impacted in our fiscal first quarter of 2023 by the 3% sequential decrease in pcg fee-based assets as of september 30, 2022 and lower financial assets under management; however, our recruiting pipelines remain strong and we continue to see solid retention of existing advisors. net loan growth should result in additional provisions for credit losses and future economic deterioration could result in increased bank loan provisions for credit losses in future periods. in addition, although we remain focused on the management of expenses, we expect that expenses will continue to increase in part as a result of inflationary pressures on our costs, as business and event-related travel occur throughout the entire fiscal year 2023, and as we continue to make investments in our people and technology to support our growth.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2021 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2021 results compared to fiscal 2020.
(1) for additional information, please see the "liquidity and capital resources - sources of liquidity" section in this md&a.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures we utilize certain non-gaap financial measures as additional measures to aid in, and enhance, the understanding of our financial results and related measures. we believe certain of these non-gaap financial measures provide useful information to management and investors by excluding certain material items that may not be indicative of our core operating results. we utilize these non-gaap financial measures in assessing the financial performance of the business, as they facilitate a meaningful comparison of current- and prior-period results. in fiscal 2022, certain of our non-gaap financial measures were adjusted for additional expenses directly related to our acquisitions that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, including acquisition-related retention, amortization of identifiable intangible assets arising from acquisitions, and the initial provision for credit losses on loans acquired and lending commitments assumed as a result of the tristate capital acquisition. prior periods, where applicable, have been conformed to the current period presentation. we believe that rotce is meaningful to investors as this measure facilitates comparison of our results to the results of other companies. in the following tables, the tax effect of non-gaap adjustments reflects the statutory rate associated with each non-gaap item. these non-gaap financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap financial measures of other companies. the following tables provide a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures for the periods indicated.
non-gaap adjustments:
expenses directly related to acquisitions included in the following financial statement line items:
compensation, commissions and benefits:
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                         60                              49
professional fees                                                                                                              12                              10
bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                        26                               -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                                 33                              21
losses on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                -                              98
pre-tax impact of non-gaap adjustments                                                                                        147                             180
tax effect of non-gaap adjustments                                                                                           (37)                            (43)
total non-gaap adjustments, net of tax                                                                                        110                             137
compensation, commissions and benefits expense                                                                             $7,329                          $6,584
adjusted "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                  $7,269                          $6,535
less the impact of non-gaap adjustments on compensation ratio:
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expenses related to acquisitions                 0.5   %            0.5   %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis year ended september 30,
impact of non-gaap adjustments on diluted earnings per common share:
compensation, commissions and benefits:
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                         0.28                                0.23
professional fees                                                                                                              0.06                                0.05
bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                        0.12                                   -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                                 0.15                                0.10
losses on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                  -                                0.46
tax effect of non-gaap adjustments                                                                                           (0.17)                              (0.20)
total non-gaap adjustments, net of tax                                                                                         0.51                                0.65
as of
total common equity attributable to raymond james financial, inc.                                                            $9,338                              $8,245
less non-gaap adjustments:
tangible common equity attributable to raymond james financial, inc.                                                         $7,533                              $7,427
impact of non-gaap adjustments on average common equity:
compensation, commissions and benefits:
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                         28                              23
professional fees                                                                                                               6                               4
bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                        10                               -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                                 16                               9
losses on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                -                              39
tax effect of non-gaap adjustments                                                                                           (17)                            (18)
total non-gaap adjustments, net of tax                                                                                         51                              58
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis year ended september 30,
impact of non-gaap adjustments on average tangible common equity:
compensation, commissions and benefits:
total "compensation, commissions and benefits" expense                                                                         28                              23
professional fees                                                                                                               6                               4
bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses - initial provision for credit losses on acquired loans                        10                               -
amortization of identifiable intangible assets                                                                                 16                               9
losses on extinguishment of debt                                                                                                -                              39
tax effect of non-gaap adjustments                                                                                           (17)                            (18)
total non-gaap adjustments, net of tax                                                                                         51                              58
total compensation ratio is computed by dividing compensation, commissions and benefits expense by net revenues for each respective period. adjusted total compensation ratio is computed by dividing adjusted compensation, commissions and benefits expense by net revenues for each respective period.
tangible common equity is computed by subtracting goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net, along with the associated deferred tax liabilities, from total common equity attributable to rjf. average common equity is computed by adding the total common equity attributable to rjf as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total, and dividing by five, or in the case of average tangible common equity, computed by adding tangible common equity as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total, and dividing by five. adjusted average common equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average common equity of the non-gaap adjustments, as applicable for each respective period. adjusted average tangible common equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average tangible common equity of the non-gaap adjustments, as applicable for each respective period.
roce is computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by average common equity for each respective period or, in the case of rotce, computed by dividing net income available to common shareholders by average tangible common equity for each respective period. adjusted roce is computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by adjusted average common equity for each respective period, or in the case of adjusted rotce, computed by dividing adjusted net income available to common shareholders by adjusted average tangible common equity for each respective period.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis net interest analysis largely in response to inflationary pressures, the fed has rapidly increased its benchmark short-term interest rates, from the near-zero interest rates that existed starting in fiscal 2020 and continuing throughout fiscal 2021 through february 2022, to gradual increases commencing in march 2022, ending at a range of 3.00% to 3.25% as of september 30, 2022. the fed indicated that it intends to closely monitor short-term interest rates into our fiscal 2023, and in fact, enacted an additional 75-basis point increase in november 2022. the following table details the fed's short-term interest rate activity since fiscal 2020.
rjf fiscal quarter ended                                 date of interest rate action                      increase/(decrease) in interest rates (in basis points)         fed funds target rate march 31, 2020                                           march 16, 2020                                                                                      (100)                 0.00% - 0.25%
rate changes subsequent to september 30, 2022
increases in short-term interest rates positively impacted our net interest income during our fiscal 2022, as well as the fee income we earn from third-party banks on client cash balances swept to such banks as part of the rjbdp (included in account and service fees), which are also sensitive to changes in interest rates.
given the relationship between our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities (primarily held in our pcg, bank, and other segments) and the nature of fees we earn from third-party banks in the rjbdp, increases in short-term interest rates generally result in an increase in our net earnings, although the magnitude of the impact to our net interest margin depends on the yields on interest-earning assets relative to the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, including deposit rates paid to clients on their cash balances. changes to the regulatory landscape governing the fees the firm earns on client assets, including cash sweep balances, could negatively impact our earnings. in addition, our pace of loan growth may fluctuate over time in response to changes in interest rates. as a result of our diverse funding sources, strong loan growth and high concentration of floating-rate assets, we benefited from the increases in short-term interest rates in fiscal 2022 and believe we are well-positioned for our net interest earnings and rjbdp fees to continue to be favorably impacted by the fiscal year 2022, as well as any fiscal 2023, increases in short-term rates. however, we also expect the benefit to our rjbdp fees to be partially offset by a decline in domestic client sweep balances as a portion of this cash gets invested in higher-yielding investments.
refer to the discussion of our net interest income within the "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations" of our pcg, bank, and other segments, where applicable. also refer to "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group - clients' domestic cash sweep balances" for further information on the rjbdp.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents our consolidated average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances, interest income and expense and the related rates.
money market and savings accounts                                                             $36,693                         $81                        0.22      %                       $28,389                      $3                        0.01      %                       $23,714                       $20                        0.09      %
certificates of deposit                                                                           870                          15                        1.68      %                           904                      17                        1.90      %                         1,006                        20                        2.03      %
firmwide net interest income                                                                                               $1,203                                                                                     $673                                                                                       $822
firmwide                                                                                                                                                 1.77      %                                                                              1.35      %                                                                                2.14      %
(1) loans are presented net of unamortized discounts, unearned income, and deferred loan fees and costs.
(3) the yield on tax-exempt loans in the preceding table is presented on a taxable-equivalent basis utilizing the applicable federal statutory rates for each of the years presented.
(4) the average balance, interest expense, and average rate for "total bank deposits" included amounts associated with affiliate deposits. such amounts are eliminated in consolidation and are offset in "all other interest-bearing liabilities" under "all other segments".
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. the following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. the effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous period's average rate. similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average rate by the previous period's volume. changes attributable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately.
money market and savings accounts                                                  $1                          $                         $                              $3                        $(20)                       $(17)
certificates of deposit                                                           (1)                        (1)                       (2)                             (2)                          (1)                         (3)
change in firmwide net interest income                                           $278                       $252                      $530                            $164                       $(313)                      $(149)
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis results of operations - private client group through our pcg segment, we provide financial planning, investment advisory and securities transaction services for which we generally charge either asset-based fees (presented in "asset management and related administrative fees") or sales commissions (presented in "brokerage revenues"). we also earn revenues for distribution and related support services performed primarily related to mutual funds, fixed and variable annuities and insurance products. asset management and related administrative fees and brokerage revenues in this segment are typically correlated with the level of pcg client aua, including those in fee-based accounts, as well as the overall u.s. equity markets. in periods where equity markets improve, aua and client activity generally increase, thereby having a favorable impact on net revenues.
we also earn servicing fees, such as omnibus and education and marketing support fees, from mutual fund and annuity companies whose products we distribute. servicing fees earned from mutual fund and annuity companies are based on the level of assets, a flat fee or number of positions in such programs. our pcg segment also earns fees from banks to which we sweep clients' cash in the rjbdp, including both third-party banks and our bank segment. such fees, which generally fluctuate based on average balances in the program and short-term interest rates, are included in "account and service fees." see "clients' domestic cash sweep balances" in the "selected key metrics" section for further information about fees earned from the rjbdp.
net interest income in the pcg segment is primarily generated by interest earnings on assets segregated for regulatory purposes and on margin loans provided to clients, less interest paid on client cash balances in the cip. amounts are impacted by client cash balances in the cip and short-term interest rates. higher client cash balances generally lead to increased net interest income, depending on interest rate spreads realized in the cip (i.e., between interest received on assets segregated for regulatory purposes and interest paid on cip balances). for more information on client cash balances, see "clients' domestic cash sweep balances" in the "selected key metrics" section.
for an overview of our pcg segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
asset management and related administrative fees                     $4,710                      $4,056                      $3,162                         16      %                     28      %
account and service fees:
mutual fund and annuity service fees                                    428                         408                         348                          5      %                     17      %
total account and service fees                                        1,207                         824                         807                         46      %                      2      %
financial advisor compensation and benefits                           4,696                       4,204                       3,428                         12      %                     23      %
administrative compensation and benefits                              1,199                       1,015                         971                         18      %                      5      %
total compensation, commissions and benefits                          5,895                       5,219                       4,399                         13      %                     19      %
communications and information processing                               332                         275                         251                         21      %                     10      %
business development                                                    126                          71                          79                         77      %                   (10)      %
professional fees                                                        56                          46                          33                         22      %                     39      %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis selected key metrics pcg client asset balances as of september 30,
percent of aua in fee-based accounts                         56.4   %                      56.2   %                    53.8   %
(1)these metrics include the impact from the acquisition of charles stanley, which was completed on january 21, 2022.
(2)a portion of our "assets in fee-based accounts" is invested in "managed programs" overseen by our asset management segment, specifically our asset management services division of rj&a ("ams"). these assets are included in our financial assets under management as disclosed in the "selected key metrics" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - asset management."
pcg aua and pcg assets in fee-based accounts each decreased 7% compared with the prior year, as the positive impacts of strong net inflows of client assets and the charles stanley acquisition were more than offset by a decline in market values. pcg assets in fee-based accounts continued to be a significant percentage of overall pcg aua due to many clients' preference for fee-based alternatives versus transaction-based accounts and, as a result, a significant portion of our pcg revenues is more directly impacted by market movements.
fee-based accounts within our pcg segment are comprised of a wide array of products and programs that we offer our clients. the majority of assets in fee-based accounts within our pcg segment are invested in programs for which our financial advisors provide investment advisory services, either on a discretionary or non-discretionary basis. administrative services for such accounts (e.g., record-keeping) are generally performed by our asset management segment and, as a result, a portion of the related revenue is shared with the asset management segment.
we also offer our clients fee-based accounts that are invested in "managed programs" overseen by ams, which is part of our asset management segment. fee-billable assets invested in managed programs are included in both "assets in fee-based accounts" in the preceding table and "financial assets under management" in the asset management segment. revenues related to managed programs are shared by our pcg and asset management segments. the asset management segment receives a higher portion of the revenues related to accounts invested in managed programs, as compared to the portion received for non-managed programs, as it is performing portfolio management services in addition to administrative services.
the vast majority of the revenues we earn from fee-based accounts is recorded in "asset management and related administrative fees" on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. fees received from such accounts are based on the value of client assets in fee-based accounts and vary based on the specific account types in which the client invests and the level of assets in the client relationship. as fees for the majority of such accounts are billed based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter, revenues from fee-based accounts may not be immediately affected by changes in asset values, but rather the impacts are seen in the following quarter. assets in fee-based accounts in this segment decreased 3% as of september 30, 2022 compared with june 30, 2022, which we expect will have an unfavorable impact on our related revenues in our fiscal first quarter of 2023.
pcg aua included assets associated with firms affiliated with us through our rcs division of $108.5 billion as of september 30, 2022, $92.7 billion as of september 30, 2021, and $59.7 billion as of september 30, 2020, of which $89.9 billion, $77.2 billion, and $47.4 billion as of september 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were fee-based assets. based on the nature of the services provided to such firms, revenues related to these assets are included in "account and services fees."
financial advisors as of september 30,
independent contractors                  5,043                     5,021                     4,835
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the number of financial advisors as of september 30, 2022 increased compared to the prior year due to strong recruiting and retention of existing advisors and the addition of nearly 200 financial advisors with the charles stanley acquisition in january 2022, partially offset by the transfer of 222 advisors previously affiliated primarily as independent contractors to our rcs division (including one firm with 166 financial advisors). we expect to continue to experience transfers of financial advisors to our rcs division in fiscal 2023; however, consistent with our experience in fiscal 2022, we do not expect these financial advisor transfers to significantly impact our results of operations. advisors in our rcs division are not included in our financial advisor count metric although their client assets are included in pcg aua. the recruiting pipeline remains robust across our affiliation options; however, the timing of financial advisors joining the firm may be impacted by market uncertainty.
clients' domestic cash sweep balances as of september 30,
a significant portion of our domestic clients' cash is included in the rjbdp, a multi-bank sweep program in which clients' cash deposits in their accounts are swept into interest-bearing deposit accounts at either raymond james bank or tristate capital bank, which are included in our bank segment, or various third-party banks. our pcg segment earns servicing fees for the administrative services we provide related to our clients' deposits that are swept to such banks as part of the rjbdp. these servicing fees are variable in nature and fluctuate based on client cash balances in the program, as well as the level of short-term interest rates and the interest paid to clients on balances in the rjbdp. under our current intersegment policies, the pcg segment receives the greater of a base servicing fee or a net yield equivalent to the average yield that the firm would otherwise receive from third-party banks in the rjbdp. this is a different intersegment policy than that which was in place in prior years, during the last interest rate cycle. the result of this change is that the pcg segment revenues will reflect increased fee revenues as the yield from third-party banks in the program continues to rise and the bank segment rjbdp servicing costs reflect the market rate. the fees that the pcg segment earns from the bank segment, as well as the servicing costs incurred on the deposits in the bank segment, are eliminated in the computation of our consolidated results.
the "average yield on rjbdp - third-party banks" in the preceding table is computed by dividing rjbdp fees from third-party banks, which are net of the interest expense paid to clients by the third-party banks, by the average daily rjbdp balance at third-party banks. the average yield on rjbdp - third-party banks increased from the prior year as a result of the combined 300-basis point increase in the fed's short-term benchmark interest rate during our fiscal 2022, as compared to the prior year, which reflected a full year of near-zero short-term interest rates. we expect our fiscal 2023 results will benefit from a full-year's impact of the fed's short-term rate increases enacted toward the end of fiscal 2022, as well as the rate increase in november 2022, with our average yield on rjbdp - third-party banks expected to approximate 2.5% for our fiscal first quarter of 2023.
although client cash balances remained elevated for the majority of fiscal 2022, cash balances declined at the end of the year, resulting in only a 1% increase as of september 30, 2022 compared with september 30, 2021. we expect this recent trend to continue into fiscal 2023, as clients continue to move cash from lower-yielding bank deposits to higher-yielding investment products. pcg segment results can be impacted not only by changes in the level of client cash balances, but also by the allocation of client cash balances between rjbdp and our cip, as the pcg segment may earn different amounts from each of these client cash destinations, depending on multiple factors.
net revenues of $7.71 billion increased 17% and pre-tax income of $1.03 billion increased 38%.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis asset management and related administrative fees increased $654 million, or 16%, primarily due to higher assets in fee-based accounts at the beginning of most of the current-year quarterly billing periods compared with the prior-year quarterly billing periods and, to a lesser extent, incremental revenues arising from our acquisition of charles stanley.
brokerage revenues decreased $30 million, or 2%, primarily due to lower trailing placement fees from mutual and other fund products and annuity products, resulting from lower asset values for products for which we receive trails, partially offset by incremental revenues from our acquisition of charles stanley.
account and service fees increased $383 million, or 46%, primarily due to an increase in rjbdp fees from both third-party banks and our bank segment due to the increase in short-term rates during the current year, as well as higher client cash balances in the rjbdp. client account and other fees also increased, resulting from incremental revenues from our acquisitions of nwps holdings inc. at the end of our fiscal first quarter of 2021 and charles stanley in our fiscal second quarter of 2022, as well as higher account maintenance fees resulting from an increase in the fee per account effective during the current fiscal year. mutual fund service fees increased due to higher average mutual fund assets.
net interest income increased $94 million, or 83%, due to both the increase in short-term interest rates and higher average balances of interest-earning assets such as assets segregated for regulatory purposes, which benefited from higher average cip balances during the current year. although client cash balances remained elevated for the majority of fiscal 2022, cash balances declined at the end of the year. we expect this recent trend to continue into fiscal 2023, as clients continue to move cash to higher-yielding investments.
compensation-related expenses increased $676 million, or 13%, primarily due to higher asset management fee revenues, as well as incremental expenses resulting from our acquisition of charles stanley and an increase in compensation costs to support our growth.
non-compensation expenses increased $142 million, or 22%, driven by incremental expenses resulting from our acquisition of charles stanley, increases in travel and event-related expenses compared with the low levels incurred in the prior year, higher communications and information processing expenses primarily due to ongoing enhancements of our technology platforms, and increasing real estate rent costs.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2021 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2021 results compared to fiscal 2020.
results of operations - capital markets our capital markets segment conducts investment banking, institutional sales, securities trading, equity research, and the syndication and management of investments in low-income housing funds and funds of a similar nature, the majority of which qualify for tax credits.
we provide various investment banking services, including merger & acquisition advisory, and other advisory services, underwriting or advisory services on public and private equity and debt financing for corporate clients, and public financing activities. revenues from investment banking activities are driven principally by our role in the transaction and the number and sizes of the transactions with which we are involved.
we earn brokerage revenues for the sale of both equity and fixed income products to institutional clients, as well as from our market-making activities in fixed income debt securities. client activity is influenced by a combination of general market activity and our capital markets group's ability to find attractive investment opportunities for clients.  in certain cases, we transact on a principal basis, which involves the purchase of securities from, and the sale of securities to, our clients as well as other dealers who may be purchasing or selling securities for their own account or acting on behalf of their clients.  profits and losses related to this activity are primarily derived from the spreads between bid and ask prices, as well as market trends for the individual securities during the period we hold them. to facilitate such transactions, we carry inventories of financial instruments. in our fixed income businesses, we also enter into interest rate swaps and futures contracts to facilitate client transactions or to actively manage risk exposures.
for an overview of our capital markets segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
equity underwriting                                                   210                       285                       185                       (26)      %                     54      %
debt underwriting                                                     143                       172                       133                       (17)      %                     29      %
affordable housing investments business revenues                      127                       105                        83                         21      %                     27      %
compensation, commissions and benefits                              1,065                     1,055                       774                          1      %                     36      %
communications and information processing                              89                        83                        77                          7      %                      8      %
business development                                                   45                        34                        47                         32      %                   (28)      %
professional fees                                                      47                        54                        48                       (13)      %                     13      %
net revenues of $1.81 billion decreased 4% and pre-tax income of $415 million decreased 22%.
investment banking revenues decreased $34 million, or 3%, due to a significant decline in both equity and debt underwriting activity, resulting from the impact of market uncertainty during the current year. merger & acquisition and advisory revenues increased, reflecting high levels of client activity, as well as a full year of revenues related to our fiscal 2021 acquisitions of financo and cebile. our investment banking pipeline remains strong, reflecting the investments we have made over the past several years, however, continued market uncertainty could delay, or ultimately prevent, the closing of transactions, which could negatively impact our results in fiscal 2023.
brokerage revenues decreased $70 million, or 11%, due to a significant decrease in fixed income brokerage revenues, which remained solid but were lower than the prior year as a result of a challenging and uncertain interest rate environment compared with the prior year, partially offset by incremental revenues from sumridge partners, which was acquired on july 1, 2022. we expect fixed income brokerage revenues to continue to be negatively impacted by market uncertainty and a decline in cash balances at our depository institution clients during fiscal 2023; however, we expect some amount of offsetting benefit to our results from a full year of revenues from sumridge partners.
affordable housing investment business revenues increased $22 million, or 21%, primarily reflecting continued strong business activity levels as well as gains on the sales of certain properties during the current year.
compensation-related expenses increased $10 million, or 1%, due to higher share-based compensation amortization and salaries, primarily due to our acquisition of sumridge partners and a full year of our prior year acquisitions of financo and cebile, inflationary and market compensation pressures, and to support our growth, partially offset by a decrease resulting from lower compensable revenues.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-compensation expenses increased $31 million, or 10%, primarily due to increased travel and event-related expenses, as well as an increase in expenses associated with our acquisition of sumridge partners and to support our growth, partially offset by lower investment banking deal expenses due to lower underwriting revenues compared with the prior year.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2021 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2021 results compared to fiscal 2020.
results of operations - asset management our asset management segment earns asset management and related administrative fees for providing asset management, portfolio management and related administrative services to retail and institutional clients. this segment oversees the portion of our fee-based aua invested in "managed programs" for our pcg clients through ams and through rj trust. this segment also provides asset management services through raymond james investment management for certain retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts, and proprietary mutual funds that we manage, generally utilizing active portfolio management strategies. asset management fees are based on fee-billable assets under management, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. rising equity markets have historically had a positive impact on revenues as existing accounts increase in value. conversely, declining markets typically have a negative impact on revenue levels.
our asset management segment also earns administrative fees on certain fee-based assets within pcg that are not overseen by our asset management segment, but for which the segment provides administrative support (e.g., record-keeping). these administrative fees are based on asset balances, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. for an overview of our asset management segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
asset management and related administrative fees:
total asset management and related administrative fees                      882                       837                       688                          5      %                     22      %
account and service fees                                                     22                        18                        16                         22      %                     13      %
compensation, commissions and benefits                                      194                       182                       177                          7      %                      3      %
communications and information processing                                    53                        47                        45                         13      %                      4      %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis selected key metrics managed programs management fees recorded in our asset management segment are generally calculated as a percentage of the value of our fee-billable aum. these aum include the portion of fee-based aua in our pcg segment that is invested in programs overseen by our asset management segment (included in the "ams" line of the following table), as well as retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and proprietary mutual funds that we manage (collectively included in the "raymond james investment management" line of the following table).
revenues related to fee-based aua in our pcg segment are shared by the pcg and asset management segments, the amount of which depends on whether or not clients are invested in assets that are in managed programs overseen by our asset management segment and the administrative services provided (see our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group" for more information). our aum in ams are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets, including transfers between fee-based accounts and transaction-based accounts within our pcg segment.
revenues earned by raymond james investment management for retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and our proprietary mutual funds are recorded entirely in the asset management segment. our aum in raymond james investment management are impacted by market and investment performance and net inflows or outflows of assets, including the impact of acquisitions.
fees for our managed programs are generally collected quarterly. approximately 65% of these fees are based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter (primarily in ams), approximately 15% are based on balances as of the end of the quarter, and approximately 20% are based on average daily balances throughout the quarter.
financial assets under management as of september 30,
raymond james investment management                                 64.2                        67.8                        59.5
subtotal financial assets under management                         184.0                       202.2                       161.7
total financial assets under management                           $173.8                      $191.9                      $153.1
(1)represents the portion of our pcg segment fee-based aua (as disclosed in "assets in fee-based accounts" in the "selected key metrics - pcg client asset balances" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group") that is invested in managed programs overseen by the asset management segment.
financial assets under management at beginning of year                     $202.2                      $161.7                      $150.3
raymond james investment management:
acquisition of chartwell investment partners (1)                              9.8                           -                           -
net market appreciation/(depreciation) in asset values                     (36.2)                        27.5                        10.7
financial assets under management at end of year                           $184.0                      $202.2                      $161.7
(1)represents june 1, 2022 assets under management of chartwell investment partners, a registered investment advisor acquired as part of the tristate capital acquisition. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about this acquisition.
ams see "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group" for further information about our retail client assets, including those fee-based assets invested in programs managed by ams.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis raymond james investment management assets managed by raymond james investment management include assets managed by our subsidiaries: eagle asset management, scout investments, reams asset management (a division of scout investments), clarivest asset management, cougar global investments, and chartwell investment partners ("chartwell"), which was acquired on june 1, 2022 in connection with our acquisition of tristate capital. the following table presents raymond james investment management's aum by objective, excluding assets for which it does not exercise discretion, as well as the approximate average client fee rate earned on such assets.
as of september 30, 2022
total financial assets under management                    $64.2                                0.35       %
non-discretionary asset-based programs the following table includes assets held in certain non-discretionary asset-based programs for which the asset management segment does not exercise discretion but provides administrative support (including for affiliated entities). the vast majority of these assets are also included in our pcg segment fee-based aua (as disclosed in "assets in fee-based accounts" in the "selected key metrics - pcg client asset balances" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group").
the decrease in assets compared to the prior year was largely due to a decline in market values during the year. administrative fees associated with these programs are predominantly based on balances at the beginning of each quarterly billing period.
rj trust the following table includes assets held in asset-based programs in rj trust (including those managed for affiliated entities).
net revenues of $914 million increased 5% and pre-tax income of $386 million decreased 1%.
asset management and related administrative fees increased $45 million, or 5%, driven by higher financial assets under management and higher assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs at the beginning of most of our current-year quarterly billing periods compared with the prior-year quarterly billing periods. we expect the declines in financial assets under management and assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs during our fiscal fourth quarter of 2022, which occurred due to the decline in market values, to negatively affect our fiscal first quarter of 2023 revenues, as the majority of our asset management and related administrative fees are billed based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter.
compensation expenses increased $12 million, or 7%, due to an increase in salaries due to labor market pressures and to support our growth, as well as incremental compensation expenses related to chartwell. non-compensation expenses increased $38 million, or 13%, largely due to higher investment sub-advisory fees, resulting from higher assets under management in sub-advised programs for most of the current fiscal year, as well as incremental expenses due to the acquisition of chartwell.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2021 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2021 results compared to fiscal 2020.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis results of operations - bank the bank segment provides various types of loans, including sbl, corporate loans, residential mortgage loans, and tax-exempt loans. our bank segment is active in corporate loan syndications and participations and lending directly to clients. we also provide fdic-insured deposit accounts, including to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries, as well as other deposit and liquidity management products and services. our bank segment generates net interest income principally through the interest income earned on loans and an investment portfolio of available-for-sale securities, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings. our bank segment's net interest income is affected by the levels of interest rates, interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. higher interest-earning asset balances and higher interest rates generally lead to increased net interest income, depending upon spreads realized on interest-bearing liabilities. for more information on average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances and the related interest income and expense, see the following discussion in this md&a. for an overview of our bank segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k. our bank segment results include the results of tristate capital bank since the acquisition date of june 1, 2022. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding this acquisition.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
compensation and benefits                                             84                        51                        51                         65      %                      -      %
bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses                      100                      (32)                       233                                nm                            nm rjbdp fees to pcg                                                    357                       183                       180                         95      %                      2      %
net revenues of $1.08 billion increased 61% and pre-tax income of $382 million increased 4%.
net interest income increased $411 million, or 64%, due to the increase in short-term interest rates, higher average interest-earning assets, as well as incremental net interest income from the acquisition of tristate capital bank on june 1, 2022. the increase in average interest-earning assets was primarily driven by significant growth in sbl and residential mortgage loans, as well as higher average corporate loans and available-for-sale securities. the bank segment net interest margin increased to 2.39% from 1.95% for the prior year. as part of our acquisition of tristate capital, we recorded fair value adjustments of $145 million related to loans and $118 million related to available-for-sale securities, which will generally accrete into net interest income over 4 years and 7 years, respectively, exclusive of the impact of prepayments. we anticipate the bank segment's net interest income in our fiscal 2023 will benefit from a full year's impact of tristate capital bank's results and the fed's short-term interest rate increases enacted toward the end of fiscal 2022 and in november 2022, and expect the bank segment net interest margin to approximate 3.15% for the fiscal first quarter of 2023. in addition, given that a significant portion of our interest-earning assets are sensitive to changes in short-term interest rates, we expect our net interest income to also be favorably impacted by any additional increases in short-term interest rates that may occur.
the bank loan provision for credit losses was $100 million for the current year, compared with a benefit for credit losses of $32 million for the prior year. the current-year provision included the impacts of loan growth at raymond james bank and a weaker macroeconomic outlook, as well as an initial provision for credit losses of $26 million recorded on loans acquired as part of the tristate capital acquisition. the prior year benefit largely reflected improved economic forecasts used in our
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis current expected credit losses ("cecl") model at that time, as well as improved credit ratings within our corporate loan portfolio, partially offset by the impact of loan growth. we expect to continue to grow our bank loan portfolio. net loan growth should result in additional provisions for credit losses and future economic deterioration could result in elevated bank loan provisions for credit losses in future periods.
compensation expenses increased $33 million, or 65%, primarily reflecting incremental compensation expenses of tristate capital bank.
non-compensation expenses, excluding the bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses, increased $232 million, or 81%, primarily due to an increase in rjbdp and other fees paid to pcg, incremental expenses associated with tristate capital bank (including a $5 million initial provision for credit losses on tristate capital bank's unfunded lending commitments and amortization of intangible assets), and a provision for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments unrelated to the acquisition compared with a benefit for the prior year. rjbdp fees to pcg increased $174 million, or 95%, due to an increase in short-term interest rates as well as an increase in client cash swept to raymond james bank as part of the rjbdp. as described in "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group", our bank segment pays servicing fees to our pcg segment for the administrative services provided related to our clients' deposits that are swept to our bank segment as part of the rjbdp. these servicing fees are variable in nature and fluctuate based on client cash balances in the program, as well as the level of short-term interest rates and the interest paid to clients on balances in the rjbdp. as the yield from third-party banks in the program continues to rise, the rjbdp servicing costs paid by our bank segment to our pcg segment will also increase to reflect the market rate. these fees to pcg are eliminated in the computation of our consolidated results.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2021 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2021 results compared to fiscal 2020.
results of operations - other this segment includes our private equity investments, which predominantly consist of investments in third-party funds, interest income on certain corporate cash balances, certain acquisition-related expenses, primarily comprised of professional fees, and certain corporate overhead costs of rjf that are not allocated to other segments, including the interest costs on our public debt and any losses on extinguishment of such debt. the other segment also includes the reduction in workforce expenses that occurred in fiscal 2020 in response to the economic environment at that time. for an overview of our other segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
losses on extinguishment of debt                                    -                          98                           -                      (100)      %                            nm reduction in workforce expenses                                     -                           -                          46                          -      %                  (100)      %
the pre-tax loss of $191 million was $55 million lower than the loss in the prior year.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis net revenues decreased $42 million, primarily due to lower private equity gains compared with the prior year. private equity gains in fiscal 2022 totaled $9 million, of which an insignificant amount was attributable to noncontrolling interests. the prior year included $74 million of private equity valuation gains, of which $25 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests and were offset within other expenses. offsetting the negative impact of the lower private equity gains, interest income increased compared with the prior year, largely due to the increase in short-term interest rates, and interest expense decreased due to lower interest expense on senior notes payable compared with the prior year, as a result of refinancing such notes at a lower interest rate.
non-interest expenses decreased $97 million, or 41%, primarily due to losses on extinguishment of debt in the prior year related to the early-redemption our $250 million of 5.625% senior notes due 2024 and our $500 million of 3.625% senior notes due 2026, as well as the aforementioned decrease in amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in professional fees associated with acquisition activities, primarily associated with our current-year acquisitions of charles stanley, tristate capital, and sumridge partners, as well as higher executive compensation expenses due to the increase in earnings.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2021 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2021 results compared to fiscal 2020.
statement of financial condition analysis the assets on our consolidated statements of financial condition consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents, assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash (primarily segregated for the benefit of clients), receivables including bank loans, financial instruments held either for trading purposes or as investments, goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, and other assets.  a significant portion of our assets were liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business.
total assets of $80.95 billion as of september 30, 2022 were $19.06 billion, or 31%, greater than our total assets as of september 30, 2021. our acquisition of tristate capital during fiscal year 2022 brought significant amounts of assets and liabilities onto our balance sheet, including, as of september 30, 2022, $12.13 billion of bank loans, net, $1.55 billion of available-for-sale securities, and $721 million in goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net. bank loans, net also increased due to $6.12 billion in loan growth unrelated to the acquisition of tristate capital, consisting of increases in corporate, residential, and securities-based loans. the acquisition of charles stanley during fiscal year 2022 contributed, as of september 30, 2022, $2.14 billion in assets segregated for regulatory purposes, as well as $201 million in goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net. our acquisition of sumridge partners contributed, as of september 30, 2022, $715 million in trading assets, $277 million in other receivables, net, and $152 million in goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net. deferred tax assets, net increased $325 million as a result of the decline in fair value of our available-for-sale securities portfolio primarily due to market conditions. offsetting these increases were decreases in assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash, primarily due to a shift in client cash balances from our cip, which is held at rj&a and impacts our segregated assets, to our bank segment through the rjbdp. cash and cash equivalents decreased $1.02 billion primarily due to acquisition, dividend, and share repurchase activities. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on our acquisitions.
as of september 30, 2022, our total liabilities of $71.52 billion were $17.93 billion, or 33%, greater than our total liabilities as of september 30, 2021. the increase in total liabilities was primarily due to an increase in bank deposits of $18.86 billion, which includes $13.17 billion as a result of our acquisition of tristate capital, as well as an increase in bank deposits unrelated to the acquisition of $5.69 billion, largely due to growth in rjbdp cash balances swept to raymond james bank. trading liabilities increased $660 million, primarily due to our acquisition of sumridge partners. other borrowings increased $433 million, primarily reflecting the additional fhlb borrowings and subordinated note of tristate capital. offsetting these increases was a decrease in brokerage client payables related to the aforementioned shift in client cash balances from our cip (included in brokerage client payables) to our bank segment through the rjbdp (included in bank deposits), partially offset by an increase in brokerage client payables of $2.30 billion as a result of our acquisition of charles stanley.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital are essential to our business. the primary goal of our liquidity management activities is to ensure adequate funding to conduct our business over a range of economic and market environments. we seek to manage capital levels to support execution of our business strategy, provide financial strength to our subsidiaries, and maintain sustained access to the capital markets, while at the same time meeting our regulatory capital requirements and conservative internal management targets.
liquidity and capital resources are provided primarily through our business operations and financing activities.  financing activities could include bank borrowings, collateralized financing arrangements or additional capital raising activities under our "universal" shelf registration statement. we believe our existing assets, most of which are liquid in nature, together with funds generated from operations and available from committed and uncommitted financing facilities, provide adequate funds for continuing operations at current levels of activity in the short-term. we also believe that we will be able to continue to meet our long-term cash requirements due to our strong financial position and ability to access capital from financial markets.
liquidity and capital management senior management establishes our liquidity and capital management frameworks. our liquidity and capital management frameworks are overseen by the rjf asset and liability committee, a senior management committee that develops and executes strategies and policies to manage our liquidity risk and interest rate risk, as well as provides oversight over the firm's investments. the liquidity management framework includes senior management's review of short- and long-term cash flow forecasts, review of capital expenditures, monitoring of the availability of alternative sources of financing, and daily monitoring of liquidity in our significant subsidiaries. our decisions on the allocation of resources to our business units consider, among other factors, projected profitability, cash flow, risk, and future liquidity needs. our treasury department assists in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our financial condition and liquidity, and also maintains our relationships with various lenders. the objective of our liquidity management framework is to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity.
our capital planning and capital risk management processes are governed by the capital planning committee ("cpc"), a senior management committee that provides oversight on our capital planning and ensures that our strategic planning and risk management processes are integrated into the capital planning process. the cpc meets at least quarterly to review key metrics related to the firm's capital, such as debt structure and capital ratios; to analyze potential and emerging risks to capital; to oversee our annual firmwide capital stress test; and to propose capital actions to the board of directors, such as declaring dividends, repurchasing securities, and raising capital. to ensure that we have sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses, the firm adheres to capital risk appetite statements and tolerances set in excess of regulatory minimums, which are established by the cpc and approved by the board of directors. we conduct enterprise-wide capital stress testing to ensure that we maintain adequate capital to adhere to our established tolerances under multiple scenarios, including a stressed scenario.
capital structure common equity (i.e., common stock, additional paid-in capital, and retained earnings) is the primary component of our capital structure. common equity allows for the absorption of losses on an ongoing basis and for the conservation of resources during stress periods, as it provides rjf with discretion on the amount and timing of dividends and other capital actions. information about our common equity is included in the consolidated statements of financial condition, the consolidated statements of changes in shareholders' equity, and note 20 of this form 10-k.
under regulatory capital rules applicable to us as a bank holding company, we are required to maintain minimum leverage ratios (defined as tier 1 capital divided by adjusted average assets), as well as minimum ratios of tier 1 capital, common equity tier 1 ("cet1"), and total capital to risk-weighted assets. these capital ratios incorporate quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under the regulatory capital rules and are subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk-weightings, and other factors. we calculate these ratios in order to assess compliance with both regulatory requirements and internal capital policies. in order to maintain our ability to take certain capital actions, including dividends and common equity repurchases, and to make bonus payments, we must hold a capital conservation buffer above our minimum risk-based capital requirements. see note 24 for further information about our regulatory capital and related capital ratios.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents the components of rjf's regulatory capital used to calculate the aforementioned regulatory capital ratios.
common equity tier 1 capital/tier 1 capital common stock and related additional paid-in capital                                                   $2,989
less: goodwill and other intangibles, net of related deferred tax liabilities                        (1,805)
other adjustments                                                                                        847
common equity tier 1 capital                                                                           8,380
additional tier 1 capital (preferred equity of $120, net $20 of other items)                             100
tier 1 capital                                                                                         8,480
tier 2 capital tier 2 capital instruments plus related surplus                                                          100
tier 2 capital                                                                                           551
total capital                                                                                         $9,031
the following table presents rjf's risk-weighted assets by exposure type used to calculate the aforementioned regulatory capital ratios.
high volatility commercial real estate exposures                                                   128
off-balance sheet:
standby letters of credit                                                                           62
commitments with original maturity of 1 year or less                                                98
other off-balance sheet items                                                                      423
market risk-weighted assets                                                                      3,063
total standardized risk-weighted assets                                                        $44,176
cash flows cash and cash equivalents (excluding amounts segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash) decreased $1.02 billion to $6.18 billion during the year ended september 30, 2022, primarily due to investments in bank loans and available-for-sale securities. in addition, we completed our acquisitions of charles stanley, tristate capital, and sumridge partners for total cash consideration of $1.17 billion (including a $125 million note issued to tristate capital prior to the acquisition) during the year ended september 30, 2022. offsetting these cash outflows were the impacts of an increase in bank deposits, cash received from the sale of u.s. treasury securities ("u.s. treasuries") previously segregated for regulatory purposes, as well as positive net income during the period.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis sources of liquidity approximately $1.91 billion of our total september 30, 2022 cash and cash equivalents included cash held at rjf, the parent company, which included cash loaned to rj&a. these amounts include the impact of significant dividends from rj&a during the year ended september 30, 2022, as well as dividends from other rjf subsidiaries. as of september 30, 2022, rjf had loaned $1.30 billion to rj&a (such amount is included in the rj&a cash balance in the following table), which rj&a has invested on behalf of rjf in cash and cash equivalents or otherwise deployed in its normal business activities.
the following table presents our holdings of cash and cash equivalents.
tristate capital bank                                          532
raymond james capital services, llc                            243
raymond james investment management                             87
rjf maintained depository accounts at raymond james bank with a balance of $260 million as of september 30, 2022. the portion of this total that was available on demand without restrictions, which amounted to $230 million as of september 30, 2022, is reflected in the rjf cash balance and excluded from raymond james bank's cash balance in the preceding table.
a large portion of the cash and cash equivalents balances at our non-u.s subsidiaries, including rj ltd., as of september 30, 2022 was held to meet regulatory requirements and was not available for use by the parent.
in addition to the cash balances described, we have various other potential sources of cash available to the parent company from subsidiaries, as described in the following section.
certain of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the requirements of the uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) under the securities and exchange act of 1934. as a member firm of finra, rj&a is subject to finra's capital requirements, which are substantially the same as rule 15c3-1. rule 15c3-1 provides for an "alternative net capital requirement," which rj&a has elected. regulations require that minimum net capital, as defined, be equal to the greater of $1.5 million or 2% of aggregate debit items arising from client balances. in addition, covenants in rj&a's committed financing facilities require its net capital to be a minimum of 10% of aggregate debit items. at september 30, 2022, rj&a significantly exceeded the minimum regulatory requirements, the covenants in its financing arrangements pertaining to net capital, as well as its internally-targeted net capital tolerances, despite significant dividends to rjf during the year ended september 30, 2022. finra may impose certain restrictions, such as restricting withdrawals of equity capital, if a member firm were to fall below a certain threshold or fail to meet minimum net capital requirements which may result in rj&a limiting dividends it would otherwise remit to rjf. we evaluate regulatory requirements, loan covenants and certain internal tolerances when determining the amount of liquidity available to rjf from rj&a.
raymond james bank may pay dividends to rjf without prior approval of its regulator as long as the dividends do not exceed the sum of its current calendar year and the previous two calendar years' retained net income, and it maintains its targeted regulatory capital ratios.  dividends may be limited to the extent that capital is needed to support balance sheet growth.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis borrowings and financing arrangements committed financing arrangements our ability to borrow is dependent upon compliance with the conditions in our various loan agreements and, in the case of secured borrowings, collateral eligibility requirements. our committed financing arrangements primarily consist of a tri-party repurchase agreement (i.e., securities sold under agreements to repurchase) and, in the case of our $500 million revolving credit facility agreement (the "credit facility"), an unsecured line of credit. the required market value of the collateral associated with the tri-party repurchase agreement ranges from 105% to 125% of the amount financed.
the following table presents our most significant committed financing arrangements with third-party lenders, which we generally utilize to finance a portion of our fixed income trading instruments held by rj&a, and the outstanding balances related thereto.
$ in millions                                         rj&amp;a                                  rjf                                      total                       total number of arrangements financing arrangement:
our committed unsecured financing arrangement in the preceding table represents our credit facility, which provides for maximum borrowings of up to $500 million, with a sublimit of $300 million for rjf. rj&a may borrow up to $500 million under the credit facility, depending on the amount of outstanding borrowings by rjf. the variable rate facility fee on our credit facility, which is applied to the committed amount, decreased to 0.150% per annum as of september 30, 2022 from 0.175% per annum as of september 30, 2021, as a result of moody's investor services ("moody's") upgrade of our credit ratings in february 2022. for additional details on our issuer and senior long-term debt ratings see our credit ratings table within this section below. for additional details on our committed unsecured financing arrangement, see our discussion of the credit facility in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
uncommitted financing arrangements our uncommitted financing arrangements are in the form of secured lines of credit, secured bilateral or tri-party repurchase agreements, or unsecured lines of credit. our arrangements with third-party lenders are generally utilized to finance a portion of our fixed income securities held by rj&a or for cash management purposes. our uncommitted secured financing arrangements generally require us to post collateral in excess of the amount borrowed and are generally collateralized by rj&a-owned securities or by securities that we have received as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements (i.e., securities purchased under agreements to resell). as of september 30, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings under four uncommitted secured borrowing arrangements out of a total of 12 uncommitted financing arrangements (eight uncommitted secured and four uncommitted unsecured). however, lenders are under no contractual obligation to lend to us under uncommitted credit facilities.
the following table presents our borrowings on uncommitted financing arrangements, which were in the form of repurchase agreements in rj&a and were included in "collateralized financings" on our consolidated statements of financial condition.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the average daily balance outstanding during the five most recent quarters, the maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter and the period-end balances for repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are detailed in the following table.
repurchase transactions                                                                    reverse repurchase transactions for the quarter ended:($ in millions)             average daily                      maximum month-end                    end of period        average daily                         maximum month-end                       end of period balance                    balance outstanding                          balance              balance                       balance outstanding                             balance outstanding                     during the quarter                      outstanding          outstanding                        during the quarter                         outstanding september 30, 2022                                  $196                                 $294                               $294                 $249                                    $367                                  $367
other borrowings and collateralized financings we had $1.19 billion in fhlb borrowings outstanding at september 30, 2022, comprised of floating-rate and fixed-rate advances. we use interest rate swaps to manage the risk of increases in interest rates associated with the majority of these advances. see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings. at september 30, 2022, we had pledged $6.58 billion of residential mortgage loans and $1.43 billion of cre loans with the fhlb as security for the repayment of these borrowings and had an additional $5.22 billion in immediate credit available based on collateral pledged. as of september 30, 2022, with a pledge of additional collateral, we would have additional credit available from certain fhlb member banks.
a portion of our fixed income transactions are cleared and executed through a third-party clearing organization, which provides financing for the purchase of trading instruments to support such transactions. the amount of financing is based on the amount of trading inventory financed, as well as any deposits held at the clearing organization. amounts outstanding under this financing arrangement, which are collateralized by a portion of our trading inventory and accrue interest based on market rates, are included in "other payables" in our consolidated statements of financial condition. while we had borrowings outstanding as of september 30, 2022, the clearing organization is under no contractual obligation to lend to us under this arrangement.
we are eligible to participate in the federal reserve's discount window program; however, we do not view borrowings from the federal reserve as a primary source of funding.  the credit available in this program is subject to periodic review, may be terminated or reduced at the discretion of the federal reserve, and is secured by certain pledged c&i loans.
as part of the acquisition of tristate capital, we assumed, as of the closing date, tristate capital's subordinated notes due 2030, with an aggregate principal amount of $98 million. the subordinated notes incur interest at a fixed rate of 5.75% until may 2025 and thereafter at a variable interest rate based on libor, or an appropriate alternative reference rate at the time that libor ceases to be published. we may redeem these subordinated notes beginning in august 2025 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to the redemption date. see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings.
we may act as an intermediary between broker-dealers and other financial institutions whereby we borrow securities from one broker-dealer and then lend them to another. where permitted, we have also loaned, to broker-dealers and other financial institutions, securities owned by clients or the firm.  we account for each of these types of transactions as collateralized agreements and financings, with the outstanding balance of $172 million as of september 30, 2022 related to the securities loaned included in "collateralized financings" on our consolidated statements of financial condition of this form 10-k. see notes 2 and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for more information on our collateralized agreements and financings.
senior notes payable at september 30, 2022, we had aggregate outstanding senior notes payable of $2.04 billion, which, exclusive of any unaccreted premiums or discounts and debt issuance costs, was comprised of $500 million par 4.65% senior notes due 2030, $800 million par 4.95% senior notes due 2046, and $750 million par 3.75% senior notes due 2051. at september 30, 2022, estimated future contractual interest payments on our senior notes were approximately $2 billion, of which $91 million is payable in fiscal 2023, raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis with the remainder extending through 2051.
credit ratings our issuer, senior long-term debt, and preferred stock credit ratings as of the most current report are detailed in the following table.
credit rating rating agency                          fitch ratings, inc.                 moody's                    standard &amp; poor's ratings services issuer and senior long term debt       a-                                  a3                         bbb+
preferred stock                        bb+                                 baa3 (hyb)                 not rated outlook                                stable                              stable                     positive our current credit ratings depend upon a number of factors, including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trends and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, capital structure, overall risk management, business diversification and market share, and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. deterioration in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings.  any rating downgrades could increase our costs in the event we were to obtain additional financing.
should our credit rating be downgraded prior to a public debt offering, it is probable that we would have to offer a higher rate of interest to bond holders.  a downgrade to below investment grade may make a public debt offering difficult to execute on terms we would consider to be favorable.  a downgrade below investment grade could result in the termination of certain derivative contracts and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. a credit downgrade could damage our reputation and result in certain counterparties limiting their business with us, result in negative comments by analysts, potentially negatively impact investors' and/or clients' perception of us, and cause a decline in our stock price. none of our borrowing arrangements contains a condition or event of default related to our credit ratings. however, a credit downgrade would result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on the credit facility, in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on that line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. conversely, an improvement in rjf's current credit rating could have a favorable impact on the facility fee, as well as the interest rate applicable to any borrowings on such line.
other sources and uses of liquidity we have company-owned life insurance policies which are utilized to fund certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans. certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans are employee-directed while others are company-directed. of the company-owned life insurance policies which fund these plans, certain policies could be used as a source of liquidity for the firm. those policies against which we could readily borrow had a cash surrender value of $733 million as of september 30, 2022, comprised of $467 million related to employee-directed plans and $266 million related to company-directed plans, and we were able to borrow up to 90%, or $660 million, of the september 30, 2022 total without restriction.  to effect any such borrowing, the underlying investments would be converted to money market investments, therefore requiring us to take market risk related to the employee-directed plans. there were no borrowings outstanding against any of these policies as of september 30, 2022.
on may 12, 2021, we filed a "universal" shelf registration statement with the sec pursuant to which we can issue debt, equity and other capital instruments if and when necessary or perceived by us to be opportune. subject to certain conditions, this registration statement will be effective through may 12, 2024.
as part of our ongoing operations, we also enter into contractual arrangements that may require future cash payments, including certificates of deposit, lease obligations and other contractual arrangements, such as for software and various services. see notes 14 and 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our lease obligations and certificates of deposit, respectively. we have entered into investment commitments, lending commitments and other commitments to extend credit for which we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of future payments. see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis regulatory refer to the discussion of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the impact on our operations of certain rules and regulations in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k.
rjf and many of its subsidiaries are each subject to various regulatory capital requirements. as of september 30, 2022, all of our active regulated domestic and international subsidiaries had net capital in excess of minimum requirements. in addition, rjf, raymond james bank, and tristate capital bank were categorized as "well-capitalized" as of september 30, 2022. the maintenance of certain risk-based and other regulatory capital levels could influence various capital allocation decisions impacting one or more of our businesses.  however, due to the current capital position of rjf and its regulated subsidiaries, we do not anticipate these capital requirements will have a negative impact on our future business activities. see note 24 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on regulatory capital requirements.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during any reporting period in our consolidated financial statements. management has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure the appropriateness of such estimates and assumptions and their consistent application from period to period. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
due to their nature, estimates involve judgment based upon available information. actual results or amounts could differ from estimates and the difference could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. therefore, understanding these critical accounting estimates is important in understanding our reported results of operations and financial position. we believe that of our accounting estimates and assumptions, those described in the following sections involve a high degree of judgment and complexity.
loss provisions loss provisions for legal and regulatory matters the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal and regulatory matters is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing such accruals, see the "contingent liabilities" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. in addition, refer to note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding legal and regulatory matter contingencies as of september 30, 2022.
allowance for credit losses we evaluate certain of our financial assets, including bank loans, to estimate an allowance for credit losses based on expected credit losses over a financial asset's lifetime. the remaining life of our financial assets is determined by considering contractual terms and expected prepayments, among other factors. we use multiple methodologies in estimating an allowance for credit losses and our approaches differ by type of financial asset and the risk characteristics within each financial asset type. our estimates are based on ongoing evaluations of our financial assets, the related credit risk characteristics, and the overall economic and environmental conditions affecting the financial assets. our process for determining the allowance for credit losses includes a complex analysis of several quantitative and qualitative factors requiring significant management judgment due to matters that are inherently uncertain. this uncertainty can produce volatility in our allowance for credit losses. in addition, the allowance for credit losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. in such an event, any losses in excess of our allowance would result in a decrease in our net income, as well as a decrease in the level of regulatory capital.
we generally estimate the allowance for credit losses on bank loans using credit risk models which incorporate relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. after testing the reasonableness of a variety of economic forecast scenarios, each model is run using a single forecast scenario selected for each model. our forecasts incorporate assumptions related to macroeconomic indicators including, but not limited to, u.s. gross domestic product, equity market indices, unemployment rates, and commercial real estate and residential home price indices.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis to demonstrate the sensitivity of credit loss estimates on our bank loan portfolio to macroeconomic forecasts, we compared our modeled estimates under the base case economic scenario used to estimate the allowance for credit losses as of september 30, 2022, to what our estimate would have been under a downside case scenario and an upside scenario, without considering any offsetting effects in the qualitative component of our allowance for credit losses as of september 30, 2022. as of september 30, 2022, use of the downside case scenario would have resulted in an increase of approximately $135 million in the quantitative portion of our allowance for credit losses on bank loans, while the use of the upside case would have resulted in a reduction of approximately $25 million in the quantitative portion of our allowance for credit losses on bank loans at september 30, 2022. these hypothetical outcomes reflect the relative sensitivity of the modeled portion of our allowance estimate to macroeconomic forecasted scenarios but do not consider any potential impact qualitative adjustments could have on the allowance for credit losses in such environments. qualitative adjustments could either increase or decrease modeled loss estimates calculated using an alternative economic scenario assumption. further, such sensitivity calculations do not necessarily reflect the nature and extent of future changes in the related allowance for a number of reasons including: (1) management's predictions of future economic trends and relationships among the scenarios may differ from actual events; and (2) management's application of subjective measures to modeled results through the qualitative portion of the allowance for credit losses when appropriate. the downside case scenario utilized in this hypothetical sensitivity analysis assumes a moderate recession. to the extent macroeconomic conditions worsen beyond those assumed in this downside case scenario, we could incur provisions for credit losses significantly in excess of those estimated in this analysis.
see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our allowance for credit losses related to bank loans as of september 30, 2022.
business combinations we generally account for our acquisitions as business combinations under gaap, using the acquisition method of accounting, whereby the assets acquired, including separately identifiable intangible assets, and liabilities assumed are recorded at their acquisition-date estimated fair values. any excess purchase consideration over the acquisition-date fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. the acquisition method requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. significant judgment is also required in estimating the fair value of identifiable intangible assets and in assigning the useful lives of the definite-lived identifiable intangible assets, which impact the periods over which amortization of those assets is recognized. accordingly, we typically obtain the assistance of third-party valuation specialists. the fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on future expectations and assumptions deemed reasonable by management, but are inherently uncertain as they pertain to forward-looking views of our businesses, client behavior, and market conditions. we consider the income, market and cost approaches and place reliance on the approach or approaches deemed most appropriate to estimate the fair value of intangible assets. significant estimates and assumptions inherent in the valuations reflect a consideration of other marketplace participants and include the amount and timing of future cash flows (including expected growth rates and profitability) and the discount rate applied to the cash flows. unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur that could affect the accuracy or validity of the estimates and assumptions.
during the year ended september 30, 2022, our acquisitions of charles stanley, tristate capital, and sumridge partners required us to make estimates and assumptions in determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, the most significant being related to the valuation of bank loans and the core deposit intangible asset in the tristate capital acquisition and the customer relationship asset in the charles stanley acquisition. in determining the estimated fair value of bank loans acquired as part of the tristate capital acquisition, management used a discounted cash flow methodology that considered loan type and related collateral, credit loss expectations, classification status, market interest rates and other market factors from the perspective of a market participant. loans were segregated into specific pools according to similar characteristics, including risk, interest rate type (i.e., fixed or floating), underlying benchmark rate, and payment type and were treated in the aggregate when determining the fair value of each pool. the discount rates were derived using a build-up method inclusive of the weighted average cost of funding, estimated servicing costs and an adjustment for liquidity and then compared to current origination rates and other relevant market data. the fair value of the core deposit intangible asset was estimated using a discounted cash flow approach, specifically the favorable source of funds method, that considered the servicing and interest costs of the acquired deposit base, an estimate of the cost associated with alternative funding sources, expected client attrition rates, deposit growth rates, and a discount rate. the fair values of customer relationships were estimated using a multi-period excess earnings approach that considered future period post-tax earnings, as well as a discount rate.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis refer to note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for more information on our valuation methods and the results of applying the acquisition method of accounting, including the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and, where relevant, the estimated remaining useful lives.
recent accounting developments in march 2022, the financial accounting standards board issued new guidance related to troubled debt restructurings and disclosures regarding write-offs of financing receivables (asu 2022-02), amending guidance related to the measurement of credit losses on financial instruments (asu 2016-13). the amendment eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings for creditors, but requires enhanced disclosures for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, and requires disclosure of current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables. this new guidance is effective for our fiscal year beginning on october 1, 2023 and will be applied on a prospective basis. although permitted, we do not plan to early adopt. we do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations.
risk management risks are an inherent part of our business and activities. management of risk is critical to our fiscal soundness and profitability. our risk management processes are multi-faceted and require communication, judgment and knowledge of financial products and markets. we have a formal enterprise risk management ("erm") program to assess and review aggregate risks across the firm. our management takes an active role in the erm process, which requires specific administrative and business functions to participate in the identification, assessment, monitoring and control of various risks.
the principal risks related to our business activities are market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, and compliance.
governance our board of directors, including its audit and risk committee, oversees the firm's management and mitigation of risk, reinforcing a culture that encourages ethical conduct and risk management throughout the firm.  senior management communicates and reinforces this culture through three lines of risk management and a number of senior-level management committees.  our first line of risk management, which includes all of our businesses, owns its risks and is responsible for identifying, mitigating, and escalating risks arising from its day-to-day activities.  the second line of risk management, which includes compliance and risk management, advises our client-facing businesses and other first-line functions in identifying, assessing, and mitigating risk. the second line of risk management tests and monitors the effectiveness of controls, as deemed necessary, and escalates risks when appropriate to senior management and the board of directors.  the third line of risk management, internal audit, independently reviews activities conducted by the previous lines of risk management to assess their management and mitigation of risk, providing additional assurance to the board of directors and senior management, with a view toward enhancing our oversight, management, and mitigation of risk. our legal department provides legal advice and guidance to each of these three lines of risk management.
market risk market risk is our risk of loss resulting from the impact of changes in market prices on our trading inventory, derivatives, and investment positions. we have exposure to market risk primarily through our broker-dealer trading operations and our banking operations. through our broker-dealer subsidiaries we trade debt obligations and equity securities and maintain trading inventories to ensure availability of securities and to facilitate client transactions. inventory levels may fluctuate daily as a result of client demand. we also hold investments within our available-for-sale securities portfolio, and from time-to-time may hold sba loan securitizations not yet transferred. our primary market risks relate to interest rates, equity prices, and foreign exchange rates. interest rate risk results from changes in levels of interest rates, the volatility of interest rates, mortgage prepayment speeds and credit spreads. equity risk results from changes in prices of equity securities. foreign exchange risk results from changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatility of foreign exchange rates. see notes 2, 4, 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for fair value and other information regarding our trading inventories, available-for-sale securities, and derivative instruments.
we regularly enter into underwriting commitments and, as a result, we may be subject to market risk on any unsold shares issued in the offerings to which we are committed. risk exposure is controlled by limiting our participation, the transaction size, or through the syndication process.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the market risk management department is responsible for measuring, monitoring, and reporting market risks associated with the firm's trading and derivative portfolios. while market risk management maintains ongoing communication with the revenue-generating business units, it is independent of such units.
interest rate risk trading activities we are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our trading inventory (primarily comprised of fixed income instruments) in our capital markets segment. changes in value of our trading inventory may result from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, macroeconomic factors, investor expectations or risk appetites, liquidity, as well as dynamic relationships among these factors. we actively manage interest rate risk arising from our fixed income trading inventory through the use of hedging strategies utilizing u.s. treasuries, futures contracts, liquid spread products and derivatives.
our primary method for controlling risks within trading inventories is through the use of dollar-based and exposure-based limits. a hierarchy of limits exists at multiple levels, including firm, business unit, desk (e.g., for equities, corporate bonds, municipal bonds), product sub-type (e.g., below-investment-grade positions) and, at times, at the individual position. for derivative positions, which are primarily comprised of interest rate swaps, we have established limits based on a number of factors, including interest rate, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, spread, ratio, basis, and volatility risk. trading positions and derivatives are monitored against these limits through daily reports that are distributed to senior management. during volatile markets, we may temporarily reduce limits and/or choose to pare our trading inventories to reduce risk.
we monitor value-at-risk ("var") for all of our trading portfolios on a daily basis for risk management purposes and as a result of applying the fed's market risk rule ("mrr") for the purpose of calculating our capital ratios. the mrr, also known as the "risk-based capital guidelines: market risk" rule released by the fed, the occ and the fdic, requires us to calculate var for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income, equity, derivatives, and foreign exchange instruments. var is an appropriate statistical technique for estimating potential losses in trading portfolios due to typical adverse market movements over a specified time horizon with a suitable confidence level.  however, there are inherent limitations of utilizing var including: historical movements in markets may not accurately predict future market movements; var does not take into account the liquidity of individual positions; var does not estimate losses over longer time horizons; and extended periods of one-directional markets potentially distort risks within the portfolio. in addition, should markets become more volatile, actual trading losses may exceed var results presented on a single day and might accumulate over a longer time horizon. as a result, management complements var with sensitivity analysis and stress testing and employs additional controls such as a daily review of trading results, review of aged inventory, independent review of pricing, monitoring of concentrations and review of issuer ratings.
to calculate var, we use models which incorporate historical simulation. this approach assumes that historical changes in market conditions, such as in interest rates and equity prices, are representative of future changes. simulation is based on daily market data for the previous twelve months. var is reported at a 99% confidence level for a one-day time horizon. assuming that future market conditions change as they have in the past twelve months, we would expect to incur losses greater than those predicted by our one-day var estimates about once every 100 trading days, or about three times per year on average. for regulatory capital calculation purposes, we also report var and stressed var numbers for a ten-day time horizon. the var model is independently reviewed by our model risk management function. see the "model risk" section that follows for further information.
the modeling of the risk characteristics of trading positions involves a number of assumptions and approximations that management believes to be reasonable. however, there is no uniform industry methodology for estimating var, and different assumptions or approximations could produce materially different var estimates. as a result, var results are more reliable when used as indicators of risk levels and trends within a firm than as a basis for inferring differences in risk-taking across firms.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table sets forth the high, low, period-end and average daily one-day var for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income and equity instruments, and for our derivatives for the periods and dates indicated.
average daily var was lower during the year ended september 30, 2022 compared with the year ended september 30, 2021 due to the impact of scenarios of elevated volatility as a result of the covid-19 pandemic (which commenced in march 2020) on our var model during the prior year. period-end var increased as of september 30, 2022 as a result of increased market volatility in september 2022, as well as the addition of the sumridge partners trading inventory.
the fed's mrr requires us to perform daily back-testing procedures for our var model, whereby we compare each day's projected var to its regulatory-defined daily trading losses, which exclude fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income and intraday trading. regulatory-defined daily trading losses are used to evaluate the performance of our var model and are not comparable to our actual daily net revenues. based on these daily "ex ante" versus "ex post" comparisons, we determine whether the number of times that regulatory-defined daily trading losses exceed var is consistent with our expectations at a 99% confidence level. during the year ended september 30, 2022, our regulatory-defined daily losses in our trading portfolios exceeded our predicted var on ten occasions primarily due to the volatility and market uncertainty related to the fed's short-term interest rate increases.
separately, rjf provides additional market risk disclosures to comply with the mrr, including 10-day var and 10-day stressed var, which are available on our website at https://www.raymondjames.com/investor-relations/financial-information/filings-and-reports within "other reports and information."
banking operations our bank segment maintains an interest-earning asset portfolio that is comprised of cash, sbl, c&i loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, reit loans, and tax-exempt loans, as well as securities held in the available-for-sale securities portfolio.  these interest-earning assets are primarily funded by client deposits.  based on the current asset portfolio, our banking operations are subject to interest rate risk. we analyze interest rate risk based on forecasted net interest income, which is the net amount of interest received and interest paid, and the net portfolio valuation, both across a range of interest rate scenarios.
one of the objectives of the asset and liability committee is to manage the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market interest rates. this committee uses several measures to monitor and limit interest rate risk in our banking operations, including scenario analysis and economic value of equity. we utilize a hedging strategy using interest rate swaps in our banking operations as a result of our asset and liability management process. for further information regarding this hedging strategy, see notes 2 and 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
to ensure that we remain within the tolerances established for net interest income, a sensitivity analysis of net interest income to interest rate conditions is estimated under a variety of scenarios. we use simulation models and estimation techniques to assess the sensitivity of net interest income to movements in interest rates. the model estimates the sensitivity by calculating interest income and interest expense in a dynamic balance sheet environment using current repricing, prepayment, and reinvestment of cash flow assumptions over a 12-month time horizon. assumptions used in the model include interest rate movement, the slope of the yield curve, and balance sheet composition and growth. the model also considers interest rate-related risks such as pricing spreads, pricing of client cash accounts, and prepayments. various interest rate scenarios are modeled in order to determine the effect those scenarios may have on net interest income.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table is an analysis of our banking operations' estimated net interest income over a 12-month period based on instantaneous shifts in interest rates (expressed in basis points) using our previously described asset/liability model, which assumes a dynamic balance sheet and that interest rates do not decline below zero. while not presented, additional rate scenarios are performed, including interest rate ramps and yield curve shifts that may more realistically mimic the speed of potential interest rate movements. we also perform simulations on time horizons of up to five years to assess longer-term impacts to various interest rate scenarios. on a quarterly basis, we test expected model results to actual performance. additionally, any changes made to key assumptions in the model are documented and approved by the asset and liability committee.
instantaneous changes in rate (1)              net interest income($ in millions)   projected change in net interest income
(1) our 0-basis point scenario was based on interest rates as of september 30, 2022 and did not include the impact of the fed's november 2022 increase in short-term interest rates.
refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - net interest analysis" of this form 10-k for a discussion of the impact changes in short-term interest rates could have on the consolidated firm's operations.
the following table shows the maturities of our bank loan portfolio at september 30, 2022, including contractual principal repayments.  maturities are generally determined based upon contractual terms; however, rollovers or extensions that are included for the purposes of measuring the allowance for credit losses are reflected in maturities in the following table. this table does not include any estimates of prepayments, which could shorten the average loan lives and cause the actual timing of the loan repayments to differ significantly from those shown in the table.
the following table shows the distribution of the recorded investment of those bank loans that mature in more than one year between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans at september 30, 2022.
contractual loan terms for sbl, c&i loans, cre loans, reit loans, and residential mortgage loans may include an interest rate floor, cap and/or fixed interest rates for a certain period of time, which would impact the timing of the interest rate reset for the raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis respective loan. see the discussion within the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management - credit risk - risk monitoring process" section of this form 10-k for additional information regarding our interest-only residential mortgage loan portfolio.
in our available-for-sale securities portfolio, we hold primarily fixed-rate agency-backed mbs and agency-backed cmos which are carried at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial condition, with changes in the fair value of the portfolio recorded through oci on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. at september 30, 2022, our available-for-sale securities portfolio had a fair value of $9.89 billion with a weighted-average yield of 1.84%. the effective duration of our available-for-sale securities portfolio as of september 30, 2022 was approximately 3.86, where duration is defined as the approximate percentage change in price for a 100-basis point change in rates. see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on our available-for-sale securities portfolio.
equity price risk we are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our capital markets activities. our broker-dealer activities are generally client-driven, and we carry equity securities as part of our trading inventory to facilitate such activities, although the amounts are not as significant as our fixed income trading inventory.  we attempt to reduce the risk of loss inherent in our inventory of equity securities by monitoring those security positions each day and establishing position limits. equity securities held in our trading inventory are generally included in var.
in addition, we have a private equity portfolio, included in "other investments" on our consolidated statements of financial condition, which is primarily comprised of investments in third-party funds. see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on this portfolio.
foreign exchange risk we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our investments in foreign subsidiaries as well as transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar. for example, our bank loan portfolio includes loans which are denominated in canadian dollars, totaling $1.51 billion and $1.29 billion at september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, when converted to the u.s. dollar. a majority of such loans are held in a canadian subsidiary of raymond james bank, which is discussed in the following sections.
investments in foreign subsidiaries raymond james bank has an investment in a canadian subsidiary, resulting in foreign exchange risk. to mitigate its foreign exchange risk, raymond james bank utilizes short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. these derivatives are primarily accounted for as net investment hedges in the consolidated financial statements. see notes 2 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding these derivatives.
at september 30, 2022, we had foreign exchange risk in our investment in rj ltd. of cad 381 million and in our investment in charles stanley of 272 million, which were not hedged. all of our other investments in subsidiaries located in europe are not hedged and we do not believe we had material foreign exchange risk either individually, or in the aggregate, pertaining to these subsidiaries as of september 30, 2022. foreign exchange gains/losses related to our foreign investments are primarily reflected in oci on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. see note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding our components of oci.
transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our holdings of cash and certain other assets and liabilities resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar. any currency-related gains/losses arising from these foreign currency denominated balances are reflected in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. the foreign exchange risk associated with a portion of such transactions and balances denominated in foreign currency are mitigated utilizing short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. such derivatives are not designated hedges and therefore, the related gains/losses are included in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our derivatives.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis credit risk credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower's, issuer's or counterparty's ability to meet its financial obligations under contractual or agreed-upon terms. the nature and amount of credit risk depends on the type of transaction, the structure and duration of that transaction, and the parties involved. credit risk is an integral component of the profit assessment of lending and other financing activities.
brokerage activities we are engaged in various trading and brokerage activities in which our counterparties primarily include broker-dealers, banks, exchanges, clearing organizations, and other financial institutions. we are exposed to risk that these counterparties may not fulfill their obligations.  in addition, certain commitments, including underwritings, may create exposure to individual issuers and businesses. the risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and/or the issuer of the instrument. in addition, we may be subject to concentration risk if we hold large positions in or have large commitments to a single counterparty, borrower, or group of similar counterparties or borrowers (e.g., in the same industry). we seek to mitigate these risks by imposing and monitoring individual and aggregate position limits within each business segment for each counterparty, conducting regular credit reviews of financial counterparties, reviewing security, derivative and loan concentrations, holding and calculating the fair value of collateral on certain transactions and conducting business through clearing organizations, which may guarantee performance. see notes 2, 6, and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about our credit risk mitigation related to derivatives and collateralized agreements.
our client activities involve the execution, settlement, and financing of various transactions on behalf of our clients. client activities are transacted on either a cash or margin basis. credit exposure results from client margin loans, which are monitored daily and are collateralized by the securities in the clients' accounts. we monitor exposure to industry sectors and individual securities and perform analysis on a daily basis in connection with our margin lending activities. we adjust our margin requirements if we believe our risk exposure is not appropriate based on market conditions. in addition, when clients execute a purchase, we are at some risk that the client will default on their financial obligation associated with the trade. if this occurs, we may have to liquidate the position at a loss. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10k for further information about our determination of the allowance for credit losses associated with certain of our brokerage lending activities.
we offer loans to financial advisors for recruiting and retention purposes. we have credit risk and may incur a loss primarily in the event that such borrower is no longer affiliated with us. see notes 2 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about our loans to financial advisors.
banking activities our bank segment has a substantial loan portfolio.  our strategy for credit risk management related to bank loans includes well-defined credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all credit exposures. the strategy also includes diversification across loan types, geographic location, industry and client level, regular credit examinations and management reviews of all corporate and tax-exempt loans as well as individual delinquent residential loans. the credit risk management process also includes annual independent reviews of the credit risk monitoring process that performs assessments of compliance with credit policies, risk ratings, and other critical credit information. we seek to identify potential problem loans early, record any necessary risk rating changes and charge-offs promptly, and maintain appropriate reserve levels for expected losses. we utilize a thorough credit risk rating system to measure the credit quality of individual corporate and tax-exempt loans and related unfunded lending commitments. for our residential mortgage loans and substantially all of our sbl, we utilize the credit risk rating system used by bank regulators in measuring the credit quality of each homogeneous class of loans. in evaluating credit risk, we consider trends in loan performance, historical experience through various economic cycles, industry or client concentrations, the loan portfolio composition and macroeconomic factors (both current and forecasted). these factors have a potentially negative impact on loan performance and net charge-offs.
while our bank loan portfolio is diversified, a significant downturn in the overall economy, deterioration in real estate values or a significant issue within any sector or sectors where we have a concentration will generally result in large provisions for credit losses and/or charge-offs. we determine the allowance required for specific loan pools based on relative risk characteristics of the loan portfolio. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our methods for determining the allowance for each class of loans and make enhancements we consider appropriate. our allowance for credit losses methodology is described in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. as our bank loan portfolio is segregated into six portfolio segments, raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis likewise, the allowance for credit losses is segregated by these same segments.  the risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows.
sbl: loans in this segment are primarily collateralized by the borrower's marketable securities at advance rates consistent with industry standards and, to a lesser extent, the cash surrender value of life insurance policies issued by an investment-grade insurance company. substantially all sbl are monitored daily for adherence to loan-to-value ("ltv") guidelines and when a loan exceeds the required ltv, a collateral call is issued. past due loans are minimal as any past due amounts result in a notice to the client for payment or the potential sale of the collateral which will bring the loan to a current status. the vast majority of our sbl qualify for the practical expedient allowed under the cecl guidance whereby we estimate zero credit losses to the extent the fair value of the collateral securing the loan equals or exceeds the related carrying value of the loan. sbl also generally qualify for lower capital requirements under regulatory capital rules.
c&i: loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by all assets of the business.  repayment is expected from the cash flows of the respective business.  unfavorable economic and political conditions, including the resultant decrease in consumer or business spending, may have an adverse effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
cre: loans in this segment are primarily secured by income-producing properties.  for owner-occupied properties, the cash flows are derived from the operations of the business, and the underlying cash flows may be adversely affected by the deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business.  the underlying cash flows generated by non-owner-occupied properties may be adversely affected by increased vacancy and rental rates, which are monitored on an ongoing basis.  this portfolio segment includes cre construction loans which involve risks such as project budget overruns, performance variables related to the contractor and subcontractors, or the inability to sell the project or secure permanent financing once the project is completed. with respect to commercial construction of residential developments, there is also the risk that the builder has a geographical concentration of developments. adverse information arising from any of these factors may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
reit: loans in this segment are made to businesses that own or finance income-producing real estate across various property sectors. this portfolio segment may include extensions of credit to companies that engage in real estate development. repayment of these loans is dependent on income generated from real estate properties or the sale of real estate. a portion of this segment may consist of loans secured by residential product types (single-family residential, including condominiums and land held for residential development) within a range of markets. deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business, reductions in the value of real estate, as well as increased vacancy and rental rates may all adversely affect the loans in this segment.
residential mortgage (includes home equity loans/lines): all of our residential mortgage loans adhere to stringent underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of the borrower, ltv, and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans).  we do not originate or purchase adjustable rate mortgage ("arm") loans with negative amortization, reverse mortgages, or loans to subprime borrowers.  loans with deeply discounted teaser rates are also not originated or purchased.  all loans in this segment are collateralized by residential real estate and repayment is primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower.  a decline in the strength of the economy, particularly unemployment rates and housing prices, among other factors, could have a significant effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
tax-exempt: loans in this segment are made to governmental and nonprofit entities and are generally secured by a pledge of revenue and, in some cases, by a security interest in or a mortgage on the asset being financed. for loans to governmental entities, repayment is expected from a pledge of certain revenues or taxes. for nonprofit entities, repayment is expected from revenues which may include fundraising proceeds. these loans are subject to demographic risk, therefore much of the credit assessment of tax-exempt loans is driven by the entity's revenue base and the general economic environment. adverse developments in either of these areas may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the level of charge-off activity is a factor that is considered in evaluating the potential severity of future credit losses. the following table presents net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries and the percentage of net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries to the average outstanding loan balances by loan portfolio segment.
$ in millions                                                net loan (charge-off)/recovery amount (1)                  % of avg.                 net loan (charge-off)/recoveryamount (1)                  % of avg.                 net loan (charge-off)/recoveryamount (1)                  % of avg.
(1)    charge-offs related to loan sales amounted to $4 million, $4 million, and $87 million for the years ended september 30, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
the level of nonperforming assets is another indicator of potential future credit losses. nonperforming assets are comprised of both nonperforming loans and other real estate owned. nonperforming loans include those loans which have been placed on nonaccrual status and certain accruing loans which are 90 days or more past due and in the process of collection. the following table presents the balance of nonperforming loans, nonperforming assets, and related key credit ratios.
nonperforming loans as a % of total loans held for sale and investment                  0.17   %                0.29   %
allowance for credit losses as a % of nonperforming loans                                535   %                 432   %
nonperforming assets as a % of bank segment total assets                                0.13   %                0.20   %
(1) nonperforming loans at september 30, 2022 and september 30, 2021 included $63 million and $61 million of loans, respectively, which were current pursuant to their contractual terms.
the nonperforming loan balances in the preceding table excluded $7 million and $8 million as of september 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of residential troubled debt restructurings which were returned to accrual status in accordance with our policy.
although our nonperforming assets as a percentage of our bank segment's assets remained low as of september 30, 2022, any prolonged period of market deterioration could result in an increase in our nonperforming assets, an increase in our allowance for credit losses and/or an increase in net charge-offs in future periods, although the extent would depend on future developments that are highly uncertain.
see further explanation of our bank loan portfolio segments, allowance for credit losses, and the credit loss provision in notes 2 and 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations - bank" of this form 10-k.
loan underwriting policies a component of our bank segment's credit risk management strategy is conservative, well-defined policies and procedures. our bank segment's underwriting policies for the major types of loans are described in the following sections.
sbl and residential mortgage loan portfolios our residential mortgage loan portfolio largely consists of first mortgage loans originated by us via referrals from our pcg financial advisors and the general public, as well as first mortgage loans purchased by us. substantially all of our residential mortgage loans adhere to strict underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of the borrower, ltv and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans). as of september 30, 2022, approximately 95% of the residential mortgage loan portfolio consisted of owner-occupant borrowers (approximately 75% for their primary residences and 20% for second home residences). approximately 35% of the first lien residential mortgage loans were arm raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis loans, which receive interest-only payments based on a fixed rate for an initial period of the loan and then become fully amortizing, subject to annual and lifetime interest rate caps. a significant portion of our originated 15 or 30-year fixed-rate residential mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market.
our sbl portfolio is primarily comprised of loans fully collateralized by client's marketable securities and represented 35% of our total loans held for sale and investment as of september 30, 2022. the underwriting policy for the sbl portfolio primarily includes a review of collateral, including ltv, and a review of repayment history.
corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios raymond james bank: raymond james bank's corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios were comprised of approximately 500 borrowers, the majority of which are underwritten, managed, and reviewed at our raymond james bank corporate headquarters location, which facilitates close monitoring of the portfolio by credit risk personnel, relationship officers and senior bank executives. approximately half of raymond james bank's corporate borrowers are public companies. a large portion of raymond james bank's corporate loan portfolio is diversified among a number of industries in the u.s and canada and a large portion of these loans are to borrowers in industries in which we have expertise through coverage provided by our capital markets research analysts. raymond james bank's corporate loan portfolio is comprised of project finance real estate loans, commercial lines of credit, and term loans, the majority of which are participations in shared national credit ("snc") or other large syndicated loans. raymond james bank is typically either involved in the syndication loans at inception or purchases loans in secondary trading markets. the remainder of the corporate loan portfolio is comprised of smaller participations and direct loans. there are no subordinated loans or mezzanine financings in the corporate loan portfolio. raymond james bank's tax-exempt loans are long-term loans to governmental and non-profit entities. these loans generally have lower overall credit risk, but are subject to other risks that are not usually present with corporate clients, including the risk associated with the constituency served by a local government and the risk in ensuring an obligation has appropriate tax treatment.
tristate capital bank: tristate capital bank's corporate loan portfolio was comprised of 900 borrowers, all of which are underwritten, managed, and reviewed by credit risk personnel, relationship officers, and senior bank executives. all corporate loans are approved by a committee of senior executives. tristate capital bank primarily targets middle-market businesses with revenues between $5 million and $300 million located within the primary markets of pennsylvania, ohio, new jersey, and new york. each representative office is led by an experienced regional president to understand the unique borrowing needs of the middle-market businesses in the area. they are supported by highly experienced relationship managers who target middle-market business customers and maintain strong credit quality within their loan portfolios. tristate capital bank's loan portfolio is diversified by geography, loan type, and industry and is primarily comprised of project finance real estate loans, commercial lines of credit, and term loans, the majority of which are direct originations.
regardless of the source, all corporate and tax-exempt loans are independently underwritten to our credit policies, are subject to approval by a loan committee, and credit quality is monitored on an ongoing basis by our lending staff. our credit policies include criteria related to ltv limits based upon property type, single borrower loan limits, loan term and structure parameters (including guidance on leverage, debt service coverage ratios and debt repayment ability), industry concentration limits, secondary sources of repayment, municipality demographics, and other criteria. our corporate loans are generally secured by all assets of the borrower and in some instances are secured by mortgages on specific real estate. tax-exempt loans are generally secured by a pledge of revenue. in a limited number of transactions, loans in the portfolio are extended on an unsecured basis. in addition, corporate and tax-exempt loans are subject to regulatory review.
risk monitoring process another component of credit risk strategy for our bank loan portfolio is the ongoing risk monitoring and review processes, including our internal loan review process, as well as our rigorous processes to manage and limit credit losses arising from loan delinquencies.  there are various other factors included in these processes, depending on the loan portfolio.
sbl and residential mortgage loan portfolios substantially all collateral securing our sbl portfolio is monitored on a daily basis. collateral adjustments, as triggered by our monitoring procedures, are made by the borrower as necessary to ensure our loans are adequately secured, resulting in minimizing our credit risk. collateral calls have been minimal relative to our sbl portfolio with no losses incurred to date.
we track and review many factors to monitor credit risk in our residential mortgage loan portfolio. the factors include, but are not limited to: loan performance trends, loan product parameters and qualification requirements, borrower credit scores, level of raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis documentation, loan purpose, geographic concentrations, average loan size, risk rating, and ltv ratios.  see note 8 in the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
the following table presents a summary of delinquent residential mortgage loans, the vast majority of which are first mortgage loans, which are comprised of loans which are two or more payments past due as well as loans in the process of foreclosure.
amount of delinquent residential mortgage loans                                         delinquent residential mortgage loans as a percentage of outstanding residential mortgage loan balances
our september 30, 2022 percentage compares favorably to the national average for over 30 day delinquencies of 2.09%, as most recently reported by the fed.
to manage and limit credit losses, we maintain a rigorous process to manage our loan delinquencies. substantially all of our residential first mortgages are serviced by a third party whereby the primary collection effort resides with the servicer. our personnel direct and actively monitor the servicers' efforts through extensive communications regarding individual loan status changes and through requirements of timely and appropriate collection of property management actions and reporting, including management of third parties used in the collection process (e.g., appraisers, attorneys, etc.). residential mortgage loans over 60 days past due are generally reviewed by our personnel monthly and documented in a written report detailing delinquency information, balances, collection status, appraised value, and other data points. our senior management meets quarterly to discuss the status, collection strategy and charge-off recommendations on substantially all residential mortgage loan over 60 days past due. updated collateral valuations are generally obtained for loans over 90 days past due and charge-offs are typically taken on individual loans based on these valuations.
credit risk is also managed by diversifying the residential mortgage portfolio. most of the loans in our residential loan portfolio are to pcg clients across the u.s. the following table details the geographic concentrations (top five states) of our one-to-four family residential mortgage loans.
loans outstanding as a % of                                    loans outstanding as a % of total residential mortgage loans held for sale and investment                       total loans held for sale and investment ca                                                                      26%                                                             4%
the occurrence of a natural disaster or severe weather event in any of these states, for example wildfires in california and hurricanes in florida, could result in additional credit loss provisions and/or charge-offs on our loans in such states and therefore negatively impact our net income and regulatory capital in any given period.
loans where borrowers may be subject to payment increases include arm loans with terms that initially require payment of interest only.  payments may increase significantly when the interest-only period ends and the loan principal begins to amortize. at september 30, 2022 and 2021, these loans totaled $2.55 billion and $1.97 billion, respectively, or approximately 35% and 37% of the residential mortgage portfolio, respectively.  the weighted-average number of years before the remainder of the loans, which were still in their interest-only period at september 30, 2022, begins amortizing is 6.6 years.
corporate and tax-exempt loans credit risk in our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios is monitored on an individual loan basis for trends in borrower operating performance, payment history, credit ratings, collateral performance, loan covenant compliance, semi-annual snc exam results, where applicable, municipality demographics and other factors including industry performance and concentrations. as part of the credit review process, the loan rating is reviewed on an ongoing basis to confirm the appropriate risk rating for each credit. the individual loan ratings resulting from the snc exams are incorporated in our internal loan ratings when the ratings are received. if the snc rating is lower on an individual loan than our internal rating, the loan is downgraded. while we consider historical snc exam results in our loan ratings methodology, differences between the snc exam and internal ratings on individual loans typically arise due to subjectivity of the loan classification process. downgrades raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis resulting from these differences may result in additional provisions for credit losses in periods when snc exam results are received. the majority of our tax-exempt loan portfolio is comprised of loans to investment-grade borrowers. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on our allowance for credit losses policies.
credit risk is managed by diversifying the corporate bank loan portfolio. our corporate bank loan portfolio does not contain a significant concentration in any single industry. the following table details the industry concentrations (top five categories) of our corporate bank loans.
loans outstanding as a % of                                    loans outstanding as a % of total corporate bank loans held for sale and investment                       total loans held for sale and investment multi-family                                                                                    10%                                                             5%
office real estate                                                                               7%                                                             3%
consumer products and services                                                                   5%                                                             2%
certain sectors continue to be impacted by supply chain disruptions and changes in consumer behavior. in addition, macroeconomic uncertainty and the ukraine conflict have further exacerbated supply chain stresses and inflation concerns. in addition, the fed's measures to control inflation, including through increases in short-term interest rates, have had an impact on consumer behavior and are likely to continue to do so in the near-term. these and related factors could negatively impact our borrowers, particularly those in consumer-facing or supply-dependent industries. in addition, we continue to monitor our exposure to office real estate where trends have changed as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
liquidity risk see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k for information regarding our liquidity and how we manage liquidity risk.
operational risk operational risk generally refers to the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including, but not limited to, business disruptions, improper or unauthorized execution and processing of transactions, deficiencies in our technology or financial operating systems and inadequacies or breaches in our control processes including cybersecurity incidents (see "item 1a - risk factors" of this form 10-k for a discussion of certain cybersecurity risks). these risks are less direct than credit and market risk, but managing them is critical, particularly in a rapidly changing environment with increasing transaction volumes and complexity. we operate different businesses in diverse markets and are reliant on the ability of our employees and systems to process a large number of transactions. in the event of a breakdown or improper operation of systems or improper action by employees, we could suffer financial loss, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. in order to mitigate and control operational risk, we have developed and continue to enhance specific policies and procedures that are designed to identify and manage operational risk at appropriate levels throughout the organization and within such departments as finance, operations, information technology, legal, compliance, risk management and internal audit. these control mechanisms attempt to ensure that operational policies and procedures are being followed and that our various businesses are operating within established corporate policies and limits. in addition, we have created business continuity plans for critical systems, and redundancies are built into the systems as deemed appropriate.
we have an operational risk management committee comprised of members of senior management, which reviews and addresses operational risks across our businesses. the committee establishes risk appetite levels for major operational risks, monitors operating unit performance for adherence to defined risk tolerances, and establishes policies for risk management at the enterprise level.
periods of severe market volatility can result in a significantly higher level of transactions on specific days, which may present operational challenges from time to time that may result in losses. these losses can result from, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, or interruptions to our system processing. we did not incur any significant losses related to such operational challenges during the year ended september 30, 2022.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis as more fully described in the discussion of our business technology risks included in various risk factors presented in "item 1a - risk factors" of this form 10-k, despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, and other events that could have an impact on the security and stability of our operations.
model risk model risk refers to the possibility of unintended business outcomes arising from the design, implementation or use of models. models are used throughout the firm for a variety of purposes such as the valuation of financial instruments, the calculation of our allowance for credit losses, assessing risk, stress testing, and to assist in making certain business decisions. model risk includes the potential risk that management makes incorrect decisions based upon either incorrect model results or incorrect understanding and use of model results. model risk may also occur when model outputs differ from the expected result. model errors or misuse could result in significant financial loss, inaccurate financial or regulatory reporting, misaligned business strategies or damage to our reputation.
model risk management is a separate department within our risk management department and is independent of model owners, users, and developers. our model risk management framework consists primarily of model governance, maintaining the firmwide model inventory, validating and approving models used across the firm, and ongoing monitoring. results of validations and issues identified are reported to the enterprise risk management committee and the audit and risk committee of the board of directors. model risk management assumes responsibility for the independent and effective challenge of model completeness, integrity and design based on intended use.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or reputational damage that the firm may suffer from a failure to comply with applicable laws, external standards, or internal requirements.
we have established a framework to oversee, manage, and mitigate compliance risk throughout the firm, both within and across businesses, functions, legal entities, and jurisdictions. the framework includes roles and responsibilities for the board of directors, senior management, and all three lines of risk management. this framework also includes programs and processes through which the firm identifies, assesses, controls, measures, monitors, and reports on compliance risk and provides compliance-related training throughout the firm. the compliance department plays a key leadership role in the oversight, management, and mitigation of compliance risk throughout the firm. it does this by conducting an annual compliance risk assessment, carrying out compliance monitoring and testing activities, implementing compliance policies, training associates on compliance-related topics, and reporting compliance risk-related issues and metrics to the board of directors and senior management, among other activities.