item 1a. risk factors we face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price and many of those risks are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. the following discussion addresses those risks that management believes are the most significant, although there may be other risks that could arise, or may prove to be more significant than expected, that may affect our operations or financial results.
for a discussion of our risk management governance and processes, including operational risk, compliance risk, credit risk, market risk, and liquidity risk, see risk management and capital management in part ii, item 7.
economic and market risks developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business.
our business can be adversely affected by the general environment - economic, corporate, securities market, regulatory, and geopolitical developments all play a role in client asset valuations, trading activity, interest rates, and overall investor engagement, and are outside of our control. deterioration in the housing and credit markets, reduction in interest rates, and decreases in securities valuations negatively impact our results of operations and capital resources.
the monetary policies of the federal reserve, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the united states, have a significant effect on our operating results. actions taken by the federal reserve, including changes in its target funds rate and balance sheet management, are difficult to predict and can affect our net interest revenue and bank deposit account fees. these
the charles schwab corporation policies could also have implications for clients' allocation to cash; higher or lower client cash balances have an impact on our capital requirements as well as liquidity implications if such changes in allocation are sudden.
a significant change in client cash allocations could negatively impact our income.
we rely heavily on client cash balances to generate revenue. cash awaiting investment in a portion of our client brokerage accounts is swept to our banking subsidiaries and those bank deposits are then used to extend loans to clients and purchase investment securities. we also sweep a portion of such cash to unconsolidated third-party financial institutions, including pursuant to the ida agreement, through which we earn bank deposit account fees. a significant reduction in our clients' allocation to cash, a change in the allocation of that cash, or a transfer of cash away from the company, could reduce our income.
significant interest rate changes could affect our profitability.
the direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. a decline in interest rates may have a negative impact on our net interest revenue and our bank deposit account fee revenue. a low interest rate environment may also have a negative impact on our asset management and administration fee revenues when we have to waive a portion of our management fees for certain schwab-sponsored money market mutual funds in order to continue providing a positive return to clients.
although we believe our net interest revenue will increase in a rising interest rate environment, a rise in interest rates may cause our funding costs to increase if market conditions or the competitive environment induces us to raise our interest rates to avoid losing deposits, or replace deposits with higher cost funding sources without offsetting increases in yields on interest-earning assets which can reduce the benefit to our net interest revenue.
the announced phase-out of the london interbank offered rate (libor) could negatively impact our net interest revenue and will continue to require operational work.
certain securities in our investment portfolio, the floating rate loans we offered, and a series of our outstanding preferred stock reference libor as the benchmark rate to determine the applicable interest rate, payment amount or floating dividend rates. while we have substantially transitioned our financial models and systems away from libor, in limited circumstances we still use libor. the federal reserve adopted a final rule that provides default rules for certain contracts that use libor, with replacement rates based on the secured overnight financing rate (sofr). when libor is discontinued as announced, there will be uncertainty or differences in the calculation of the applicable interest rate or payment amount depending on the terms of the governing instruments and the details of any fallback provisions. this could result in different financial performance for previously booked transactions. the calculation of interest rates under the replacement benchmarks could also impact our net interest revenue. libor may also perform differently during the phase-out period than in the past which could result in lower interest payments and a reduction in the value of certain securities in our investment portfolio. in addition, further operational work will be required to transition our legacy loan portfolio to alternate reference rates. see also part ii - item 7 - risk management for additional information regarding the company's consideration of the phase-out of libor.
compliance risks extensive regulation of our businesses may subject us to significant penalties or limitations on business activities.
as a participant in the securities, banking, and financial services industries, we are subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and foreign laws by governmental agencies, supervisory authorities and sros. the costs and uncertainty related to complying with such regulations continue to increase. these regulations affect our business operations and impose capital, client protection, and market conduct requirements on us as well as restrictions on the activities that we are allowed to conduct. we become subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny as we grow.
regulators have broad discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies and could prevent us from pursuing our business strategy. regulators could also limit our ability to grow, including adding assets, launching new products, making acquisitions, and undertaking strategic investments. our banking regulators could require csc and/or our banking subsidiaries to hold more capital, increase liquidity, or limit their ability to pay dividends or csc's ability to repurchase or redeem shares. despite our efforts to comply with applicable legal requirements, there are a number of risks, particularly in areas where applicable laws or regulations may be unclear or where regulators could revise their previous guidance. any enforcement actions or other proceedings brought by our regulators against us or our affiliates, officers or employees could result in fines, penalties, cease and desist orders, enforcement actions, suspension, disqualification or expulsion,
the charles schwab corporation or other disciplinary sanctions, including limitations on our business activities, any of which could harm our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
while we maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, violations could occur. in addition, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though systems and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violations were in place at the time. there may be other negative consequences resulting from a finding of noncompliance, including restrictions on certain activities. such a finding may also damage our reputation and our relationships with our regulators and could restrict the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities.
legislation or changes in rules and regulations could negatively affect our business and financial results.
new legislation, rules, regulations and guidance, or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing federal, state, foreign and sro rules, regulations and guidance, including changes relating to mutual funds, money market funds, standards of conduct with clients, conflicts of interest, regulatory treatment of deposit accounts, cra, and market structure reform, including order routing practices and order-related revenues, may directly affect our operations and profitability or our specific business lines. recently, the sec has proposed or adopted a number of new rules, and these new or proposed rules involve sweeping changes that could require significant shifts in industry operations and practices, thereby increasing uncertainty for markets and investors. our profitability could also be affected by rules and regulations that impact the business and financial communities generally, including changes to the laws governing taxation, electronic commerce, client privacy and security of client data. in addition, the rules and regulations could result in limitations on the lines of business we conduct, modifications to our business practices, more stringent capital and liquidity requirements, increased deposit insurance assessments or additional costs and could limit our ability to return capital to stockholders. these changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes to our compliance, risk management, treasury and operations functions.
failure to meet capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines could affect our financial condition.
csc, together with its banking, broker-dealer, and fcm/fdm subsidiaries, must meet certain capital and liquidity standards, subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about the adequacy of our capital and our internal assessment of our capital needs. the uniform net capital rule limits the ability of our broker-dealer entities to transfer capital to csc and other affiliates. new regulatory capital, liquidity, capital planning, and stress testing requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including paying dividends, stock repurchases, and redemptions, and may require us to increase our capital and/or liquidity or to limit our growth. failure by either csc or its banking subsidiaries to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a negative impact on us. in addition, failure by csc or our banking subsidiaries to maintain a sufficient amount of capital to satisfy their stress capital buffer (csc) or capital conservation buffer (banking subsidiaries) and countercyclical capital buffer requirements would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers. any requirement that we increase our regulatory capital, replace certain capital instruments which presently qualify as tier 1 capital, or increase regulatory capital ratios or liquidity, could require us to liquidate assets, deleverage or otherwise change our business and/or investment plans, which may adversely affect our financial results. issuing additional common stock would dilute the ownership of existing stockholders.
in 2022, csc became subject to the ccar process, which requires submission of an annual capital plan, and determination of csc's stress capital buffer. the plan must include a description of all planned capital actions, including dividends or stock repurchases, over a nine-quarter planning horizon beginning with the first quarter of the calendar year the capital plan is submitted. csc's risk-based capital ratios must exceed the regulatory minimum plus the stress capital buffer. the stress capital buffer could make us subject to progressively more stringent constraints on capital actions if we approach our minimum ratios. this could lead to restrictions on our ability to pay or increase dividends or otherwise return capital to stockholders.
if the average of csc's total consolidated assets for four consecutive calendar quarters reaches $700 billion, or if the average of cross-jurisdictional activity for four consecutive calendar quarters reaches $75 billion, csc will become subject to more stringent category ii requirements, including annual stress testing, the advanced approaches framework, and the inability to opt out of including aoci in regulatory capital calculations. at december 31, 2022, csc had approximately $552 billion in total assets and cross-jurisdictional activity of approximately $29 billion.
the charles schwab corporation we are subject to litigation and regulatory investigations and proceedings and may not be successful in defending against claims or proceedings.
the financial services industry faces significant litigation and regulatory risks. we are subject to claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, some of which include claims for substantial or unspecified damages. we are also the subject of inquiries, investigations, and proceedings by regulatory and other governmental agencies.
litigation and arbitration claims include those brought by our clients and the clients of third-party advisors whose assets are custodied with us. claims from clients of third-party advisors may allege losses due to investment decisions made by the third-party advisors or the advisors' misconduct. litigation claims also include claims from third parties alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights (e.g., patents). such litigation can require the expenditure of significant company resources. if we were found to have infringed on a third-party patent, or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial damages, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from using certain technology, or providing certain products or services.
actions brought against us may result in settlements, awards, injunctions, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, including reputational harm. even if we are successful in defending against these actions, the defense of such matters may result in us incurring significant expenses. a substantial judgment, settlement, fine, or penalty could be material to our operating results or cash flows for a particular future period, depending on our results for that period. in market downturns and periods of heightened volatility, the volume of legal claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial services companies have historically increased.
operational risk security breaches of our systems, or those of our clients or third parties, may subject us to significant liability and damage our reputation.
our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, in part because of the use of the internet and mobile and cloud technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, activists, hackers and other external parties, including foreign state actors. our systems and those of other financial institutions have been and will continue to be the target of cyber attacks, malicious code, computer viruses, ransomware, and denial of service attacks that could result in unauthorized access, misuse, loss or destruction of data (including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability of service or other events. despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. data security breaches may also result from non-technical means, for example, employee misconduct.
given the high volume of transactions that we process, the large number of clients, counterparties and third-party service providers with which we do business, including cloud service providers, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time before being detected. the extent of a particular cyber attack and the steps we may need to take to investigate the attack may not be immediately clear, and it may take a significant amount of time before an investigation is completed and full and reliable information about the attack is known. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.
security breaches, including breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers or clients, could result in a violation of applicable privacy and other laws and could subject us to significant liability or loss that may not be covered by insurance, actions by our regulators, damage to our reputation, or a loss of confidence in our security measures which could harm our business. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures.
we also face risk related to external fraud involving the misappropriation and use of clients' user names, passwords or other personal information to gain access to our clients' financial accounts. this could occur from the compromise of clients' personal electronic devices or as a result of a data security breach at an unrelated company where clients' personal information is taken and then made available to fraudsters. such risk has grown in recent years due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime and other external parties, including foreign state-sponsored parties. losses reimbursed to clients under our
the charles schwab corporation guarantee against unauthorized account activity could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
technology and operational failures or errors and other operational risks could subject us to losses, litigation, regulatory actions, and reputational damage.
we must process, record and monitor a large number of transactions and our operations are highly dependent on the integrity of our technology systems and our ability to make timely enhancements and additions to our systems. system interruptions, errors or downtime can result from a variety of causes, including changes in client use patterns, technological failure, changes to our systems, linkages with third-party systems and power failures and can have a significant impact on our business and operations. our systems are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, errors in models such as those used for asset management, capital planning and management, risk management, stress testing and compliance, employee misconduct, unauthorized trading, external fraud, computer viruses, distributed denial of service attacks, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, natural disaster, extreme weather, power outage, capacity constraints, software flaws, events impacting key business partners and vendors, and similar events. for example, we and other financial institutions have been the target of various denial of service attacks that have, in certain circumstances, made websites, mobile applications and email unavailable for periods of time. cloud technologies are critical to the operation of our systems and platforms and our reliance on cloud technologies is growing. cloud service disruptions may lead to delays in accessing data that is important to our businesses and may hinder our clients' access to our platforms. it could take an extended period of time to restore full functionality to our technology or other operating systems in the event of an unforeseen occurrence, which could affect our ability to process and settle client transactions. despite our efforts to identify areas of risk, oversee operational areas involving risk, and implement policies and procedures designed to manage these risks, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer unexpected losses, reputational damage or regulatory action due to technology or other operational failures or errors, including those of our vendors or other third parties.
while we devote substantial attention and resources to the reliability, capacity and scalability of our systems, we occasionally experience extraordinary trading volumes, which have caused and could cause our computer systems to operate at unacceptably slow speeds or even fail, affecting our ability to process client transactions and potentially resulting in some clients' orders being executed at prices they did not anticipate. disruptions in service and slower system response times could result in substantial losses, decreased client satisfaction, reputational damage, and regulatory inquiries. we are also dependent on the integrity and performance of securities exchanges, clearing houses, market makers, dealers, and other intermediaries to which client orders are routed for execution and settlement. system failures and constraints and transaction errors at such intermediaries could result in delays and erroneous or unanticipated execution prices and cancelled orders, cause substantial losses for us and for our clients, and subject us to claims from our clients for damages, and cause reputational harm.
certain events could increase our client service and processing times due to staffing shortages, remote work or the temporary loss of services from outsourced service providers, such as occurred during the covid-19 pandemic. we consider service quality to be an important part of the client experience and our failure to meet client expectations could result in decreased client satisfaction.
we take steps to prevent and detect fraud but the ways that fraudulent activity is attempted is continuously evolving. although we monitor for new types of fraud, there may be a delay in recognizing the fraud is happening. besides potential losses, shutting down fraudulent activity often requires a balance with client experience. instances of fraud might negatively impact our reputation and client confidence in the company, in addition to any direct losses that might result from such instances.
our investment management operations may subject us to fiduciary or other legal liability for client losses.
fund and trust management and administration are complex activities and include functions such as recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, compliance with investment restrictions, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. failure to properly perform operational tasks, or the misrepresentation of our services and products could subject us to regulatory sanctions, penalties or litigation and result in reputational damage, liability to clients, and the termination of investment management or administration agreements and the withdrawal of assets under our management.
in the management and administration of funds and client accounts, we use quantitative models and other tools and resources to support investment decisions and processes, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. errors in the design, function, or underlying assumptions used in these models and
the charles schwab corporation tools, particularly if we fail to detect the errors over an extended period, could subject us to claims of a breach of fiduciary duty and potentially large liabilities for make-whole payments, litigation, and/or regulatory fines.
we rely on outsourced service providers to perform key functions.
we rely on external service providers to perform certain key technology, cloud infrastructure, processing, servicing, and support functions. these service providers face technology, operating, business, and economic risks, and any significant failures by them, including the improper use or disclosure of our confidential client, employee, or company information, could cause us to incur losses and could harm our reputation. an interruption in or the cessation of service by any external service provider as a result of systems failures, capacity constraints, financial difficulties, natural disasters, extreme weather, power outage, public health crises, political developments, war, international disputes, or for any other reason, and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner could disrupt our operations, impact our ability to offer certain products and services, and result in financial losses to us. we temporarily lost the services from some of our outsourced service providers during the covid-19 pandemic which contributed to increased client service response and processing times. following russia's invasion of ukraine, we had to replace certain vendor resources which added incremental complexity in our td ameritrade conversion work. switching to an alternative service provider may require a transition period and result in less efficient operations.
we rely on financial intermediaries to execute and settle client orders.
we rely on market makers, dealers, securities exchanges, clearing houses, and other financial intermediaries to execute and settle our clients' orders. the unwillingness or inability of any of these parties to perform their usual functions coupled with the unavailability of alternative arrangements could result in our clients' orders not getting executed or settled. this may be due to market volatility, uneconomic trading conditions, capacity constraints, financial constraints, system failures, unanticipated trading halts invoked by securities exchanges, market closures, or other reasons. our inability to get client orders executed or settled because of the unwillingness or inability of these parties to perform their usual functions could result in client dissatisfaction and reputational harm and expose us to client claims for damages.
liquidity risk a significant decrease in our liquidity could negatively affect our business as well as reduce client confidence in us.
maintaining adequate liquidity is crucial to our business operations, including transaction settlement, custody requirements, and lending commitments, among other liquidity needs. we meet our liquidity needs primarily from working capital and cash generated by client activity as well as external financing. fluctuations in client cash or deposit balances, as well as market conditions or changes in regulatory treatment of client deposits, may affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs. a reduction in our liquidity position could reduce client confidence in us, which could result in the transfer of client assets and accounts, or could cause us to fail to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including the lcr. in addition, if our broker-dealer or depository institution subsidiaries fail to meet regulatory capital guidelines, or if a depository institution subsidiary is unable to obtain regulatory approval, when required, to declare a dividend, regulators could limit the subsidiaries' ability to upstream funds to csc or limit their operations, which could reduce csc's liquidity and adversely affect its ability to repay debt, pay dividends on csc's preferred stock and common stock, repurchase its shares, or redeem its preferred stock. in addition, csc may need to provide additional funding to such subsidiaries.
factors which may adversely affect our liquidity position include cs&co and tdac having temporary liquidity demands due to timing differences between brokerage transaction settlements and the availability of segregated cash balances, fluctuations in cash held in banking or brokerage client accounts, a dramatic increase in our lending activities (including margin, mortgage-related, and personal lending), increased capital requirements, changes in regulatory guidance or interpretations, other regulatory changes, or a loss of market or client confidence in us resulting in unanticipated withdrawals of client funds. as a member firm of securities and derivatives clearing houses, we are required to deposit cash, stock and/or government securities for margin requirements and to clearing funds. the margin requirements may fluctuate significantly from time to time based upon the nature and size of clients' trading activity and market volatility, and member firms like us have been required to deposit additional funds. clearing houses could also require additional funds from member firms if a clearing member defaults on its obligations to the clearing house in an amount larger than its own margin and clearing fund deposits.
when available cash is not sufficient for our liquidity needs, we may be required to seek external financing. during periods of disruptions in the credit and capital markets, potential sources of external financing could be reduced, and borrowing costs could increase. although csc, cs&co, and tdac maintain uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines and csc has a commercial paper issuance program, as well as a universal shelf registration statement filed with the sec which can be used to sell securities,
the charles schwab corporation financing may not be available on acceptable terms or at all due to market conditions or disruptions in the credit markets. in addition, a significant downgrade in the company's credit ratings could increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to the capital markets.
when short-term interest rates rapidly increase, as they did in 2022, the pace at which clients move certain cash balances out of our sweep features and into higher yielding alternatives generally increases. when these outflows outpace excess cash on hand and cash generated by maturities and paydowns on our investment and loan portfolios, as they recently have, our banking subsidiaries may use temporary supplemental funding, such as advances under federal home loan bank (fhlb) secured credit facilities, borrowings under repurchase agreements with external financial institutions, and issuances of brokered certificates of deposit, which have higher costs. in addition, to access new fhlb advances or roll over existing advances, our banking subsidiaries must maintain positive tangible capital, as defined by the federal housing finance agency. larger unrealized losses on our available for sale (afs) portfolio due to higher market interest rates could negatively impact our tangible capital.
credit risk we may suffer significant losses from our credit exposures.
our businesses are subject to the risk that a client, counterparty or issuer will fail to perform its contractual obligations, or that the value of collateral held to secure obligations will prove to be inadequate. while we have policies and procedures designed to manage this risk, the policies and procedures may not be fully effective. our exposure mainly results from margin lending, clients' options and futures trading, securities lending, mortgage lending, pledged asset lending, our role as a counterparty in financial contracts and investing activities, and indirectly from the investing activities of certain of the proprietary funds we sponsor.
when clients purchase securities on margin, borrow on lines of credit collateralized by securities, or trade options or futures, we are subject to the risk that clients may default on their obligations when the value of the securities and cash in their accounts falls below the amount of clients' indebtedness. abrupt changes in securities valuations and the failure of clients to meet margin calls could result in substantial losses, especially if there is a lack of liquidity. as a result of our td ameritrade acquisition, our margin, options and futures business has materially increased and market liquidity may represent an increased risk.
we have exposure to credit risk associated with our investments. those investments are subject to price fluctuations. loss of value of securities can negatively affect earnings if management determines that such loss of value has resulted from a credit loss. the evaluation of whether a credit loss exists is a matter of judgment, which includes the assessment of multiple factors. if management determines that a security's decline in fair value is the result of a credit loss, an allowance for credit losses on the security will be recorded and a corresponding loss will be recognized in current earnings. even if a decline in fair value of a security is not determined to have resulted from a credit loss, if we were ever forced to sell the security sooner than intended prior to maturity due to liquidity needs, we would have to recognize any unrealized losses at that time.
our bank loans primarily consist of first mortgages, helocs, and pals. increases in delinquency and default rates, housing and stock price declines, increases in the unemployment rate, and other economic factors, can result in increases in allowances for credit losses and related credit loss expense, as well as write downs on such loans.
heightened credit exposures to specific counterparties or instruments can increase our risk of loss. examples include:
•large positions in financial instruments collateralized by assets with similar economic characteristics or in securities of a single issuer or industry;
•mortgage loans and helocs to banking clients which are secured by properties in the same geographic region; and
•client margins, options or futures, pledged assets, and securities lending activities collateralized by or linked to securities of a single issuer, index, or industry.
we sponsor a number of proprietary money market mutual funds and other proprietary funds. although we have no obligation to do so, we may decide for competitive or other reasons to provide credit, liquidity or other support to our funds in the event of significant declines in valuation of fund holdings or significant redemption activity that exceeds available liquidity. such support could cause us to take significant charges, could reduce our liquidity and, in certain situations, could, with respect to proprietary funds other than money market mutual funds, result in us having to consolidate one or more funds in our financial statements. if we choose not to provide credit, liquidity or other support in such a situation, we could suffer reputational damage and its business could be adversely affected.
the charles schwab corporation risks related to our td ameritrade acquisition we are undertaking one of the largest brokerage account conversions and could experience unanticipated issues.
as part of our td ameritrade integration, we plan to transition the td ameritrade brokerage accounts to schwab in multiple transition groups, as well as several td ameritrade platforms, while at the same time adding scale. doing the conversion in multiple transition groups adds complexity, including maintaining appropriate regulatory capital and liquidity. although we have undertaken extensive planning and testing, the account transitions are complicated and we could experience issues which cause a transition group to be delayed, or negatively impact the client experience. such issues could impact client retention, integration-related costs, the timing for realizing synergies, our reputation, and compliance with regulatory requirements. in order to support td ameritrade clients through the account transitions, some of which will take place over holiday weekends, we are increasing our client service staffing. if we are not able to add and retain sufficient client service staff or retain other employees working on the account transitions, client service may be unacceptable, leading to higher than anticipated client attrition, or account transitions may not be successful.
we may fail to realize the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the td ameritrade acquisition, which could adversely affect the value of our stock.
the success of our td ameritrade acquisition will continue to depend, in significant part, on our ability to realize the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from integrating the businesses of schwab and td ameritrade which is subject to certain risks. if we are not able to successfully combine the businesses of schwab and td ameritrade within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated cost savings and other benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, the combined business may not perform as expected and the value of our common stock may be adversely affected.
it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key schwab or td ameritrade employees, the loss of clients, the disruption of either company's or both companies' ongoing businesses or in unexpected integration issues, higher than expected integration costs and an overall post-completion integration process that takes longer than originally anticipated.
we will need to continue to hire a significant number of technology personnel and contract staff and rely on a number of critical technology vendors in order to complete the integration work relating to technology platforms and systems within the target timeframe. in addition, we may still experience some delays in acquiring the technology and infrastructure components needed for the integration. we have to make certain assumptions for integration planning and subsequent changes to integration plans impact the timing and cost of the integration. for example, as a result of the higher levels of trading volumes that we recently experienced, we had to increase capacity from the original technology build-out plan. also, following russia's invasion of ukraine, we had to replace certain vendor resources which added incremental complexity in our td ameritrade conversion work. in addition, at times the attention of certain members of our management and other resources may be diverted from integration work to critical day-to-day business operations. we may also encounter challenges integrating td ameritrade technologies into schwab platforms. any of these factors could make timely achievement of integration milestones more challenging, particularly with regard to technology and systems.
we will continue to incur significant integration costs in connection with the integration of td ameritrade.
we will continue to incur significant non-recurring costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans with respect to combining the operations of schwab and td ameritrade, including technology-related, workforce and facilities consolidation costs. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the two companies' businesses.
we may have difficulty attracting, motivating and retaining executives and other employees during the integration of td ameritrade.
uncertainty about the effect of the td ameritrade integration on schwab and td ameritrade employees may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate personnel. employee retention may be particularly challenging during the integration process, as employees of schwab and td ameritrade may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined business. if employees of schwab or td ameritrade depart, the integration of the companies may be more difficult and the combined business may be harmed. furthermore, we may have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring and retaining replacements for departing employees and may lose significant expertise and talent relating to the businesses of schwab or td ameritrade, and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may be adversely affected. in addition, there could be disruptions to or distractions for the workforce and management associated with integrating employees into schwab.
the charles schwab corporation the td ameritrade acquisition may not be accretive to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
based on the anticipated synergies between schwab and td ameritrade, we expect the acquisition to be accretive to our earnings per share in the third year following completion of the merger. however, future events and conditions could reduce or delay the accretion that is currently projected or result in the acquisition being dilutive to our earnings per share, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the benefits anticipated in the acquisition. any dilution of, reduction in, or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause the price of shares of our common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate.
other business risks potential strategic transactions could have a negative impact on our financial position.
we evaluate potential strategic transactions, including business combinations, acquisitions, and dispositions. any such transaction could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. the process of evaluating, negotiating, effecting, and integrating any such strategic transaction may divert management's attention from other business concerns, and might cause the loss of key clients, employees, and business partners. moreover, integrating businesses and systems may result in unforeseen expenditures as well as numerous risks and uncertainties, including the need to integrate operational, financial, and management information systems and management controls, integrate relationships with clients and business partners, and manage facilities and employees in different geographic areas. the integration process could result in the disruption of ongoing businesses or changes to inconsistent standards, controls, procedures and policies that could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, employees, outsourced service providers and vendors. in addition, an acquisition may cause us to assume liabilities or become subject to litigation or regulatory proceedings or require the amortization of a large amount of acquired intangible assets. further, we may not realize the anticipated benefits from an acquisition in a timely manner or at all (including without limitation the recent acquisition of td ameritrade), and any future acquisition could be dilutive to our current stockholders' percentage ownership or to earnings per common share (eps).
our acquisitions and dispositions are typically subject to closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and the absence of material adverse changes in the business, operations or financial condition of the entity or part of an entity being acquired or sold. to the extent we enter into an agreement to buy or sell an entity or part of an entity, there can be no guarantee that the transaction will close when expected, or at all. if a material transaction does not close, our stock price could decline.
our industry is highly competitive and characterized by aggressive price competition.
we operate in a highly competitive environment with a broad array of competitors from large integrated banks to venture-capital backed private companies. we continually monitor our pricing in relation to competitors and periodically adjust interest rates on deposits and loans, fees for advisory services, expense ratios on mutual funds and etfs, trade commission rates, and other pricing and incentives to sustain our competitive position. increased price competition from other financial services firms to attract clients, such as reduced commissions, higher deposit rates, reduced mutual fund or etf expense ratios, or the increased use of incentives, could impact our results of operations and financial condition.
the market for qualified personnel in our business is highly competitive. at various times, different functions and roles are in especially high demand in the market, compelling us to pay more to attract talent. our ability to continue to compete effectively will depend upon our ability to attract new employees and retain existing employees while managing compensation costs.
we need to continue to hire a significant number of technology personnel and contract staff to complete the td ameritrade integration work within the target timeframe. demand for skilled technology professionals is high and we may experience delays in hiring the appropriate skilled resources.
our stock price can be volatile. among the factors that may affect the volatility of our stock price are the following:
•speculation in the investment community or the press about, or actual changes in, our competitive position, organizational structure, executive team, operations, financial condition, financial reporting and results, expense discipline, strategic transactions, progress on achieving the expected benefits from our td ameritrade acquisition, or ratings from third parties;
•the announcement of new products, services, acquisitions, or dispositions by us or our competitors;
•increases or decreases in revenue or earnings, changes in earnings estimates by the investment community, and variations between estimated financial results and actual financial results; and
•sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by large stockholders.
changes in the stock market generally, or as it concerns our industry, as well as geopolitical, corporate, regulatory, business, and economic factors may also affect our stock price.
future sales of csc's equity securities may adversely affect the market price of csc's common stock and result in dilution.
csc's certificate of incorporation authorizes csc's board of directors, among other things, to issue additional shares of common or preferred stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into equity securities, without stockholder approval. csc may issue additional equity or convertible securities to raise additional capital or for other purposes. the issuance of any additional equity or convertible securities could be substantially dilutive to holders of csc's common stock and may adversely affect the market price of csc's common stock.
our ongoing relationships with td bank and its affiliates could have a negative impact on us.
although our acquisition of td ameritrade was structured such that completion of the merger would not result in csc either (i) being deemed to be "controlled" by td bank (as that term is interpreted by the federal reserve under the bhc act or hola) or (ii) being deemed to be in "control" of any of td bank's depository institutions, changes in circumstances could trigger presumptions of control under the federal reserve's regulations. this could occur if td bank and its affiliates own more than 9.9% of schwab common stock, as interpreted in accordance with the applicable rules of the federal reserve. while the stockholder agreement between csc and td bank prohibits td bank and its affiliates from exceeding the 9.9% threshold, it could happen unintentionally. this presumption of control could also be triggered if the revenue generated to either us or to any of the td bank depository institutions exceeds a certain percentage. the stockholder agreement contains provisions to address such situations.
under the ida agreement, we are only permitted to reduce the deposit balances swept to the td depository institutions by a set amount during each 12-month period, subject to certain limitations and adjustments including maintaining a minimum $50 billion ida sweep balance through june 2031. the bank deposit account fee revenue that we earn related to the ida agreement may be less than the net interest revenue that we could have earned if the deposit balances were swept to our banking subsidiaries rather than the td depository institutions. when we are permitted to reduce the ida balances, we can only move the balances to our banking subsidiaries if we have sufficient capital. in addition, in a low rate environment it is possible that the sweep arrangement fee computation could result in a negative amount that we would be required to pay the td depository institutions, resulting in us having an expense rather than revenue.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements in addition to historical information, this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. forward-looking statements are identified by words such as "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "will," "may," "estimate," "appear," "could," "would," "expand," "aim," "maintain," "continue," "seek," and other similar expressions. in addition, any statements that refer to expectations, projections, or other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-looking statements.
these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's beliefs, objectives, and expectations as of the date hereof, are estimates based on the best judgment of schwab's senior management. these statements relate to, among other things:
•maximizing our market valuation and stockholder returns over time; our belief that developing trusted relationships will translate into more client assets which drives revenue and, along with expense discipline and thoughtful capital management, generates earnings growth and builds stockholder value; maintaining our market position; and the impact from adjustments related to the market risk rule (see business strategy and competitive environment, products and services and regulation in part i, item 1);
•expected benefits from the td ameritrade and other completed acquisitions; and expected timing for the td ameritrade client transitions (see business and asset acquisitions in part i, item 1; overview - business and asset acquisitions in part ii, item 7; business acquisitions in part ii, item 8 - note 3; and exit and other related liabilities in part ii, item 8 - note 16);
•the impact of legal proceedings and regulatory matters (see legal proceedings in part i, item 3; and commitments and contingencies in part ii, item 8 - note 15);
•investments to support growth in our client base (see overview in part ii, item 7);
•cost estimates and timing related to the td ameritrade integration, including acquisition and integration-related costs and capital expenditures, cost synergies, and exit and other related costs (see overview - business and asset acquisitions in part ii, item 7; results of operations - total expenses excluding interest; and exit and other related liabilities in part ii, item 8 - note 16);
•the expected impact of proposed rules (see current regulatory environment and other developments);
•net interest revenue; and the adjustment of rates paid on client-related liabilities (see results of operations - net interest revenue in part ii, item 7);
•capital expenditures (see results of operations - total expenses excluding interest in part ii, item 7);
•the phase-out of the use of libor (see risk management - expected phase-out of libor in part ii, item 7);
•sources and uses of liquidity, capital, and level of dividends; and tier 1 leverage ratio operating objective (see liquidity risk, capital management, regulatory capital requirements, and dividends in part ii, item 7);
•capital management; the return of capital to stockholders; and the migration of ida balances to our balance sheet (see capital management - regulatory capital requirements in part ii, item 7; and commitments and contingencies in part ii, item 8 - note 15);
•the expected impact of new accounting standards not yet adopted (see summary of significant accounting policies in part ii, item 8 - note 2); and
•the likelihood of indemnification and guarantee payment obligations and clients failing to fulfill contractual obligations (see commitments and contingencies in part ii, item 8 - note 15 and financial instruments subject to off-balance sheet credit risk - client trade settlement in note 17).
achievement of the expressed beliefs, objectives and expectations described in these statements is subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expressed beliefs, objectives, and expectations. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k or, in the case of documents incorporated by reference, as of the date of those documents.
important factors that may cause actual results to differ include, but are not limited to:
•general market conditions, including equity valuations and the level of interest rates;
•the level and mix of client trading activity;
•our ability to attract and retain clients, develop trusted relationships, and grow client assets;
•client use of our advisory and lending solutions and other products and services;
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•the level of client assets, including cash balances;
•competitive pressure on pricing, including deposit rates;
•regulatory guidance and adverse impacts from new legislation or rulemaking;
•capital and liquidity needs and management;
•our ability to develop and launch new and enhanced products, services, and capabilities, as well as enhance our infrastructure, in a timely and successful manner;
•our ability to support client activity levels;
•the risk that expected cost synergies and other benefits from the td ameritrade acquisition may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected and that integration-related expenses may be higher than expected;
•increased compensation and other costs due to inflationary pressures;
•the ability to successfully implement integration strategies and plans relating to td ameritrade, including client account transitions;
•the timing and scope of integration-related and other technology projects;
•real estate and workforce decisions;
•client cash allocations;
•migrations of bank deposit account balances (bda balances);
•balance sheet positioning relative to changes in interest rates;
•interest earning asset mix and growth;
•prepayment levels for mortgage-backed securities;
•adverse developments in litigation or regulatory matters and any related charges;
•potential breaches of contractual terms for which we have indemnification and guarantee obligations; and
certain of these factors, as well as general risk factors affecting the company, are discussed in greater detail in risk factors in part i, item 1a.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
glossary of terms active brokerage accounts: brokerage accounts with activity within the preceding 270 days.
accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci): a component of stockholders' equity which primarily includes unrealized gains and losses on available for sale (afs) securities.
asset-backed securities: debt securities backed by financial assets such as loans or receivables.
assets receiving ongoing advisory services: market value of all client assets custodied at the company under the guidance of an independent advisor or enrolled in one of schwab's advice solutions at the end of the reporting period.
bank deposit account balances (bda balances): clients' uninvested cash balances held off-balance sheet in deposit accounts at unconsolidated third-party financial institutions, pursuant to the ida agreement and agreements with other third-party financial institutions. average bda balances represent the daily average balance for the reporting period.
basel iii: global regulatory standards on bank capital adequacy and liquidity issued by the basel committee on banking supervision.
basis point: one basis point equals 1/100th of 1%, or 0.01%.
client assets: the market value, as of the end of the reporting period, of all client assets in our custody, bda balances, and proprietary products, which includes both cash and securities. average client assets are the daily average client asset balance for the reporting period.
client cash as a percentage of client assets: calculated as the value, at the end of the reporting period, of all money market fund balances, bank deposits, schwab one® balances, bda balances, and certain cash equivalents divided by client assets.
common equity tier 1 (cet1) capital: the sum of common stock and related surplus net of treasury stock, retained earnings, aoci, and qualifying minority interests, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions.
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio: the ratio of cet1 capital to total risk-weighted assets as of the end of the period.
customer protection rule: refers to rule 15c3-3 of the securities exchange act of 1934.
dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act): regulatory reform legislation containing numerous provisions which expanded prudential regulation of large financial services companies.
duration: duration is typically used to measure the expected change in value of a financial instrument for a 1% change in interest rates, expressed in years.
full-time equivalent employees: represents the total number of hours worked divided by a 40-hour work week for the following categories: full-time, part-time, and temporary employees and persons employed on a contract basis.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
high quality liquid assets (hqla): hqla is defined by the federal reserve, but includes assets that are actively traded and readily convertible to cash in times of stress.
investment grade: defined as a rating equivalent to a moody's investors service (moody's) rating of "baa3" or higher, or a standard & poor's rating group (standard & poor's) or fitch ratings, ltd (fitch) rating of "bbb-" or higher.
liquidity coverage ratio (lcr): the ratio of hqla to projected net cash outflows during a 30-day stress scenario.
loan-to-value (ltv) ratio: calculated as the principal amount of a loan divided by the value of the collateral securing the loan.
margin loans: money borrowed against the value of certain stocks, bonds, and mutual funds in a client portfolio. the borrowed money can be used to purchase additional securities or to meet short-term financial needs.
master netting arrangement: an agreement between two counterparties that have multiple contracts with each other that provides for net settlement of all contracts through a single cash payment in the event of default or termination of any one contract.
mortgage-backed securities: a type of asset-backed security that is secured by a mortgage or group of mortgages.
net new client assets: total inflows of client cash and securities to schwab less client outflows. inflows include dividends and interest; outflows include commissions and fees. capital gains distributions are excluded.
net stable funding ratio (nsfr): the ratio of the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding.
nonperforming assets: the total of nonaccrual loans and other real estate owned.
pledged asset line® (pal): a non-purpose revolving line of credit from a banking subsidiary secured by eligible assets held in a separate pledged brokerage account maintained at cs&co.
risk-weighted assets: computed by assigning specific risk-weightings to assets and off-balance sheet instruments for capital adequacy calculations.
tier 1 capital: the sum of cet1 capital and additional tier 1 capital instruments and related surplus, less applicable adjustments and deductions.
tier 1 leverage ratio: end-of-period tier 1 capital divided by adjusted average total consolidated assets for the period.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
trading days: days in which the markets/exchanges are open for the buying and selling of securities. early market closures are counted as half-days.
uniform net capital rule: refers to rule 15c3-1 under the securities exchange act of 1934, which specifies minimum capital requirements that are intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers at all times.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
overview management focuses on several client activity and financial metrics in evaluating schwab's financial position and operating performance. we believe that metrics relating to net new and total client assets, as well as client cash levels and utilization of advisory services, offer perspective on our business momentum and client engagement. data on new and total client brokerage accounts provides additional perspective on our ability to attract and retain new business. total net revenue growth, pre-tax profit margin, eps, return on average common stockholders' equity, and the consolidated tier 1 leverage ratio provide broad indicators of schwab's overall financial health, operating efficiency, and ability to generate acceptable returns. total expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets is a measure of operating efficiency.
our consolidated financial statements include the results of operations and financial condition of td ameritrade beginning on october 6, 2020, as discussed below. results for the years ended december 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are as follows:
growth rate 1-year 2021-2022                       2022                       2021                       2020
assets receiving ongoing advisory services (in billions, at year end)                                     (10)%               $3,673.2                   $4,064.4                   $3,300.1
client cash as a percentage of client assets (at year end)                                                                        12.3   %                   10.9   %                   12.3   %
company financial information and metrics total net revenues                                                                                          12%                $20,762                    $18,520                    $11,691
net revenue growth from prior year                                                                                                  12   %                     58   %                      9   %
pre-tax profit margin                                                                                                             45.2   %                   41.6   %                   36.8   %
expenses excluding interest as a percentage of average client assets                                                              0.16   %                   0.14   %                   0.16   %
non-gaap financial measures (3)
(1) 2022 includes outflows of $20.8 billion from certain mutual fund clearing services clients. 2021 includes outflows of $42.0 billion from certain mutual fund clearing services clients. 2020 includes inflows of $1.6 trillion related to the acquisition of td ameritrade, $79.9 billion related to the acquisition of the assets of usaa-imco, $8.5 billion related to the acquisition of wasmer schroeder, and $10.9 billion from a mutual fund clearing services client.
(2) 2020 includes 14.5 million new brokerage accounts related to the acquisition of td ameritrade and 1.1 million new brokerage accounts related to the acquisition of assets from usaa-imco.
(3) see non-gaap financial measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to gaap reported results.
(4) adjusted total expenses is a non-gaap financial measure adjusting total expenses excluding interest. see non-gaap financial measures.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
schwab's 2022 financial results reflected strong performance against a challenging economic backdrop. our clients faced a very difficult environment throughout the year, encountering inflation and global economic concerns, with russia's invasion of ukraine exacerbating the impact. equity markets suffered their worst year since 2008, with the s&p 500® and nasdaq composite® contracting 19% and 33%, respectively, in 2022, while investor sentiment remained bearish throughout the year. at the same time, the federal reserve raised short-term rates at the fastest pace in 40 years, ultimately increasing the fed funds rate seven times to reach an upper bound of 4.50% in december. additionally, uncertainty around future macroeconomic growth increased in the second half of the year, weighing on longer-term rates and leading to an inverted yield curve.
through these challenges, clients continued to turn to schwab for help in achieving their financial goals. core net new assets in 2022 totaled $427.7 billion, representing an organic growth rate of 5%, which included significant tax-related outflows in april. total client assets were $7.05 trillion at december 31, 2022, down 13% from year-end 2021, as market value declines of approximately $1.5 trillion in client assets more than offset the company's continued asset gathering during the year. dats in 2022 were 5.9 million, down 9% from the prior year, as trading volume subsided from the extraordinary levels seen in 2021. new brokerage accounts were also down from the prior year, as clients opened 4.0 million new brokerage accounts in 2022; active brokerage accounts totaled 33.8 million at december 31, 2022, up 2% from year-end 2021.
schwab's financial performance in 2022 reflected the resiliency of our diversified financial model in a challenging macroeconomic environment and impacts from higher market interest rates. net income totaled $7.2 billion in 2022 and diluted eps was $3.50, representing year-over-year growth of 23% and 24%, respectively. adjusted diluted eps (1), which excludes acquisition and integration-related costs, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and related income tax effects, was $3.90 in 2022, up from $3.25 in 2021.
total net revenues rose 12% year-over-year to $20.8 billion in 2022. net interest revenue increased to $10.7 billion, rising 33% from 2021 as significantly higher market rates more than offset the impact of balance sheet contraction due to client cash allocation decisions. asset management and administration fees totaled $4.2 billion in 2022, down 1% year-over-year as lower market valuations throughout the year offset the benefit of lower money market fund fee waivers. trading revenue declined by 12% to $3.7 billion in 2022, due to lower dats relative to the extraordinary trading volume seen in 2021 and changes in mix of client trading activity. bank deposit account fee revenue was $1.4 billion in 2022, up 7% from 2021 as higher average net yields more than offset lower average bda balances. bda balances totaled $126.6 billion at december 31, 2022, down 20% from year-end 2021, reflecting client cash allocation decisions and migrations to our balance sheet.
total expenses excluding interest amounted to $11.4 billion in 2022, increasing 5% from 2021, and adjusted total expenses (1) were $10.4 billion, up 7% from the prior year. these increases reflected higher compensation and benefits expense and higher occupancy and equipment expense, as we continued to invest in our people and technology to support ongoing growth in our client base. these increases were partially offset by lower other expense, which included a charge of approximately $200 million in 2021 (see item 8 - note 15). acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangibles were $392 million and $596 million, respectively, in 2022, compared with $468 million and $615 million, respectively, in 2021.
return on average common stockholders' equity grew to 18% in 2022 from 11% in 2021, while return on tangible common equity (1) (rotce) increased to 42% in 2022 compared with 22% in 2021. the increases in both return on average common stockholders' equity and rotce were due primarily to lower stockholders' equity and growth in net income. stockholders' equity declined in 2022 primarily due to a significant decrease in aoci, as higher market interest rates resulted in larger unrealized losses on our afs investment securities portfolio. in january and november 2022, the company transferred $108.8 billion and $79.8 billion, respectively, of investment securities from the afs category to the held to maturity (htm) category (see capital management and item 8 - note 6).
the company continued its diligent approach to balance sheet management in 2022, maintaining appropriate capital and liquidity to support client activity and returning excess capital to stockholders. as market rates rose from near-zero levels at the beginning of the year, clients allocated a growing portion of their assets to higher yielding cash and fixed income alternatives. total balance sheet assets decreased 17% year-over-year to $551.8 billion at december 31, 2022 as a result of these client cash allocation decisions and unrealized losses on afs securities, both resulting primarily from higher market interest rates. to facilitate these client cash movements, we took steps to enhance our liquidity by limiting new portfolio investments to help build available cash and utilizing short-term funding sources including fhlb advances and retail certificates of deposit.
(1) adjusted diluted eps, adjusted total expenses, and return on tangible common equity are non-gaap financial measures. please see non-gaap financial measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to gaap reported results.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
we increased our common stock dividend by 22% during 2022, and implemented a $15 billion share repurchase authorization in july. repurchases under this new authorization totaled 47 million shares for $3.4 billion in 2022. the company issued $750 million in preferred stock in the first quarter of 2022, and redeemed a total of $1.0 billion of preferred stock during the second half of the year. inclusive of these actions, the company's tier 1 leverage ratio finished the year at 7.2%, above our operating objective of 6.50%-6.75%.
schwab delivered strong growth and financial performance in 2021, consistently executing on our "through clients' eyes" strategy throughout a fluctuating macroeconomic environment. early in 2021 we saw strengthened investor optimism, fueled by an advancing economic recovery and signs of improvement in the covid-19 pandemic. as the year progressed, debates increased over the pace of economic growth, the path of inflation, and the ultimate impact of multiple global market disruptions. after major equity indices rose throughout the first half of 2021, they were essentially flat during the summer months before ending the year at near-record levels. while short-term interest rates remained near zero throughout 2021, longer-term rates began to rise initially, then eased and rose again as the 10-year treasury yield finally ended 2021 at 1.52%, up 59 basis points from year-end 2020.
investors were actively engaged with the markets throughout 2021, including extraordinary trading volume in the first quarter, and client activity throughout the remainder of the year also generally exceeded the fourth quarter of 2020 when we included td ameritrade in our results for the first time. asset gathering was strong throughout 2021, as core net new assets totaled $558.2 billion, representing an 8% annual organic growth rate from year-end 2020. we ended 2021 with $8.14 trillion in client assets and 33.2 million brokerage accounts, representing increases of 22% and 12%, respectively, from december 31, 2020. even as we worked to support heightened levels of client activity during 2021, the company continued to drive progress across our key strategic priorities of scale and efficiency, win-win monetization, and segmentation. we also made significant progress in 2021 on our integration of td ameritrade.
schwab produced strong financial performance during 2021, reflecting consistent execution of our strategy, strong client engagement, and a generally supportive macroeconomic backdrop. net income totaled $5.9 billion during 2021, increasing 77% from 2020, while diluted eps amounted to $2.83, increasing 33% from the prior year. adjusted diluted eps (1) amounted to $3.25, increasing 33% from 2020. comparisons of our financial results in 2021 with those of 2020 were significantly impacted by the first full-year inclusion of td ameritrade in 2021.
total net revenues increased 58% from 2020 to reach $18.5 billion in 2021, supported by growth across all of our major revenue streams. net interest revenue totaled $8.0 billion in 2021, increasing 31% from 2020 primarily due to the inclusion of td ameritrade as well as significant growth in interest-earning assets, including rising investment portfolio balances and increased utilization of our range of lending products, partially offset by lower average yields. asset management and administration fees grew 23% over the prior year to reach $4.3 billion due to the inclusion of td ameritrade as well as rising balances in advice solutions and both proprietary and third-party mutual funds and etfs, partially offset by lower revenue on money market funds.
trading revenue was $4.2 billion in 2021, nearly three times the prior year total of $1.4 billion, as the full-year inclusion of td ameritrade and the overall strong trading environment drove a significant increase in dats. trading revenue was also helped in 2021 by a higher proportion of derivatives trades, which contributed to higher revenue per trade. a full year of bank deposit account fees totaled $1.3 billion in 2021. bda balances totaled $158.6 billion at december 31, 2021, down 3% from the year-end 2020 balance of $163.5 billion, reflecting migrations to schwab's balance sheet during 2021.
total expenses excluding interest were $10.8 billion in 2021, increasing 46% from 2020 due to the full-year inclusion of td ameritrade's results as well as higher compensation and benefits expense, which was driven by additional headcount to support our expanding client base and a higher bonus accrual, as well as merit increases and a 5% employee salary increase we implemented at the end of the third quarter of 2021. during 2021, acquisition and integration-related costs were $468 million, increasing from $442 million in 2020, and amortization of acquired intangible assets totaled $615 million, rising from $190 million in 2020. exclusive of these items, adjusted total expenses (1) were $9.7 billion in 2021, increasing 44% from 2020.
return on average common stockholders' equity was 11% in 2021, growing from 9% in 2020, and rotce (1) was 22% in 2021, up from 15% in 2020. the increases in both return on average common stockholders' equity and rotce were primarily a result of significantly higher net income in 2021.
(1) adjusted diluted eps, adjusted total expenses, and return on tangible common equity are non-gaap financial measures. please see non-gaap financial measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to gaap reported results.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the company continued its consistent approach to balance sheet management in 2021, supporting overall growth and liquidity. total balance sheet assets rose to $667.3 billion at december 31, 2021, increasing 22% from year-end 2020, driven primarily by client asset flows, as well as $10.6 billion in bda balance migrations. we also added a net $10.2 billion to outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt for liquidity management purposes, and increased preferred stock by a net $2.3 billion to help support continued business growth. the company's tier 1 leverage ratio was 6.2% at year-end 2021.
though significantly heightened client activity levels during the first quarter of 2021 impacted our service quality at times, we took multiple actions to better deliver the service experience our clients deserve and rely on, including enhancing online self-service capabilities, streamlining our call-routing processes, and increasing hiring. our efforts began yielding results early in 2021, with significant improvement in client service levels by the end of the first quarter of 2021, and our service levels continued to be improved throughout the remainder of 2021 as client activity moderated.
business and asset acquisitions td ameritrade effective october 6, 2020, the company completed its acquisition of td ameritrade. td ameritrade provides securities brokerage services, including trade execution, clearing services, and margin lending; and futures and foreign exchange trade execution services. the company revalued and recorded td ameritrade's assets and liabilities at their estimated fair value as of the date of acquisition.
the company expects to continue to incur significant acquisition and integration-related costs and integration-related capital expenditures throughout the remaining integration process. such costs have included, and are expected to continue to include, professional fees, such as legal, advisory, and accounting fees, compensation and benefits expenses for employees and contractors involved in the integration work, and costs for technology enhancements. the company has also incurred exit and other related costs to attain anticipated synergies, which are primarily comprised of employee compensation and benefits such as severance pay, other termination benefits, and retention costs, as well as costs related to facility closures such as accelerated amortization and depreciation or impairments of assets in those locations. as a result of the significant growth seen beginning in late 2020 and early 2021 across key client volume metrics, including the number of active brokerage accounts, dats, and peak daily trades, the company determined in 2021 to increase the scope of technology work related to the integration, and commenced greater technology build-out to support the expanded volumes of our combined client base.
based on our current integration plans, the company expects to complete most client transitions from td ameritrade to schwab across multiple groups over the course of 2023, with the transition of a small client group in the first half of 2024. the first transition of client accounts was completed in february 2023. we expect to incur total acquisition and integration-related costs and capital expenditures of between $2.4 billion and $2.5 billion, which reflects increased costs resulting from incremental complexity in transition work, due in part to the replacement of certain vendor resources following russia's invasion of ukraine, as well as overall inflationary pressures.
the company's estimates of the nature, amounts, and timing of recognition of acquisition and integration-related costs remain subject to change based on a number of factors, including the expected duration and complexity of the integration process and the continued uncertainty of the economic environment. more specifically, factors that could cause variability in our expected acquisition and integration-related costs include the level of employee attrition and availability of third-party labor, workforce redeployment from eliminated positions into open roles, changes in the levels of client activity, as well as changes in the scope and cost of technology and real estate-related exit cost variability due to the effects of changes in remote working trends.
acquisition and integration-related costs, which are inclusive of related exit costs, totaled $392 million, $468 million, and $442 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and the company expects to incur acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $450-$550 million in 2023. over the course of the integration, we continue to expect to realize annualized cost synergies of between $1.8 billion and $2.0 billion, and, through december 31, 2022, we have achieved over 65% of this amount on an annualized run-rate basis. the company expects to achieve the vast majority of the remaining estimated cost synergies by the end of 2024, with anticipated full year synergy realization beginning in 2025. estimated timing and amounts of synergy realization are subject to change as we progress in the integration. see also results of operations - total expenses excluding interest, non-gaap financial measures, and item 8 - notes 3 and 16.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
current regulatory environment and other developments in december 2022, the sec proposed a set of four related equity market structure rules that would make significant changes to how national market system (nms) stock orders are priced, executed and reported. the four proposed rules are described below.
•the "order competition rule" would require that, before most individual investors' orders could be executed internally by a trading center (like wholesaler market makers), those orders must first be exposed to a qualifying order-by-order auction in which both market makers and institutional investors can participate.
•"regulation best execution" would establish an sec-level best execution standard (in addition to the existing finra and msrb best execution rules) for broker-dealers and require them to establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures addressing how the broker-dealer will comply with the best execution standard and make routing or execution decisions for customer orders. regulation best execution would apply not only to equities, but to all securities.
•amendments to rule 605 of regulation nms requiring enhanced disclosures of order execution quality for large brokers that handle retail orders.
•a rule to (i) amend minimum pricing increments (or tick sizes) that would apply to both the quoting and trading of nms stocks, (ii) reduce the exchange access fee caps, and (iii) require transparency of odd-lots.
the comment periods for the proposed rules end on march 31, 2023 and the impact to schwab cannot be assessed until the final rules are released.
in november 2022, the sec proposed a rule that would require substantial changes to the liquidity risk management programs for open-end mutual funds other than money market funds (funds) and require them to implement "swing pricing" and impose a "hard close" on the acceptance of purchase and redemption orders. swing pricing would require funds to adjust the fund's current net asset value (nav) per share by a "swing factor" if the fund has either (i) net redemptions (no threshold) or (ii) net purchases that exceed a specified threshold (2% of the fund's net assets). to implement the swing pricing requirements, the proposed rule also would require that a fund, its transfer agent, or a registered clearing agency receive purchase and redemption orders prior to the time the fund has established for determining the nav, typically market close, in order to receive a given day's nav (a "hard close"). current practices permit fund orders received by a financial intermediary prior to the fund cut-off time to be transmitted to the fund after the fund cut-off time and for the order to receive that day's nav. under the proposed rule, orders received by the fund, its transfer agent or registered clearing agency after the fund cut-off time would receive the next day's nav. the comment period for the proposed rule ended on february 14, 2023 and the impact to schwab cannot be assessed until the final rule is released.
in may 2022, the federal banking agencies issued a joint notice of proposed rulemaking that would substantially revise how an insured depository institution's cra performance is evaluated. the proposed rule includes revisions relating to the delineation of assessment areas, the overall evaluation framework and performance standards and metrics, the definition of community development activities and data collection and reporting. the comment period for the proposed rule ended on august 5, 2022 and the impact to schwab cannot be assessed until the final rule is released.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
results of operations total net revenues total net revenues of $20.8 billion and $18.5 billion for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represented growth of 12% and 58% from the prior periods.
growth rate                    amount              % of                    amount              % of                    amount              % of
asset management and administration fees mutual funds, etfs, and collective trust funds                5     %                2,055               10     %                1,961               11     %                1,770               15     %
asset management and administration fees                    (1)     %                4,216               20     %                4,274               23     %                3,475               30     %
n/m not meaningful. percentage changes greater than 200% are presented as not meaningful.
net interest revenue schwab's primary interest-earning assets include cash and cash equivalents; cash and investments segregated; margin loans, which constitute the majority of receivables from brokerage clients; investment securities; and bank loans. fees earned and expenses incurred on securities lending and borrowing activities are conducted by our broker-dealer subsidiaries using assets held in client brokerage accounts. schwab's interest-bearing liabilities are comprised of bank deposits, which include brokered certificates of deposit beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022; payables to brokerage clients; short-term borrowings (e.g., fhlb advances, commercial paper, secured borrowings by our broker-dealer subsidiaries, or repurchase agreements); and long-term debt. schwab deploys the funds from these sources into the assets outlined above.
as schwab builds its client base, we attract new client sweep cash, which is a primary driver of funding balance sheet growth. we do not use short-term, wholesale borrowings to support our long-term investment activity, but may use such funding for short-term liquidity purposes or to provide temporary funding. non-interest-bearing funding sources include stockholders' equity, certain client cash balances, and other miscellaneous liabilities.
the company's investment strategy is designed to produce an increase in net interest revenue when interest rates rise while attempting to moderate the decrease in net interest revenue when interest rates fall. in order to keep interest-rate sensitivity within established limits, management actively monitors and adjusts interest-rate sensitivity through changes in the balance sheet, primarily by adjusting the composition of our banking subsidiaries' investment portfolios.
revenue on interest-earning assets is affected by various factors, such as the composition of assets, prevailing interest rates and spreads at the time of origination or purchase, changes in interest rates on floating-rate securities and loans, and changes in prepayment levels for mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and loans. schwab establishes the rates paid on client-
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
related liabilities, and management expects that it will generally adjust the rates paid on these liabilities at some fraction of any movement in short-term rates. interest expense on long-term debt, short-term borrowings, and other funding sources is impacted by market interest rates at the time of borrowing and changes in interest rates on floating-rate liabilities. see also risk management - interest rate risk simulations.
interest rates increased significantly from year-end 2021 through year-end 2022. short-term rates were near zero until the federal reserve began its aggressive tightening cycle in march 2022 in response to rising inflation, ultimately increasing the federal funds target overnight rate seven times between march and december for a total increase of 425 basis points. long-term interest rates increased throughout 2022, though at a less rapid pace, leading to an inverted yield curve.
schwab continued to see strength in net new client assets during 2022, which, along with transfers of bda balances to the company's balance sheet (see bank deposit account fees), drove growth in schwab's average interest-earning assets in 2022 relative to 2021. partially offsetting this growth, we experienced significant seasonal tax outflows in the second quarter, and, due to the rapid increases to the federal funds overnight rate, changes in client cash allocations increased in the second half of 2022 which resulted in a total decrease in bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients of 18% since year-end 2021. during 2022, the company increased its cash holdings and reduced the duration of incremental investment securities purchases, which has provided flexibility to support such changes in client cash allocations associated with higher short-term interest rates.
during 2021, interest rates remained historically low. short-term rates remained near zero throughout 2021; longer-term interest rates began to rise early in the year, then remained largely unchanged before rising again in the fourth quarter. elevated levels of prepayments on mortgage-backed securities persisted throughout the continued low interest rate environment in 2021 and resulted in accelerated reinvestment of the afs portfolio; purchases of afs securities totaled $171.7 billion in 2021. schwab saw consistent strength in new client brokerage accounts and net new client assets throughout 2021, driving growth in schwab's interest-earning assets. at the same time, client engagement in the equity markets increased and clients were net buyers of equity securities and other investment products, resulting in outflows of client cash and partially offsetting the growth in interest-earning assets in 2021 relative to 2020.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following table presents net interest revenue information corresponding to interest-earning assets and funding sources on the consolidated balance sheets:
(1) amounts have been calculated based on amortized cost. interest revenue on investment securities is presented net of related premium amortization.
(2) in january 2022 and november 2022, the company transferred a portion of its investment securities designated as afs to the htm category, as described in item 8 - note 6.
net interest revenue increased $2.7 billion or 33%, in 2022 from 2021 primarily due to higher average yields on interest-earning assets as a result of higher market interest rates. net premium amortization of investment securities decreased to $1.4 billion from $2.3 billion in 2021. these benefits were partially offset by higher rates paid on funding sources, higher average short-term borrowings and long-term debt outstanding, and lower balances of margin loans and lower securities lending revenue due to decreased market demand.
average interest-earning assets for 2022 were higher by 8%, compared to 2021. this increase was primarily due to higher average balances of bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients, which resulted from net new client asset inflows as well as transfers of bda balances to our balance sheet during 2022. these year-over-year increases in average balances were offset by client cash allocation decisions in response to higher short-term market interest rates during 2022, as clients moved certain cash balances out of bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients.
net interest margin increased to 1.78% in 2022, from 1.45% in 2021. higher market interest rates improved yields on interest-earning assets, which more than offset the higher rates paid across interest-bearing funding sources.
net interest revenue increased $1.9 billion, or 31%, in 2021 from 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of td ameritrade as well as significant growth in overall interest-earning assets, including higher investment portfolio balances and margin lending, as well as growth in securities lending revenue and bank loans, partially offset by lower average yields. accelerated premium amortization stemming from elevated prepayments of mortgage-related debt securities in the afs portfolio continued in 2021 and partially offset the growth in net interest revenue. net premium amortization of investment securities totaled $2.3 billion in
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2021 and $1.6 billion in 2020. td ameritrade contributed total net interest revenue of $1.9 billion during the year ended december 31, 2021 and $443 million in 2020 from october 6, through december 31, 2020.
average interest-earning assets for 2021 were higher by 46%, compared to 2020. this increase was largely due to higher bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients, which resulted from strong net new client asset inflows, continued heightened client cash allocations driven by the low interest rate environment in 2021, bda balance migrations, and the inclusion of td ameritrade for all of 2021.
our net interest margin declined to 1.45% in 2021, from 1.62% in 2020. this decrease was driven primarily by lower overall yields received on interest-earning assets, in part due to purchases of investment securities in 2020 and 2021 at rates below the average yield on the afs portfolio. this more than offset the benefit of increased securities lending revenue and higher margin utilization in 2021, which comprised 39% of net interest revenue during 2021, growing from 19% of net interest revenue in 2020.
asset management and administration fees asset management and administration fees include mutual fund, etf, and ctf service fees and fees for other asset-based financial services provided to individual and institutional clients. schwab earns mutual fund, etf, and ctf service fees for shareholder services, administration, and investment management provided to its proprietary funds, and recordkeeping and shareholder services provided to third-party funds. asset management and administration fees are based upon the daily balances of client assets invested in these funds and do not include securities lending revenues earned by proprietary mutual funds, etfs, and ctfs, as those amounts, net of program fees, are credited to the fund shareholders. proprietary ctfs may, but generally do not, directly participate in securities lending. the fair values of client assets included in proprietary and third-party mutual funds, etfs, and ctfs are based on quoted market prices and other observable market data.
we also earn asset management fees for advice solutions, which include managed portfolios, specialized strategies, and customized investment advice. other asset management and administration fees include various asset-based fees such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, mutual fund clearing fees, and non-balance based service and transaction fees.
asset management and administration fees vary with changes in the balances of client assets due to market fluctuations and client activity.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following table presents asset management and administration fees, average client assets, and average fee yields:
average                   revenue                 average                       average                   revenue                 average                       average                   revenue                 average client                                               fee                        client                                               fee                        client                                               fee assets                                                                          assets                                                                          assets schwab money market funds before fee                                      $179,791                      $499                    0.28    %                 $155,821                      $457                    0.29    %                 $200,119                      $605                    0.30    %
schwab money market funds                                                  179,791                       442                    0.25    %                  155,821                       131                    0.08    %                  200,119                       478                    0.24    %
total asset management and administration fees                                                        $4,216                                                                          $4,274                                                                          $3,475
(2) beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020, includes third-party money funds related to the acquisition of td ameritrade.
(4) includes various asset-related fees, such as trust fees, 401(k) recordkeeping fees, and mutual fund clearing fees and other service fees.
(5) includes miscellaneous service and transaction fees relating to mutual funds and etfs that are not balance-based.
asset management and administration fees declined by $58 million, or 1%, in 2022 from 2021, due to lower balances in mutual fund onesource® and other third-party mutual funds, as well as advice solutions, relative to 2021. balances declined primarily due to equity market weakness during 2022, which negatively impacted client asset valuations. these decreases offset the benefit of lower money market fund fee waivers, which were eliminated during the second quarter of 2022 as a result of the federal reserve's increases to the federal funds target overnight rate.
asset management and administration fees increased by $799 million, or 23%, in 2021 from 2020, due to the acquisition of td ameritrade, as well as additional growth in advice solutions and proprietary and third-party mutual funds and etfs, which were due in part to strength in net new client assets and equity markets in 2021. these increases were partially offset by the effect of money market fund fee waivers due to lower portfolio yields as well as lower money market fund balances. asset management and administration fees attributable to td ameritrade were $598 million in 2021 and $131 million from october 6, through december 31, 2020.
the following table presents a roll forward of client assets for the schwab money market funds, schwab equity and bond funds, etfs, and ctfs, and mutual fund onesource® and other ntf funds. the following funds generated 33%, 29%, and 40% of the asset management and administration fees earned during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively:
market funds                                                             bond funds, etfs, and ctfs                                                                    and other ntf funds year ended december 31,                         2022                      2021                      2020                      2022                       2021                          2020                          2022                       2021                          2020
balance at beginning of period                              $146,509                  $176,089                  $200,826                  $454,864                      $341,689                      $286,275                   $234,940                      $223,857                      $202,068
net market gains (losses) and other (1)                        1,934      41                                       1,157                  (77,078)                        64,884                        38,214                     44,649                        26,843                        42,035
balance at end of period                                    $278,926                  $146,509                  $176,089                  $412,942                      $454,864                      $341,689                   $235,738                      $234,940                      $223,857
(1) includes $77.7 billion of transfers from other third-party mutual funds and etfs to mutual fund onesource® and other ntf funds in 2022.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
trading revenue trading revenue includes commissions, order flow revenue, and principal transaction revenues. commission revenue is affected by volume and mix of trades executed. order flow revenue is comprised of payments received from trade execution venues to which our broker-dealer subsidiaries send equity and option orders. order flow revenue is affected by volume and mix of client trades, as well as pricing received from trade execution venues. principal transaction revenue is recognized primarily as a result of accommodating clients' fixed income trading activity, and includes adjustments to the fair value of securities positions held to facilitate such client trading activity. principal transaction revenue also includes unrealized gains and losses on cash and investments segregated for regulatory purposes.
the following tables present trading revenue, trade details, and related information:
year ended december 31,              growth rate                    2022                    2021                    2020
n/m not meaningful. percentage changes greater than 200% are presented as not meaningful.
year ended december 31,                                     growth rate                          2022                      2021                      2020
product as a percentage of dats equities                                                                                       50   %                    61   %                    57   %
number of trading days                                      -                               250.5                     251.5                     252.0
(1) revenue per trade is calculated as trading revenue divided by dats multiplied by the number of trading days.
trading revenue decreased $479 million, or 12%, in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to lower client trading activity in 2022 relative to 2021, driven by the extraordinary trading volume experienced during the first quarter of 2021, as well as changes in the mix of client trading activity toward more etfs and fewer single stocks, and toward more index options and futures and fewer single stock options. these factors drove lower commissions and order flow revenue in 2022 relative to 2021. partially offsetting these decreases, principal transactions revenue increased as a result of higher volume in clients' fixed income trading and higher market interest rates.
trading revenue increased $2.7 billion, or 193%, in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the acquisition of td ameritrade and heightened client engagement, which drove significantly higher dats throughout 2021. this increased trading activity and a higher percentage of derivatives trades drove significant growth in commissions and order flow revenue. overall, td ameritrade contributed $3.3 billion of trading revenue during the year ended december 31, 2021, compared with $667 million of trading revenue from october 6, 2020 through december 31, 2020.
bank deposit account fees the company earns bank deposit account fee revenue pursuant to the ida agreement with the td depository institutions and arrangements with other third-party banks. bank deposit account fees are primarily affected by average bda balances and the fixed- and floating-rate reference yields. fees earned under the ida agreement are affected by changes in interest rates and the composition of balances designated as fixed- and floating-rate.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
year ended                percent change december 31,
percentage of average bda balances designated as:
in connection with our acquisition of td ameritrade, the company began earning bank deposit account fee revenue beginning in the fourth quarter of 2020. bank deposit account fees totaled $355 million from october 6, 2020 through december 31, 2020. during the same period, the total average bda balance was $161.3 billion, of which 79% was designated as fixed-rate obligation amounts and 21% as floating-rate obligation amounts.
bank deposit account fees increased $94 million, or 7%, in 2022 compared to 2021. this was primarily due to higher market interest rates, which helped to increase the average net yield in 2022. the company transferred net amounts of $21.0 billion and $10.6 billion of bda balances to its balance sheet from the td depository institutions and other third-party banks during 2022 and 2021, respectively. the transfer of these balances to our balance sheet, as well as client cash allocation decisions in response to higher short-term market interest rates in 2022, led to the decrease in average bda balances in 2022 compared to 2021. the percentages of bda balances designated as fixed-rate and floating-rate obligations as of december 31, 2022 were 87% and 13%, respectively.
subsequent to december 31, 2022, the company ended its arrangements with the other third-party banks to simplify bank sweep operations ahead of the first td ameritrade client transition group in february 2023. as a result of ending these arrangements, the company incurred breakage fees of $97 million in january 2023, recognized as a reduction to bank deposit account fee revenue. the bda balances previously held at these other third-party banks were moved to the td depository institutions. in addition, the fdic implemented a 2-basis-point increase to the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate, which became effective for the first quarterly assessment period in 2023. this increase in the fdic's deposit insurance assessment will result in a decrease to bank deposit account fees revenue in 2023, which will be dependent on bda balance levels. see item 1 - regulation for additional information.
transfers of bda balances to schwab's balance sheet result in lower balances upon which bank deposit account fee revenue is earned but provide a source of funding to invest in interest-earning assets to increase net interest revenue. see also capital management and item 8 - note 15 for discussion of the ida agreement and the potential to move ida balances to schwab's balance sheet.
other revenue other revenue includes exchange processing fees, certain service fees, other gains and losses from the sale of assets, and the provision for credit losses on bank loans.
other revenue increased $33 million, or 4%, in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to higher exchange processing fees, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses on bank loans, certain lower service fees due to lower trading volume, and net losses on sales of afs securities in 2022. exchange processing fees increased as a result of an sec fee rate increase which became effective in the second quarter of 2022, and the provision for credit losses on bank loans increased as a result of higher loan loss factors driven primarily by higher forecasted interest rates and growth of the loan portfolio. in addition, other revenue in 2022 included $46 million in gains on the sale of schwab compliance technologies, inc. and certain investments. other revenue increased $417 million, or 126%, in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the full-year inclusion of td ameritrade's results in 2021. other revenue attributable to td ameritrade totaled $462 million and $110 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
subsequent to year-end 2022, the sec announced it would decrease its fee rates effective february 27, 2023 by approximately 65% from the rate in effect since may 2022. this change will result in lower exchange processing fees per security transaction in other revenue and a corresponding decrease in other expense, resulting in no impact to net income.
total expenses excluding interest the following table shows a comparison of total expenses excluding interest:
growth rate 2021-2022                     2022                     2021                     2020
compensation and benefits salaries and wages                                                   12         %               $3,527                   $3,161                   $2,416
employee benefits and other                                          12         %                  951                      846                      606
total compensation and benefits                                       9         %               $5,936                   $5,450                   $3,954
professional services                                                 4         %                1,032                      994                      843
advertising and market development                                 (14)         %                  419                      485                      326
amortization of acquired intangible assets                          (3)         %                  596                      615                      190
regulatory fees and assessments                                     (5)         %                  262                      275                      163
expenses as a percentage of total net revenues compensation and benefits                                                                           29   %                   29   %                   34   %
advertising and market development                                                                   2   %                    3   %                    3   %
total expenses excluding interest increased $567 million, or 5%, in 2022 from 2021, and $3.4 billion, or 46%, in 2021 from 2020. adjusted total expenses, which excludes acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets, increased $662 million, or 7%, in 2022 from 2021 and $3.0 billion, or 44%, in 2021 from 2020. see non-gaap financial measures for further details and a reconciliation of such measures to gaap reported results.
total compensation and benefits increased in 2022 from 2021 due to growth in employee headcount to support our expanding client base, annual merit increases, as well as a 5% employee salary increase and other targeted compensation adjustments that went into effect in late 2021. the 2021 increase reflected tda's full-year contribution of $1.2 billion of compensation and benefits expense compared with $453 million in 2020. the increase in 2021 was also due to additional headcount to support our expanding client base and service levels amidst heightened client engagement, a higher bonus accrual, annual merit increases, as well as a 5% employee salary increase and other targeted compensation adjustments that went into effect in late 2021. compensation and benefits included acquisition and integration-related costs of $220 million, $283 million, and $235 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. in support of upcoming tda client account transitions, we anticipate hiring additional headcount in 2023 to temporarily expand our client service capacity, which will result in higher compensation and benefits expense in 2023.
professional services expense increased in 2022 from 2021, primarily due to increased utilization of technology-related and other professional services to support overall growth of the business and enhancement to technological infrastructure to support our expanding client base, as well as the integration of td ameritrade. the increase in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to the inclusion of tda's results of operations and overall growth in the business. professional services included acquisition and integration-related costs of $140 million, $132 million, and $158 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. in support of
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
upcoming tda client account transitions, we anticipate additional integration-related professional services costs in 2023, which will result in higher professional services expense in 2023.
occupancy and equipment expense increased in 2022 from 2021, primarily due to an increase in software maintenance and other agreements as well as other technology equipment costs to support growth of the business and the integration of td ameritrade. the increase in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to the inclusion of tda's results of operations, costs related to the integration of td ameritrade, and overall growth in the business. occupancy and equipment included acquisition and integration-related costs of $21 million and $39 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
advertising and market development expense decreased in 2022 from 2021, primarily as a result of decreases in spending for marketing communications for td ameritrade. the increase in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due the inclusion of tda's results of operations.
communications expense was flat in 2022 compared to 2021. the increase in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to the inclusion of tda's results of operations, as well as higher communications expense due to higher customer trade volumes and overall growth of the business.
depreciation and amortization expense increased in 2022 from 2021, primarily as a result of higher amortization of purchased and internally developed software and higher depreciation of hardware, driven by capital expenditures in 2021 and 2022 to support the tda integration and enhance our technological infrastructure to support growth of the business. the growth in depreciation and amortization in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to growth in fixed assets from the tda acquisition, and also reflected higher amortization of purchased and internally developed software and higher depreciation of hardware, as well as higher depreciation of buildings. capital expenditures in 2022 and anticipated for 2023 as described below are expected to result in higher depreciation and amortization expense in 2023.
amortization of acquired intangible assets decreased slightly in 2022 from 2021, as certain assets from the tda acquisition were fully amortized by the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2022. the increase in 2021 from 2020 was a result of our 2020 acquisitions.
regulatory fees and assessments decreased in 2022 from 2021, primarily as a result of lower client trading activity, partially offset by higher fdic assessments and other regulatory assessments due to year-over-year average asset growth and overall growth of the business. the increase in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to the inclusion of tda's results of operations and overall growth in the business, including higher fdic assessments due to asset growth. the fdic implemented a 2-basis-point increase to the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate, which became effective for the first quarterly assessment period in 2023. dependent on average asset levels, this increase in the fdic's deposit insurance assessment may result in an increase in regulatory fees and assessments in 2023. see item 1 - regulation for additional information.
other expense decreased in 2022 from 2021, primarily due to the recognition of a charge of approximately $200 million for a now-settled regulatory matter in 2021 (see item 8 - note 15), partially offset by higher exchange processing fees as a result of fee rate increases beginning in the second quarter of 2022 and also higher clearing charges. the increase in 2021 from 2020 was primarily due to inclusion of tda's results of operations and the charge of the regulatory matter, partially offset by lower clearing charges and exchange fees. subsequent to year-end 2022, the sec announced it would decrease its fee rates effective february 27, 2023 by approximately 65% from the rate in effect since may 2022. this change will result in lower exchange processing fees per security transaction in other expense and a corresponding decrease in other revenue, resulting in no impact to net income.
capital expenditures primarily include capitalized software costs, information technology and telecommunications equipment, and buildings. total capital expenditures were $952 million, $1,041 million, and $741 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. capital expenditures decreased 9% in 2022 compared to 2021, as higher capitalized software costs were offset by lower building expansion and capitalized information technology equipment. extensive work continued in 2022 on the integration of tda and enhancement of our technological infrastructure to support greater capacity for our expanding client base. capital expenditures increased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher information technology and telecommunications equipment and higher capitalized software costs reflecting investments made to support our tda integration efforts and an expanding client base, partially offset by lower building expansion. capitalized software costs totaled $614 million, $559 million, and $453 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. investments in information technology and telecommunications equipment were $280 million, $340 million, and $60 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. investments in buildings were $22 million, $102 million, and $173 million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
capital expenditures were 5% of total net revenues in 2022, within our estimated range for the year. in 2023, we will continue to invest to support the tda integration and greater capacity for our expanding client base, and we anticipate capital expenditures in 2023 will be approximately 3-4% of total net revenues. our longer term expectation for capital expenditures remains in the range of 3-5% of total net revenues.
taxes on income schwab's effective income tax rate on income before taxes was 23.5% in 2022, 24.1% in 2021, and 23.3% in 2020. the decrease in the effective tax rate in 2022 from 2021 was primarily related to the reversal of tax reserves in 2022 due to the resolution of certain state tax matters and tax benefits recognized on the portion of the 2021 regulatory matter charge (see item 8 - note 15) that was determined upon final settlement to be deductible. partially offsetting the decreases in the effective tax rate from these items was a decrease in equity compensation tax deduction benefits, higher state income tax rates, and an increase in non-deductible compensation in 2022. the increase in the effective tax rate in 2021 from 2020 was primarily related to non-recurring federal tax benefits recognized in 2020, including settlement of the irs examination for tax years 2011-2014, the tax impact of the 2021 regulatory matter charge, and additional income tax expense from the filing of 2020 tax returns during 2021. partially offsetting the increases in the effective tax rate from these items was an increase in equity compensation tax deduction benefits during 2021.
segment information revenues and expenses are attributed to the two segments based on which segment services the client. management evaluates the performance of the segments on a pre-tax basis. segment assets and liabilities are not used for evaluating segment performance or in deciding how to allocate resources to segments. net revenues in both segments are generated from the underlying client assets and trading activity; differences in the composition of net revenues between the segments are based on the composition of client assets, client trading frequency, and pricing unique to each. while both segments leverage the scale and efficiency of our platforms, segment expenses reflect the dynamics of serving millions of clients in investor services versus the thousands of rias on the advisor services platform.
the company integrated its business and asset acquisitions during 2020 into its two existing reportable segments. revenues and expenses from our acquisition of usaa-imco are allocated to investor services only; revenues and expenses from td ameritrade and our other 2020 acquisitions are attributed to both investor services and advisor services based on which segment services the client. see item 8 - note 3 for more information regarding business acquisitions.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
financial information for our segments is presented in the following table:
investor services                                                                          advisor services                                                                                       total growth rate                    2022                    2021                      2020       growth rate                    2022                    2021                    2020       growth rate                    2022                    2021                      2020
asset management and                                          (3)%                3,049                      3,130                2,544                     2%                1,167                   1,144                     931                 (1)%                4,216                   4,274                     3,475
(1) in 2022 and 2021, investor services includes outflows of $20.8 billion and $42.0 billion, respectively, from mutual fund clearing services clients. in 2020, investor services includes inflows of $10.9 billion from mutual fund clearing services clients.
(2) in 2020, investor services includes inflows of $890.7 billion related to the acquisition of td ameritrade and $79.9 billion related to the acquisition of assets of usaa-imco.
(3) in 2020, advisor services includes inflows of $680.6 billion related to the acquisition of td ameritrade and $8.5 billion related to the acquisition of wasmer schroeder.
segment net revenues investor services and advisor services total net revenues increased by 8% and 28%, respectively, in 2022 compared to 2021. investor services growth was primarily driven by increases in net interest revenue as described above, partially offset by decreases in trading revenue due to lower client trading activity and changes in the mix of trading activity, resulting in lower commissions and order flow revenue, and a decrease in bank deposit account fees. advisor services growth was primarily driven by increases in net interest revenue as described above, as well as increases in trading revenue primarily due to higher trading volume amid market volatility and bank deposit account fees primarily due to a rising interest rate environment. asset management and administration fees were essentially flat for advisor services, while declining slightly for investor services as equity market weakness during 2022 weighed on client asset valuations, partially offset by the elimination of money market fund fee waivers. other revenues increased for investor services in 2022 from 2021 due to higher exchange processing fees, partially offset by a higher provision for credit losses on bank loans, certain lower service fees, and lower net gains on sales of afs securities.
investor services and advisor services total net revenues increased by 68% and 32%, respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020. both segments experienced growth in all revenue line items, primarily due to the full-year inclusion of td ameritrade's results in 2021. in addition, net interest revenue increased for advisor services due to growth in interest-earning assets, partially offset by lower average yields. growth in asset management and administration fees in investor services was supported by growth in advice solutions, and asset management and administration fees increased in both segments due to rising balances in proprietary and third-party mutual funds and etfs, partially offset by money market fund fee waivers and lower money market fund balances. the increase in trading revenue for investor services was supported by heightened client trading activity. bank deposit account fee revenue was earned at both segments for the full year in 2021 compared to only the fourth quarter of 2020, following the october 6, 2020 td ameritrade acquisition.
segment expenses excluding interest investor services and advisor services total expenses excluding interest increased by 3% and 14%, respectively, in 2022 compared to 2021. both segments saw higher compensation and benefits expenses due to increases in headcount to support our expanding client base, annual merit increases, as well as a 5% employee salary increase and other targeted compensation adjustments that went into effect in late 2021. occupancy and equipment expenses increased in both segments, primarily due to an increase in software maintenance and other agreements as well as other technology equipment costs to support growth of the business and the integration of td ameritrade. in addition, depreciation and amortization increased for both segments primarily
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
due to higher amortization of purchased and internally developed software and higher depreciation of hardware, driven by capital expenditures in 2021 and 2022 to enhance our technological infrastructure to support growth of the business. for investor services, these increases were partially offset by lower other expenses due to a charge of approximately $200 million in 2021 for a now-settled regulatory matter (see item 8 - note 15), partially offset by higher exchange fees and clearing charges, and lower advertising and market development expense due to reduced spending for marketing communications for td ameritrade.
investor services and advisor services total expenses excluding interest increased by 50% and 35%, respectively, in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to the inclusion of a full year of td ameritrade's results of operations. in addition, both segments saw higher compensation and benefits expenses due to additional headcount increases to support our expanding client base and service levels amidst heightened client engagement, higher bonus accrual, as well as annual merit increases and a 5% employee salary increase that went into effect late in the third quarter of 2021. for investor services, total expenses excluding interest also increased due to a charge of approximately $200 million in 2021 for a regulatory matter (see item 8 - note 15).
risk management schwab's business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, compliance, credit, market, and liquidity risks. the company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage these risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. despite our efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that schwab will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks.
our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation; we use periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. the activities and governance that comprise the risk management process are described below.
as part of our ongoing integration of td ameritrade, the company has aligned td ameritrade's risk management practices with schwab's risk appetite. our integration work included evaluating new or changed risks impacting the combined company, and taking action through various means. though integration work continues, the company's operations, inclusive of td ameritrade, remain consistent with our enterprise risk management (erm) framework.
culture the board of directors has approved an erm framework that incorporates our purpose, vision, and values, which form the bedrock of our corporate culture and set the tone for the organization.
we designed the erm framework to enable a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered by schwab in its business activities. the framework incorporates key concepts commensurate with the size, risk profile, complexity, and continuing growth of the company. risk appetite, which is defined as the amount of risk the company is willing to accept in pursuit of its corporate strategy, is developed by executive management and approved by the board of directors.
risk governance senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures under which specific business and control units are responsible for identifying, measuring, and controlling risks.
the global risk committee, which is comprised of senior executives from each major business and control function, is responsible for the oversight of risk management. this includes identifying emerging risks, assessing risk management practices and the control environment, reinforcing business accountability for risk management, supervisory controls and regulatory compliance, supporting resource prioritization across the organization, and escalating significant issues to the board of directors.
we have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. the risk metrics, with risk limits and tolerance levels, are established for key risk categories by the global risk committee and its functional risk sub-committees.
the chief risk officer regularly reports activities of the global risk committee to the risk committee of the board of directors. the board risk committee in turn assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
to our risk management program, including approving risk appetite statements and related key risk appetite metrics and reviewing reports relating to risk issues from functional areas of corporate risk management, legal, and internal audit.
functional risk sub-committees focusing on specific areas of risk report to the global risk committee. these sub-committees include the:
•operational risk oversight committee - provides oversight of and approves operational risk management policies, risk tolerance levels, and operational risk governance processes, and includes sub-committees covering information security, technology, fraud, third-party risk, data, and model governance;
•compliance risk committee - provides oversight of compliance risk management programs (inclusive of anti-money laundering/sanctions, conduct, fiduciary, and privacy), policies, and risk tolerance levels providing an aggregate view of compliance risk exposure and employee conduct, including subcommittees covering fiduciary and conflicts of interest risk;
•financial risk oversight committee - provides oversight of and approves credit, market, liquidity, and capital risk policies, limits, and exposures and includes the liquidity and capital subcommittee; and
•new products and services risk oversight committee - provides oversight of, and approves corporate policy and procedures relating to, the risk governance of new products and services.
senior management has also created an incentive compensation risk oversight committee, which establishes policy and reviews and approves the annual risk assessment of incentive compensation plans, and reports directly to the compensation committee of the board of directors.
the company's finance, internal audit, legal, and corporate risk management departments assist management and the various risk committees in evaluating, testing, and monitoring risk management.
in addition, the disclosure committee is responsible for monitoring and evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal quarter. the disclosure committee reports on this evaluation to the ceo and cfo prior to their certification required by sections 302 and 906 of the sarbanes oxley act of 2002.
operational risk operational risk arises due to potential inadequacies or failures related to internal processes, people, and systems, or from external events or relationships impacting the company and/or any of its key business partners and vendors. while operational risk is inherent in all business activities, we rely on a system of internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. we have specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, and use control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. where appropriate, we manage the impact of operational loss and litigation expense through the purchase of insurance. the insurance program is specifically designed to address our key operational risks and to maintain compliance with local laws and regulation.
schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. to the extent schwab experiences business or system interruptions, errors or downtime (which could result from a variety of causes, including natural disasters, terrorist attacks, technological failure, cyber attacks, changes to systems, linkages with third-party systems, extreme weather, and power failures), our business and operations could be negatively impacted. to minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident regardless of duration, schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans and a well-established incident management program.
information security risk is the risk of unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, recording or destruction of the firm's information or systems. we have designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls and technologies to protect systems, client accounts and data. we continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement and other financial institutions to address potential threats. we use advanced monitoring systems to identify suspicious activity and deter unauthorized access by internal or external actors. we also maintain policies and procedures, which apply to employees, contractors, and third parties, regarding the standard of care expected with all data, whether the data is internal company information, employee information, or non-
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
public client information. this includes limiting the number of employees who have access to clients' personal information and internal authentication measures enforced to protect against the unauthorized use of employee credentials. all employees who handle sensitive information are trained in privacy and security. schwab's conduct and cybersecurity teams monitor activity looking for suspicious behavior. these capabilities allow us to identify and quickly act on attempted intrusions.
fraud risk arises from attempted or actual theft of financial assets or other property of any client or the company. schwab is committed to protecting the company's and its clients' assets from fraud and complying with all applicable laws and regulations to prevent, detect and report fraudulent activity. schwab manages fraud risk through policies, procedures and controls. we also take affirmative steps to prevent and detect fraud and report, to appropriate authorities, any known or suspected acts of fraud in accordance with existing laws and requirements.
schwab also faces operational risk when we employ the services of various third parties, including domestic and international outsourcing of certain technology, processing, servicing, and support functions. we manage the exposure to third-party risk and promote a culture of resiliency through internal policies, procedures and controls, and contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third-party performance, and appropriate testing with third-party service providers.
model risk is the potential for adverse consequences from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports. models are owned by several business units throughout the organization, and are used for a variety of purposes. model use includes, but is not limited to, calculating capital requirements for hypothetical stressful environments, estimating interest and credit risk for loans and other balance sheet assets, and providing guidance in the management of client portfolios. we have established a policy that aligns with regulatory guidance to describe the roles and responsibilities of all key stakeholders in model development, management, and use. all models are registered in a centralized database and classified into different risk ratings depending on their potential financial, reputational, or regulatory impact to the company. the model risk rating determines the scope of model governance activities.
compliance risk schwab faces compliance risk which is the potential exposure to legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. among other things, compliance risks relate to the suitability of client investments, conflicts of interest, disclosure obligations and performance expectations for products and services, supervision of employees, and the adequacy of our controls. the company and its affiliates are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and foreign regulatory authorities, including sros.
we manage compliance risk through policies, procedures and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. these procedures address issues such as conduct and ethics, sales and trading practices, marketing and communications, extension of credit, client funds and securities, books and records, anti-money laundering, privacy, and employment policies.
privacy risk is the risk of unauthorized collection, use, storage, or sharing of personal information, including data incidents and other mismanagement of personal information. we manage privacy risk through policies, procedures, and controls reasonably designed to achieve and/or monitor compliance with these laws and regulations.
anti-money laundering/sanctions risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, fines or penalties, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from the failure to comply with the bank secrecy act/anti-money laundering (bsa/aml) and office of foreign assets control (ofac)/global sanctions (collectively, "aml") laws, regulations, rules, or other regulatory requirements. schwab manages this risk through daily monitoring, a system of internal controls, education and training for appropriate personnel, and developing risk-based procedures for conducting ongoing customer due diligence and complying with beneficial ownership requirements for legal entity customers.
conduct risk arises from inappropriate, unethical, or unlawful behavior of the company, its employees or third parties acting on the company's behalf that may result in detriment to the company's clients, financial markets, the company, and/or the company's employees. we manage this risk through policies, procedures, a system of internal controls, including personnel monitoring and surveillance. conduct-related matters are escalated through appropriate channels by the corporate responsibility officer.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
fiduciary risk is the potential for financial or reputational loss through breach of fiduciary duties to a client. fiduciary activities include, but are not limited to, individual and institutional trust, investment management, custody, and cash and securities processing. we manage this risk by establishing policy and procedures to ensure that obligations to clients are discharged faithfully and in compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. business units have the primary responsibility for adherence to the policy and procedures applicable to their business. guidance and control are provided through the creation, approval, and ongoing review of applicable policies by business units and various risk committees.
incentive compensation risk is the potential for adverse consequences resulting from compensation plans that do not balance the execution of our strategy with risk and financial rewards, potentially encouraging imprudent risk-taking by employees. we have implemented risk management processes, including a policy, to identify, evaluate, assess, and manage risks associated with incentive compensation plans and the activities of certain employees, defined as covered employees, who have the authority to expose the company to material amounts of risk.
credit risk credit risk is the potential for loss due to a borrower, counterparty, or issuer failing to perform its contractual obligations. our exposure to credit risk mainly results from investing activities in our liquidity and investment portfolios, mortgage lending, margin lending and client option and futures activities, pledged asset lending, securities lending activities, and our role as a counterparty in other financial contracts. to manage the risks of such losses, we have established policies and procedures, which include setting and reviewing credit limits, monitoring of credit limits and quality of counterparties, and adjusting margin, pal, option, and futures requirements for certain securities and instruments.
liquidity and investment portfolios schwab has exposure to credit risk associated with its investment portfolios, which include u.s. agency and non-agency mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, u.s. agency notes, u.s. treasury securities, certificates of deposit, u.s. state and municipal securities, commercial paper, and foreign government agency securities.
at december 31, 2022, substantially all securities in the investment portfolios were rated investment grade. u.s. agency mortgage-backed securities do not have explicit credit ratings; however, management considers these to be of the highest credit quality and rating given the guarantee of principal and interest by the u.s. government or u.s. government-sponsored enterprises.
mortgage lending portfolio the bank loan portfolio includes first mortgages, helocs, pals (discussed below), and other loans. the credit risk exposure related to loans is actively managed through individual loan and portfolio reviews. management regularly reviews asset quality, including concentrations, delinquencies, nonaccrual loans, charge-offs, and recoveries. all are factors in the determination of an appropriate allowance for credit losses.
our residential loan underwriting guidelines include maximum ltv ratios, cash out limits, and minimum fair isaac corporation (fico) credit scores. the specific guidelines are dependent on the individual characteristics of a loan (for example, whether the property is a primary or secondary residence, whether the loan is for investment property, whether the loan is for an initial purchase of a home or refinance of an existing home, and whether the loan size is conforming or jumbo).
schwab does not originate or purchase residential loans that allow for negative amortization and does not originate or purchase subprime loans (generally defined as extensions of credit to borrowers with a fico score of less than 620 at origination), unless the borrower has compensating credit factors. for more information on credit quality indicators relating to schwab's bank loans, see item 8 - note 7.
securities and instrument-based lending portfolios collateral arrangements relating to margin loans, pals, option and futures positions, securities lending agreements, and securities purchased under agreements to resell (resale agreements) include provisions that require additional collateral in the event of market fluctuations. additionally, for margin loans, pals, options and futures positions, and securities lending agreements, collateral arrangements require that the fair value of such collateral sufficiently exceeds the credit exposure in order to maintain a fully secured position.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
other counterparty exposures schwab performs clearing services for all securities transactions in its client accounts. schwab has exposure to credit risk due to its obligation to settle transactions with clearing corporations, mutual funds, and other financial institutions even if schwab's clients or a counterparty fail to meet their obligations to the company.
market risk market risk is the potential for changes in earnings or the value of financial instruments held by schwab as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, or market conditions. schwab is exposed to market risk primarily from changes in interest rates within our interest-earning assets relative to changes in the costs of funding sources that finance these assets.
to manage interest rate risk, we have established policies and procedures, which include setting limits on net interest revenue risk and economic value of equity (eve) risk. to remain within these limits, we manage the maturity, repricing, and cash flow characteristics of the investment portfolios. we may also utilize derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps to assist with managing interest rate risk. management monitors established guidelines to stay within the company's risk appetite.
our measurement of interest rate risk involves assumptions that are inherently uncertain and, as a result, cannot precisely estimate the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest revenue, bank deposit account fees, or eve. actual results may differ from simulated results due to balance growth or decline and the timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes, as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies, including changes in asset and liability mix. financial instruments are also subject to the risk that valuations will be negatively affected by changes in demand and the underlying market for a financial instrument.
we are indirectly exposed to option, futures, and equity market fluctuations in connection with client option and futures accounts, securities collateralizing margin loans to brokerage customers, and client securities loaned out as part of the brokerage securities lending activities. equity market valuations may also affect the level of brokerage client trading activity, margin borrowing, and overall client engagement with schwab. additionally, we earn mutual fund and etf service fees and asset management fees based upon daily balances of certain client assets. fluctuations in these client asset balances caused by changes in equity valuations directly impact the amount of fee revenue we earn.
our market risk related to financial instruments held for trading is not material.
interest rate risk simulations net interest revenue simulation for our net interest revenue sensitivity analysis, we use net interest revenue simulation modeling techniques to evaluate and manage the effect of changing interest rates. the simulations include all balance sheet interest rate-sensitive assets and liabilities. key assumptions include the projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, repricing of financial instruments, and reinvestment of matured or paid-down securities and loans.
net interest revenue is affected by various factors, such as the distribution and composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the spread between yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities, which may reprice at different times or by different amounts, and the spread between short- and long-term interest rates. interest-earning assets include investment securities, margin loans, bank loans, and cash and cash equivalents. these assets are sensitive to changes in interest rates and changes in prepayment levels that tend to increase in a declining rate environment and decrease in a rising rate environment. because we establish the rates paid on certain brokerage client cash balances and bank deposits and the rates charged on certain margin and bank loans, and control the composition of our investment securities, we have some ability to manage our net interest spread, depending on competitive factors and market conditions.
net interest revenue sensitivity analysis assumes the asset and liability structure of the consolidated balance sheet would not be changed as a result of the simulated changes in interest rates. as we actively manage the consolidated balance sheet and interest rate exposure, in all likelihood we would take steps to manage additional interest rate exposure that could result from changes in the interest rate environment.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
higher short-term interest rates would positively impact net interest margin as yields on interest-earning assets are expected to rise faster than the cost of funding sources. a decline in short-term interest rates could negatively impact the yield on the company's investment and loan portfolios to a greater degree than any offsetting reduction in interest expense from funding sources, compressing net interest margin.
the following table shows the simulated change to net interest revenue over the next 12 months beginning december 31, 2022 and 2021 of a gradual 100 basis point increase or decrease in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates at the end of each reporting period:
increase of 100 basis points                3.6%          14.1%
decrease of 100 basis points              (3.2)%         (4.5)%
the company's simulated increase of 100 basis points in market interest rates had a lower impact on net interest revenue at year-end 2022 compared with year-end 2021 primarily due to an increased sensitivity to the company's higher projected client deposit rates, lower special reserve and margin loan balances at the company's broker-dealer subsidiaries, and reduced cash and adjustable-rate balances across the company's banking entities. a simulated decrease of 100 basis points in market interest rates had a lower impact on net interest revenue at year-end 2022 compared to the prior year-end primarily due to higher starting client deposit rates which, relative to the december 31, 2021 simulation, provide greater responsiveness to lower simulated interest rates.
in addition to measuring the effect of a gradual 100 basis point parallel increase or decrease in current interest rates, we regularly simulate the effects of larger parallel- and non-parallel shifts in interest rates on net interest revenue.
bank deposit account fees simulation consistent with the presentation on the consolidated statement of income, the sensitivity of bank deposit account fee revenue to interest rate changes is assessed separately from the net interest revenue simulation described above. as of december 31, 2022 and 2021, simulated changes in bank deposit account fee revenue from gradual 100 basis point changes in market interest rates relative to prevailing market rates did not have a significant impact on the company's total net revenues.
economic value of equity simulation management also uses eve simulations to measure interest rate risk. eve sensitivity measures the long-term impact of interest rate changes on the net present value of assets and liabilities. eve is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to hypothetical instantaneous shifts in the level of interest rates. this analysis is highly dependent upon asset and liability assumptions based on historical behaviors as well as our expectations of the economic environment. key assumptions in our eve calculation include projection of interest rate scenarios with rate floors, prepayment speeds of mortgage-related investments, term structure models of interest rates, non-maturity deposit behavior, and pricing assumptions. our net interest revenue, bank deposit account fee revenue, and eve simulations reflect the assumption of non-negative investment yields.
phase-out of libor the company continues to prepare for the phasing-out of libor with efforts coordinated by its firm-wide transition team. the libor transition team is overseen by executive leadership and has organized its work to address both client-impacting and non-client-impacting workstreams. from a client perspective, the company has established pages on the client-facing websites for cs&co and td ameritrade, inc. to provide information for our clients to help them understand how they may be impacted by libor's discontinuation. in addition, we maintain internal informational resources for our client-facing employees' awareness regarding libor's phase-out.
the company's largest exposures to libor are certain investment securities and loans. in purchasing new investment securities, we ensure that appropriate fallback language is in place in the event that libor becomes unavailable or is deemed unreliable, and we have sold certain securities lacking appropriate fallback language. additionally, in accordance with regulatory feedback, we are limiting our purchases of libor-based securities, and we ensure that any new purchases of libor-based securities were issued prior to january 1, 2022. as of december 31, 2022, substantially all of the company's remaining investment securities with exposure to libor provide for appropriate fallback in the event libor is no longer available. consistent with guidance from the alternative reference rate committee, a group of private-market participants jointly
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
convened by the federal reserve board and the federal reserve bank of new york to help ensure a successful transition from libor, beginning in 2022, the company no longer uses libor as a reference rate in new loans, and the company's portfolio of legacy loans have fallback language if libor is no longer available.
certain of the company's technology systems and financial models have historically utilized libor, and we have now substantially transitioned our financial models and systems to alternative reference rates. in addition, we have transitioned the company's ida agreement and certain intercompany lending agreements that previously were tied to libor to other appropriate reference rates.
on march 15, 2022, president biden signed the consolidated appropriations act of 2022 into law, which includes the adjustable interest rate (libor) act, containing legislation related to the transition away from libor. this legislation is intended to establish a uniform process for replacing libor in existing contracts and securities that continue after the cessation of libor and do not contain clearly defined or practicable fallback provisions.
on december 16, 2022, the federal reserve board adopted the final rule that implements the libor act. the final rule provides default rules for certain contracts that use libor, which would implement the libor act with replacement rates based on sofr. the company believes the libor act and the federal reserve board's final regulation help provide clarity for the transition of our legacy libor contracts, including investment securities and loans to alternative reference rates in an orderly manner.
additional transition efforts to prepare for the phasing-out of libor are ongoing. in 2022, schwab redeemed series a and series e preferred stock; both of which referenced libor for dividend payments. in addition, operational work is underway to transition our legacy loan portfolio, in accordance with regulatory guidance, to alternate reference rates by the first rate reset after libor's cessation.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the potential that schwab will be unable to sell assets or meet cash flow obligations when they come due without incurring unacceptable losses.
due to its role as a source of financial strength, csc's liquidity needs are primarily driven by the liquidity and capital needs of: cs&co, td ameritrade, inc., and tdac, our principal broker-dealer subsidiaries; the capital needs of the banking subsidiaries; principal and interest due on corporate debt; dividend payments on csc's preferred stock; and returns of capital to common stockholders. the liquidity needs of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are primarily driven by client activity including trading and margin lending activities and capital expenditures. the capital needs of the banking subsidiaries are primarily driven by client deposit levels. we have established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of business strategies, while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stressed conditions. we seek to maintain client confidence in the balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources to allow the company to meet its obligations. to this end, we have established limits and contingency funding plans to support liquidity levels during both business as usual and stressed conditions.
we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events. liquidity sources are also tested periodically and results are reported to the financial risk oversight committee. a number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify emerging liquidity stresses in the market or within the organization and are reviewed with management as appropriate.
primary funding sources schwab's primary source of funds is cash generated by client activity which includes bank deposits and cash balances in client brokerage accounts. these funds are used to purchase investment securities and extend loans to clients.
other sources of funds may include cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, repayments on loans, securities lending of assets held in client brokerage accounts, repurchase agreements, and cash provided by external financing including securities issuances by csc in the capital markets.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
to meet daily funding needs, we maintain liquidity in the form of overnight cash deposits and short-term investments. for unanticipated liquidity needs, we also maintain a buffer of highly liquid investments, including u.s. treasury securities.
additional funding sources in addition to internal sources of liquidity, schwab has access to external funding. the need for short-term borrowings from external debt facilities arises primarily from timing differences between cash flow requirements, scheduled liquidation of interest-earning investments, movements of cash to meet regulatory brokerage client cash segregation requirements, and general corporate purposes. we maintain policies and procedures necessary to access funding and test discount window borrowing procedures on a periodic basis.
the following table describes external debt facilities available at december 31, 2022:
description                                                                borrower                   outstanding             available                    maturity of amounts outstanding   weighted-average interest rate on amounts outstanding federal home loan bank (fhlb) secured credit facilities                    banking subsidiaries       $12,400             $68,562                                june 2023 - november 2023   4.88%
uncommitted, unsecured lines of credit with various external banks         csc, cs&amp;co             -                     1,607                                                      n/a   -
secured uncommitted lines of credit with various external banks            tdac                       -                         -               (2)                                    n/a   -
(1) secured borrowing capacity is made available based on the banking subsidiaries' ability to provide collateral deemed acceptable by each respective counterparty. see item 8 - note 17 for additional information.
(2) secured borrowing capacity is made available based on tdac's ability to provide acceptable collateral to the lenders as determined by the credit agreements.
our banking subsidiaries maintain secured credit facilities with the fhlb. amounts available under these facilities are dependent on the value of our first mortgages, helocs, and the fair value of certain of our investment securities that are pledged as collateral. these credit facilities are also available as backup financing in the event the outflow of client cash from the banking subsidiaries' respective balance sheets is greater than maturities and paydowns on investment securities and bank loans. csc's banking subsidiaries must each maintain positive tangible capital, as defined by the federal housing finance agency, in order to place new draws upon these credit facilities, and the company manages capital with consideration of minimum tangible capital ratios at our banking subsidiaries. tangible capital pursuant to the requirements of the fhlb borrowing facilities for our banking subsidiaries is common equity less goodwill and intangible assets.
our banking subsidiaries also have access to short-term secured funding through the federal reserve discount window. amounts available under the federal reserve discount window are dependent on the fair value of certain investment securities that are pledged as collateral. our banking subsidiaries may also engage with external financial institutions in repurchase agreements collateralized by investment securities as another source of short-term liquidity. our banking subsidiaries are also counterparties to the standing repo facility with the federal reserve bank of new york.
csc has a commercial paper program of which proceeds are used for general corporate purposes. the maturities of the commercial paper notes may vary, but are not to exceed 270 days from the date of issue. csc's ratings for these short-term borrowings were p1 by moody's, a1 by standard & poor's, and f1 by fitch at december 31, 2022 and 2021. csc also has a universal automatic shelf registration statement on file with the sec, which enables it to issue debt, equity, and other securities.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
cs&co maintains uncommitted, unsecured bank credit lines with a group of banks as a source of short-term liquidity, which can also be accessed by csc. tdac maintains secured uncommitted lines of credit, under which tdac borrows on either a demand or short-term basis and pledges client margin securities as collateral.
the following table provides information about retail brokered certificates of deposit issued at csb in the fourth quarter of 2022 and outstanding as of december 31, 2022:
amount outstanding         maturity                               weighted-average interest rate retail brokered certificates of deposit         $6,047                     september 2023 - december 2023         4.75%
as a result of rapidly increasing short-term interest rates in 2022, the company saw an increase in the pace at which clients moved certain cash balances out of our sweep features and into higher yielding alternatives. as these outflows have continued, they have outpaced excess cash on hand and cash generated by maturities and paydowns on our investment portfolios. in the fourth quarter of 2022, our banking subsidiaries began to raise temporary supplemental term funding via a variety of sources, including both fixed- and floating-rate fhlb advances, repurchase agreements, and the issuance of retail brokered certificates of deposit. the company expects to use these types of temporary supplemental funding, until the company's primary sources of liquidity are again greater than any outflows associated with client cash allocation decisions.
subsequent to december 31, 2022, the company's banking entities had drawn an additional $13.0 billion of fhlb advances. the current average interest rate on these advances was 5.12%, with the earliest maturity occurring in june 2023. our banking subsidiaries also borrowed an additional $3.4 billion under repurchase agreements with external financial institutions subsequent to december 31, 2022. the current average interest rate on these repurchase borrowings was 4.91% with the earliest maturity occurring in march 2023. the company also issued $9.4 billion of retail brokered certificates of deposit subsequent to december 31, 2022 at a weighted average interest rate of 4.71%, with the earliest maturity occurring in july 2023.
liquidity coverage ratio schwab is subject to the full lcr rule, which requires the company to hold hqla in an amount equal to at least 100% of the company's projected net cash outflows over a prospective 30-calendar-day period of acute liquidity stress, calculated on each business day. see item 1 - regulation for additional information. the company was in compliance with the lcr rule at december 31, 2022, and the table below presents information about our average daily lcr:
to support growth in margin loan balances at our broker-dealer subsidiaries while meeting our lcr requirements, the company may issue commercial paper or draw on secured lines of credit, in addition to capital markets issuances.
long-term borrowings the company's long-term debt is primarily comprised of senior notes and totaled $20.8 billion and $18.9 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the following table provides information about our senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2022:
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
all long-term debt issuances in 2022, 2021, and 2020 were senior unsecured obligations. additional details of these debt issuances are as follows:
issuance date                 issuance amount        maturity date        interest rate        interest payable march 24, 2020                   $600                    3/24/2025               4.200%           semi-annually march 24, 2020                   $500                    3/22/2030               4.625%           semi-annually december 11, 2020              $1,250                    3/11/2026               0.900%           semi-annually december 11, 2020                $750                    3/11/2031               1.650%           semi-annually march 18, 2021                 $1,250                    3/18/2024        sofr + 0.500%               quarterly march 18, 2021                 $1,500                    3/18/2024               0.750%           semi-annually march 18, 2021                 $1,250                    3/20/2028               2.000%           semi-annually may 13, 2021                     $500                    5/13/2026        sofr + 0.520%               quarterly may 13, 2021                   $1,000                    5/13/2026               1.150%           semi-annually may 13, 2021                     $750                    5/13/2031               2.300%           semi-annually august 26, 2021                  $850                    12/1/2031               1.950%           semi-annually march 3, 2022                    $500                     3/3/2027        sofr + 1.050%               quarterly march 3, 2022                  $1,500                     3/3/2027               2.450%           semi-annually march 3, 2022                  $1,000                     3/3/2032               2.900%           semi-annually during the third quarter of 2021, we completed a debt exchange offer related to certain senior notes issued by tda holding for an equivalent amount of senior notes issued by csc. for further discussion of the exchange, see item 8 - note 13.
on june 1, 2021, the company redeemed all of the outstanding shares of its 6.00% non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series c, and the corresponding depositary shares. the depositary shares were redeemed at a redemption price of $25 per depositary share for a total of $600 million. the redemption was funded with the net proceeds from the series j preferred stock offering. on november 1, 2022, the company redeemed all of the outstanding shares of its fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series a at a redemption price of $1,000 per share for a total of $400 million. on december 1, 2022, the company redeemed all of the fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series e, and the corresponding depositary shares. the depositary shares were redeemed at a redemption price of $1,000 per depositary share for a total of $600 million.
contractual obligations schwab's principal contractual obligations as of december 31, 2022 include credit-related financial instruments, representing our banking subsidiaries' commitments to extend credit to banking clients, purchase mortgage loans, and fund cra investments; payments on short-term borrowings and long-term debt; purchase obligations for services such as advertising and marketing, telecommunications, hardware- and software-related agreements, and professional services; and lease payments including legally-binding minimum lease payments for leases signed but not yet commenced. for information on our contractual
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
obligations for credit-related financial instruments, short-term borrowings and long-term debt, and leases, see part ii, item 8 - notes 15, 13, and 14, respectively. as of december 31, 2022, the company had total short-term purchase obligations of $562 million and total long-term purchase obligations of $510 million.
schwab also enters into guarantees and other similar arrangements in the ordinary course of business. for information on these arrangements, see item 8 - notes 7, 11, 13, 15, and 17. pursuant to the ida agreement, certain brokerage client deposits are required to be swept off-balance sheet to the td depository institutions. see item 8 - note 15 for additional information on the ida agreement.
capital management schwab seeks to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support execution of our business strategy, including anticipated balance sheet growth inclusive of migration of ida balances (see further discussion below), providing financial support to our subsidiaries, and sustained access to the capital markets, while at the same time meeting our regulatory capital requirements and serving as a source of financial strength to our banking subsidiaries. schwab also seeks to return excess capital to stockholders. we may return excess capital through such activities as dividends, repurchases of common shares, preferred stock redemptions, and repurchases of our preferred stock represented by depositary shares. schwab's primary sources of capital are funds generated by the operations of subsidiaries and securities issuances by csc in the capital markets.
to ensure that schwab has sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values, we have adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios. internal guidelines are set, for both csc and its regulated subsidiaries, to ensure capital levels are in line with our strategy and regulatory requirements. capital forecasts are reviewed monthly at asset-liability management and pricing committee and financial risk oversight committee meetings. a number of early warning indicators are monitored to help identify potential problems that could impact capital. in addition, we monitor the subsidiaries' capital levels and requirements. subject to regulatory capital requirements and any required approvals, any excess capital held by subsidiaries is transferred to csc in the form of dividends and returns of capital. at the banking subsidiaries, dividends and returns of capital are managed with consideration of minimum tangible common equity levels and sufficient capital above regulatory capital requirements. when subsidiaries have need of additional capital, funds are provided by csc as equity investments and also as subordinated loans. the details and method used for each cash infusion are based on an analysis of the particular entity's needs and financing alternatives. the amounts and structure of infusions take into consideration maintenance of regulatory capital requirements, debt/equity ratios, and equity double leverage ratios.
schwab conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events to which the company could be subjected. the objective of the capital stress testing is (1) to explore various potential outcomes - including rare and extreme events and (2) to assess impacts of potential stressful outcomes on both capital and liquidity. additionally, we have a comprehensive capital contingency plan to provide action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. the capital contingency plan is issued under the authority of the financial risk oversight committee and provides guidelines for sustained capital events. it does not specifically address every contingency, but is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress. the results of the stress testing indicate there are two scenarios which could stress the company's capital: (1) inflows of balance sheet cash during a period of very low interest rates and (2) outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available and the company is required to sell assets to fund the flows at a loss. the capital contingency plan is reviewed annually and updated as appropriate.
for additional information, see business - regulation in part i, item 1.
regulatory capital requirements csc is subject to capital requirements set by the federal reserve and is required to serve as a source of strength for our banking subsidiaries and to provide financial assistance if our banking subsidiaries experience financial distress. schwab is required to maintain a tier 1 leverage ratio for csc of at least 4%, and we have a long-term operating objective. in the third quarter of 2022, the company lowered its long-term operating objective for the consolidated tier 1 leverage ratio down 25 basis points from 6.75%-7.00% to 6.50%-6.75%. due to the relatively low risk of our balance sheet assets and risk-based capital ratios at csc and csb that are well in excess of regulatory requirements, the tier 1 leverage ratio is the most restrictive capital constraint on csc's asset growth.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
our banking subsidiaries are subject to capital requirements set by their regulators that are substantially similar to those imposed on csc by the federal reserve. our banking subsidiaries' failure to remain well capitalized could result in certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by the regulators that could have a direct material effect on the banks. schwab's principal banking subsidiary, csb, is required to maintain a tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5% to be well capitalized, but seeks to maintain a ratio of at least 6.25%. based on its regulatory capital ratios at december 31, 2022, csb is considered well capitalized.
our banking subsidiaries are required to provide notice to, and may be required to obtain approval from, the federal reserve and the banking subsidiaries' state regulators in order to declare and pay dividends to csc. in 2023, we expect to be required to obtain approval from the federal reserve for our banking subsidiaries to declare and pay dividends in excess of the amount of recent net income and retained earnings.
as broker-dealers, cs&co, tdac, and td ameritrade, inc., are subject to regulatory requirements of the uniform net capital rule, which is intended to ensure the general financial soundness and liquidity of broker-dealers. these regulations prohibit the broker-dealer subsidiaries from paying cash dividends, making unsecured advances and loans to csc and employees, and repaying subordinated borrowings from csc if such payment would result in a net capital amount below prescribed thresholds. at december 31, 2022, cs&co, tdac, and td ameritrade, inc. were in compliance with their respective net capital requirements.
in addition to the capital requirements above, schwab's subsidiaries are subject to other regulatory requirements intended to ensure financial soundness and liquidity. see item 8 - note 23 for additional information on the components of stockholders' equity and information on the capital requirements of significant subsidiaries.
the following table details the capital ratios for csc consolidated and csb:
common equity tier 1 capital before regulatory adjustments                              $26,902                     $7,664                  $46,307                  $27,035
goodwill, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                                    $11,816                        $13                  $11,857                      $13
other intangible assets, net of associated deferred tax liabilities                       7,079                          -                    7,579                        -
deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances and deferred tax liabilities                37                         35                       13                       12
aoci adjustment (1)                                                                    (22,620)                   (19,680)                  (1,109)                  (1,004)
common equity tier 1 capital                                                            $30,590                    $27,296                  $27,967                  $28,014
tier 1 capital                                                                          $40,296                    $27,296                  $37,921                  $28,014
total capital                                                                            40,376                     27,370                   37,950                   28,033
risk-weighted assets                                                                    139,657                     99,631                  141,969                  104,409
common equity tier 1 capital/risk-weighted assets                                          21.9   %                   27.4   %                 19.7   %                 26.8   %
tier 1 capital/risk-weighted assets                                                        28.9   %                   27.4   %                 26.7   %                 26.8   %
total capital/risk-weighted assets                                                         28.9   %                   27.5   %                 26.7   %                 26.8   %
(1) changes in market interest rates can result in unrealized gains or losses on afs securities, which are included in aoci. as a category iii banking organization, csc has elected to exclude aoci from regulatory capital.
the company's consolidated tier 1 leverage ratio increased to 7.2% at december 31, 2022 from 6.2% at year-end 2021. this increase resulted primarily from lower bank deposits and payables to brokerage clients, which decreased by a total of $105.3 billion, or 18%, in 2022 due to client cash allocation decisions resulting from the rising interest rate environment; strength in earnings in 2022; and our march 2022 issuance of series k preferred stock. partially offsetting these factors were
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
common stock repurchases of $3.4 billion and $1.0 billion in preferred stock redemptions. csb's tier 1 leverage ratio also increased from year-end 2021, ending 2022 at 7.3%.
in january and november of 2022, the company transferred investment securities from the afs category to the htm category, with aggregate fair values of $108.8 billion and $79.8 billion, respectively, and net unrealized losses at the time of transfer of $2.4 billion and $15.8 billion, respectively. the transfer of these securities to the htm category reduces the company's exposure to fluctuations in aoci that can result from unrealized gains and losses on afs securities due to changes in market interest rates. the unrealized loss at the time of transfer is amortized over the remaining life of the security, offsetting the amortization of the security's premium or discount, and resulting in no impact to net income.
ida agreement certain brokerage client deposits are swept off-balance sheet to the td depository institutions pursuant to the ida agreement. during 2022 and 2021, schwab moved net amounts of $13.7 billion and $10.1 billion, respectively, of ida balances to its balance sheet. the company's overall capital management strategy includes supporting migration of ida balances in future periods as available pursuant to the terms of the ida agreement. the company's ability to migrate these balances to its balance sheet is dependent upon multiple factors including having sufficient capital levels to sustain these incremental deposits. see item 8 - note 15 for further information on the ida agreement.
dividends since the initial dividend in 1989, and as of december 31, 2022, csc has paid 135 consecutive quarterly dividends and has increased the quarterly dividend rate 27 times, resulting in a 20% compounded annual growth rate, excluding the special cash dividend of $1.00 per common share in 2007. while the payment and amount of dividends are at the discretion of the board of directors, subject to certain regulatory and other restrictions, csc currently targets its common and nonvoting common stock cash dividend at approximately 20% to 30% of net income.
the board of directors of the company declared quarterly cash dividend increases per common share during 2022 as shown below:
date of declaration        quarterly cash increase per common share                      % increase            new quarterly dividend per common share january 26, 2022           $.02                                                            11     %            $.20
in addition, on january 26, 2023, the board of directors of the company declared a three cent, or 14%, increase in the quarterly cash dividend to $.25 per common share.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
share repurchases on july 27, 2022, csc publicly announced that its board of directors terminated the existing share repurchase authorization of up to $4.0 billion of common stock and replaced it with a new authorization to repurchase up to $15.0 billion of common stock. the new share repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date. on august 1, 2022, csc purchased, directly from an affiliate of td bank, 15 million shares of nonvoting common stock for a total of $1.0 billion, or approximately $66.53 per share. the shares of nonvoting common stock automatically converted into common stock and were purchased under csc's new share repurchase authorization. the purchase price paid by csc was equal to the lowest price per share that the affiliate of td bank received in a contemporaneous share sale facilitated by a third-party market maker, which resulted in a purchase price lower than the closing price on august 1, 2022. csc repurchased an additional 32 million shares of its common stock under the new authorization for $2.4 billion during the year ended december 31, 2022. there were no repurchases of csc's common stock under the terminated authorization during the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021.
as of december 31, 2022, $11.6 billion remained on the new authorization. beginning in 2023, share repurchases, net of issuances, are subject to a nondeductible 1% excise tax which we expect to recognize as a direct and incremental cost associated with these transactions. for repurchases of common stock, we expect the tax will be recorded as part of the cost basis of the treasury stock repurchased, resulting in no income statement impact.
foreign exposure at december 31, 2022, schwab had exposure to non-sovereign financial and non-financial institutions in foreign countries, as well as agencies of foreign governments. at december 31, 2022, the fair value of these holdings totaled $16.4 billion, with the top three exposures being to issuers and counterparties domiciled in france at $5.1 billion, the united kingdom at $4.8 billion, and canada at $1.7 billion. at december 31, 2021, the fair value of these holdings totaled $12.5 billion, with the top three exposures being to issuers and counterparties domiciled in the united kingdom at $5.2 billion, france at $3.9 billion, and sweden at $754 million. in addition, schwab had outstanding margin loans to foreign residents of $2.5 billion and $3.3 billion at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
fair value of financial instruments schwab uses the market approach to determine the fair value of certain financial assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, and to determine fair value disclosures. see item 8 - notes 2 and 18 for more information on our assets and liabilities recorded at fair value.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements of schwab have been prepared in accordance with gaap. item 8 - note 2 contains more information on our significant accounting policies made in applying these accounting principles.
while the majority of the revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities are not based on estimates, there are certain accounting principles that require management to make estimates regarding matters that are uncertain and susceptible to change where such change may result in a material adverse impact on schwab's financial position and financial results. these critical accounting estimates are described below. management regularly reviews the estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the financial statements for reasonableness and adequacy.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors. additionally, management has reviewed with the audit committee the company's significant estimates discussed in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
income taxes schwab estimates income tax expense based on amounts expected to be owed to the various tax jurisdictions in which we operate, including federal, state and local domestic jurisdictions, and immaterial amounts owed to several foreign jurisdictions. the estimated income tax expense is reported in the consolidated statements of income in taxes on income. accrued taxes are reported in other assets or accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and represent the net estimated amount due to or to be received from taxing jurisdictions either currently or deferred to future periods. deferred taxes arise from differences between assets and liabilities measured for financial reporting purposes versus income tax reporting purposes. deferred tax assets are recognized if, in management's judgment, their realizability is determined to be more likely than not. uncertain tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize. an uncertain tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit management believes is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. in estimating accrued taxes, we assess the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment considering statutory, judicial and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. because of the complexity of tax laws and regulations, interpretation can be difficult and subject to legal judgment given specific facts and circumstances.
changes in the estimate of accrued taxes occur periodically due to changes in tax rates, interpretations of tax laws, the status of examinations being conducted by various taxing authorities, and newly enacted statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance that impacts the relative merits and risks of tax positions. these changes, when they occur, affect accrued taxes and can be significant to the operating results of the company. see item 8 - note 22 for more information on the company's income taxes.
legal and regulatory reserves reserves for legal and regulatory claims and proceedings reflect an estimate of probable losses for each matter, after considering, among other factors, the progress of the case, prior experience and the experience of others in similar cases, available defenses, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. in many cases, including most class action lawsuits, it is not possible to determine whether a loss will be incurred, or to estimate the range of that loss, until the matter is close to resolution, in which case no accrual is made until that time. reserves are adjusted as more information becomes available. significant judgment is required in making these estimates, and the actual cost of resolving a matter may ultimately differ materially from the amount reserved. see item 8 - note 15 for more information on the company's contingencies related to legal and regulatory reserves.
business combinations we have accounted for our acquisitions using the acquisition method of accounting. the acquisition method requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date as we allocate the purchase price to the estimated fair values of acquired tangible and intangible assets and the liabilities assumed. we also use our best estimates to determine the
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
useful lives of the tangible and definite-lived intangible assets, which impact the periods over which depreciation and amortization of those assets are recognized. these best estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain as they pertain to forward looking views of our businesses, client behavior, and market conditions. in our acquisitions, we have also recognized goodwill at the amount by which the purchase price paid exceeds the fair value of the net assets acquired. see item 8 - notes 2 and 3 for more information on our valuation methods and the results of applying the acquisition method of accounting, including the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and, where relevant, the estimated remaining useful lives.
our ongoing accounting for goodwill and the tangible and intangible assets acquired requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions as we exercise judgement to evaluate these assets for impairment. our processes and accounting policies for evaluating impairments are further described in item 8 - note 2. one of our reporting units has an immaterial amount of goodwill. the results of the 2022 annual goodwill impairment testing for our other two reporting units indicated that the estimated fair values substantially exceeded their carrying amounts.
non-gaap financial measures in addition to disclosing financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap), management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains references to the non-gaap financial measures described below. we believe these non-gaap financial measures provide useful supplemental information about the financial performance of the company, and facilitate meaningful comparison of schwab's results in the current period to both historic and future results. these non-gaap measures should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap, and may not be comparable to non-gaap financial measures presented by other companies.
schwab's use of non-gaap measures is reflective of certain adjustments made to gaap financial measures as described below.
non-gaap adjustment or measure                                                                  definition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          usefulness to investors and uses by management acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets        schwab adjusts certain gaap financial measures to exclude the impact of acquisition and integration-related costs incurred as a result of the company's acquisitions, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and, where applicable, the income tax effect of these expenses.                                                                                                   we exclude acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets for the purpose of calculating certain non-gaap measures because we believe doing so provides additional transparency of schwab's ongoing operations, and is useful in both evaluating the operating performance of the business and facilitating comparison of results with prior and future periods.
adjustments made to exclude amortization of acquired intangible assets are reflective of all acquired intangible assets, which were recorded as part of purchase accounting. these acquired intangible assets contribute to the company's revenue generation. amortization of acquired intangible assets will continue in future periods over their remaining useful lives.         acquisition and integration-related costs fluctuate based on the timing of acquisitions and integration activities, thereby limiting comparability of results among periods, and are not representative of the costs of running the company's ongoing business. amortization of acquired intangible assets is excluded because management does not believe it is indicative of the company's underlying operating performance.
return on tangible common equity                                                                return on tangible common equity represents annualized adjusted net income available to common stockholders as a percentage of average tangible common equity. tangible common equity represents common equity less goodwill, acquired intangible assets - net, and related deferred tax liabilities.                                                                               acquisitions typically result in the recognition of significant amounts of goodwill and acquired intangible assets. we believe return on tangible common equity may be useful to investors as a supplemental measure to facilitate assessing capital efficiency and returns relative to the composition of schwab's balance sheet.
the company also uses adjusted diluted eps and return on tangible common equity as components of performance criteria for employee bonus and certain executive management incentive compensation arrangements. the compensation committee of csc's board of directors maintains discretion in evaluating performance against these criteria.
the charles schwab corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
the following tables present reconciliations of gaap measures to non-gaap measures:
amortization of acquired intangible assets                         (596)            (615)            (190)
(1) acquisition and integration-related costs for 2022 primarily consist of $220 million of compensation and benefits, $140 million of professional services, and $21 million of occupancy and equipment. acquisition and integration-related costs for 2021 primarily consist of $283 million of compensation and benefits, $132 million of professional services, and $39 million of occupancy and equipment. acquisition and integration-related costs for 2020 primarily consist of $235 million of compensation and benefits, $158 million of professional services, and $30 million of other expense.
amortization of acquired intangible assets                        596              .31               615              .32               190              .13
(1) the income tax effects of the non-gaap adjustments are determined using an effective tax rate reflecting the exclusion of non-deductible acquisition costs and are used to present the acquisition and integration-related costs and amortization of acquired intangible assets on an after-tax basis.
(1) see table above for the reconciliation of net income available to common stockholders to adjusted net income available to common stockholders (non-gaap).