item 1a. risk factors in addition to information discussed elsewhere in this form 10-k, you should carefully consider the following factors, as well as additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, which could materially affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations in future periods. the following factors are organized under relevant headings; however, they may be relevant to other headings as well.
operational risks supply of quality water, agricultural, and other raw materials, certain raw and packaging materials purchased under supply contracts; supply chain disruptions and inflation; limited group of glass bottle suppliers the quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of our agricultural raw materials and our ability to operate our business. water is a limited resource in many parts of the world. if climate patterns change and droughts continue or become more severe or other restrictions on currently available water resources are imposed, there may be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our and our suppliers' operations, increase production costs, or impose capacity constraints. we are dependent on sufficient amounts of quality water for operation of our breweries, wineries, and distilleries, as well as to irrigate our vineyards and conduct our other operations. the suppliers of the agricultural raw materials we purchase are also dependent upon sufficient supplies of quality water for their vineyards and fields. in addition, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain operation of our production facilities and vineyards. a substantial reduction in water supplies could result in material losses of grape crops and vines or other crops, such as corn, barley, or hops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply.
we have substantial brewery operations in mexico and substantial wine operations in the u.s. (primarily in california), new zealand, and italy as well as brewery and distillery operations in the u.s. although certain areas in california have recently experienced flooding, the state has endured and may continue to experience prolonged drought conditions which have resulted in the imposition of certain restrictions on water usage. if these conditions or restrictions persist and/or increase in severity, it could have an adverse effect upon those operations. our current mexican breweries are each, and the veracruz brewery will be, sourced from a single water supply originating from separate and distinct aquifers. the sources of water, methods of water delivery, water quality, or water requirements to support our ongoing requirements may change materially in the future. we may incur additional expenses for improving water delivery, quality, and efficiency as well as for securing additional water sources.
our breweries, the glass plant, our wineries, and our distilleries use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce our products. these include corn starch and sugars, malt, hops, fruits, yeast, and water for our breweries; soda ash and silica sand for the glass plant; grapes and water for our wineries; and grain and water for our distilleries. our breweries, wineries, and distilleries all use large amounts of various packaging materials, including glass, aluminum, cardboard, and other paper products. our production facilities also use electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel in their operations. certain raw materials and packaging materials are purchased under contracts of varying maturities. the supply, on-time availability, and price of raw, packaging, and other materials, energy, and other commodities have been and may continue to be affected by many factors beyond our control, including supply chain disruptions, inflationary pressures, market demand, global geopolitical events and military conflicts, such as repercussions from the russian invasion of ukraine, droughts, storms, weather events, or natural or man-made disasters, economic factors affecting growth decisions, plant diseases, and theft. for example, we have experienced a lack of availability and increased costs of ocean freight shipping containers and delays at sea and land ports which has impacted and could continue to impact our distribution and production capabilities.
our breweries, wineries, and distilleries are also dependent upon an adequate supply of glass bottles. we have experienced glass bottle purchasing shortages, particularly for brown glass used for certain of our mexican beer brands. glass bottle costs are one of our largest components of cost of product sold. the glass plant produces a majority of the total annual glass bottle supply for our mexican beer brands, and we have a small number of other suppliers of glass bottles for our mexican beer brands. in the u.s., glass bottles have only a small constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 16
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents number of producers. currently, one producer supplies a majority of our glass container requirements for our u.s. wine and spirits operations while a different producer supplies the glass bottles for our craft beer operations.
to the extent any of the foregoing factors (i) increases the costs of our products and we are unable or choose not to pass along such rising costs to consumers through increased selling prices or (ii) leads to a shortage of our product supply or inventory levels, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
reliance upon complex information systems and third-party global networks; cyberattacks we depend on it to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers and suppliers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and effect accurate and timely governmental reporting. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, including our global erp, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, increased costs, loss of customers, business disruptions, loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach, penalties associated with the failure to timely file governmental reports, and/or other difficulties. many groups on a worldwide basis have experienced increases in electronic security breaches, cyberattacks, and other hacking activities such as denial of service, malware, and ransomware, and there is the possibility of retaliatory cyberattacks, including by state-sponsored organizations. as with all large it systems, we have been a target of cyberattackers and other hacking activities and our systems could be penetrated by increasingly sophisticated parties intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information, corrupting our information, disrupting our business processes, engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic information about us or our employees, customers, or consumers, or demanding monetary payment. such unauthorized access could disrupt our operations and could result in various costs and adverse consequences, including the loss of assets or revenues, litigation, regulatory actions, remediation costs, increased cybersecurity protection costs, damage to our reputation, harm to our employees, or the failure by us to retain or attract customers following such an event.
we have outsourced various functions to third-party service providers and may outsource other functions in the future. we rely on such third-parties to provide services on a timely and effective basis, but we do not ultimately control their performance. in addition, our distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, joint venture partners, and other external business partners utilize their own it systems that are subject to similar risks to us as described above. their failure to perform as expected or as required by contract, or additional cyberattacks on them that disrupts their systems, could result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations or, in the case of third-party service providers, a penetration of our systems.
to the extent any of the foregoing factors result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations or reduce the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
economic and other uncertainties associated with our international operations we have production facilities in the u.s., mexico, new zealand, and italy and employees in various countries, and our products are sold in numerous countries. the countries in which we operate impose duties, excise taxes, and/or other taxes on beverage alcohol products, and/or on certain raw materials used to produce our beverage alcohol products, in varying amounts. governmental bodies may propose changes to international trade agreements, treaties, tariffs, taxes, and other government rules and regulations including but not limited to environmental treaties and regulations. escalating geopolitical tensions, including from the military conflict in ukraine, have resulted and may continue to result in sanctions, tariffs, and import-export restrictions. these activities, when combined with any retaliatory actions that may be taken by other countries, including russia, could cause further inflationary pressures and economic and supply chain disruptions (including impacts on prices and supply of certain commodities, such as aluminum, corn, crude oil, natural gas, and steel). significant increases in import and excise duties or other taxes on, or that impact, beverage alcohol products as well as any tariffs, particularly on imports from mexico and any retaliatory tariffs imposed by the mexican government, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
in addition, governmental agencies extensively regulate the beverage alcohol products industry concerning such matters as licensing, warehousing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required labeling, constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 17
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents advertising, and relations with wholesalers and retailers. certain regulations also require warning labels and signage. we may be subject to new or revised regulations, increased licensing fees, requirements, or taxes, or regulatory enforcement actions. additionally, various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what our products contain or allegations that our products cause adverse health effects. if these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products. these uncertainties and changes, as well as the decisions, policies, and economic strength of our suppliers and distributors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
dependence on limited facilities for production of our mexican beer brands; facility expansion, optimization, and construction activities we are dependent on our current mexican breweries to fulfill our mexican beer brands' production requirements, both now as well as for the near-term. expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue at our breweries in mexico. these are multi-billion-dollar activities with risks of completion delays, cost overruns, and asset impairments, such as the prior impairment of certain long-lived assets at the canceled mexicali brewery. we may not achieve the intended financial and operational benefits of these investments, including if we develop excess capacity that outpaces demand for our mexican beer brands. we are pursuing the sale of the remaining assets at the mexicali brewery after exploring various options; however, we may not be successful in completing any such sale or obtaining other forms of recovery.
expansion and optimization of current production facilities and construction of new production facilities are subject to various regulatory and developmental risks, including but not limited to: (i) our ability to obtain timely certificate authorizations, necessary approvals and permits from regulatory agencies at all or on terms that are acceptable to us; (ii) potential changes in federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; (iii) our inability to acquire rights-of-way or land or water rights on a timely basis on terms that are acceptable to us; or (iv) our inability to acquire the necessary energy supplies, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel. any of these or other unanticipated events could halt or delay the expansion, optimization, or construction of our production facilities.
we may not be able to satisfy our product supply requirements for the mexican beer brands in the event of (i) a significant disruption or the partial or total destruction of the current mexican breweries or the glass plant, (ii) difficulty shipping raw materials and product into or out of the u.s., or (iii) a temporary inability to produce our product due to closure or lower production levels of one or more of our current mexican breweries. also, if the contemplated expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at our breweries in mexico are abandoned or not otherwise completed by their targeted completion dates, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of our mexican beer to satisfy our needs in the future. under such circumstances, we may be unable to obtain our mexican beer at a reasonable price from another source, if at all. a significant disruption at our current mexican breweries, or the glass plant, even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to produce and ship products to market on a timely basis. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not readily be available, may cost substantially more, or may take a significant time to start production, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our product supply, business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
operational disruptions or catastrophic loss to breweries, wineries, other production facilities, or distribution systems all of our mexican beer products are produced at our current mexican breweries. many of the workers at these breweries are covered by collective bargaining agreements. the glass plant produces a majority of the total annual glass bottle supply for our mexican beer brands. several of our vineyards and production and distribution facilities, including certain california and oregon wineries, are in areas prone to seismic activity. additionally, we have various vineyards and wineries in california and oregon which have experienced wildfires, landslides, and/or severe winter storms.
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents if any of these or other of our properties and production facilities were to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments, and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties or find suitable alternative providers. also, our production facilities are asset intensive. as our operations are concentrated in a limited number of production and distribution facilities, we are more likely to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss in any one location from acts of war or terrorism, natural or man-made disasters, public health crises, labor strikes or other labor activities, cyberattacks and other attempts to penetrate our or our third-party service providers' it systems or the it used by our non-production employees who work remotely, or unavailability of raw or packaging materials. geopolitical and economic responses to russia's invasion of ukraine could continue to impact global energy prices and supply, particularly for crude oil and natural gas. if a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss were to occur, we could breach agreements, our reputation could be harmed, and our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be adversely affected by, among other items, higher maintenance charges, unexpected capital spending, or product supply constraints.
our insurance policies do not cover certain types of catastrophes and may not cover certain events such as pandemics. economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain property damage and business interruption insurance. if our insurance coverage is adversely affected, or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at greater risk that we may experience an adverse impact to our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
climate change; esg regulatory compliance; failure to meet emissions, stewardship, and other esg targets our business depends upon agricultural activity and natural and human capital resources. there has been much public discussion related to concerns that ghgs may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. severe weather events and natural disasters, such as our experiences with drought, flooding, and/or wildfires in california and oregon, severe winter storms in california, texas, or mexico, or late frosts or flooding in new zealand, and climate change may negatively affect agricultural productivity in the regions from which we source our various agricultural raw materials or the energy powering our production facilities. decreased availability of our raw materials may increase our cost of product sold. severe weather events and natural disasters or changes in their frequency or intensity can also impact product quality; disrupt our supply chains, which may affect production operations, insurance cost and coverage, and delivery of our products to wholesalers, retailers, and consumers; and negatively affect the ability of consumers to purchase our products.
the landscape related to esg regulation, compliance, and reporting is constantly evolving, including expanding in scope and complexity. for example, the sec and the european commission have published proposed or final rules that would require significantly increased disclosures related to climate change. we may experience significant future increases in the costs associated with regulatory compliance for esg matters, including fees, licenses, reporting, and the cost of capital improvements for our operating facilities to meet environmental regulatory requirements, as well as to address other regulations, standards, frameworks, and ratings from various governmental entities and other stakeholders or activist campaigns. we have disclosed targets related to restoration of water withdrawals, scope 1 and scope 2 ghg emissions, and enhancing social equity within our industry and communities, and we may disclose new or updated esg-related targets in the future. the achievement of such targets along with our broader value chain engagement efforts have required and will continue to require us and in some cases third parties with which we do business, such as our suppliers, to make investments and allocate resources.
in addition, we may be party to various environmental remediation obligations arising in the normal course of our business or relating to historical activities of businesses we acquire. due to regulatory complexities, governmental or contractual requirements, uncertainties inherent in litigation, and the risk of unidentified contaminants at our current and former properties, the potential exists for remediation, liability, indemnification, and other costs to differ materially from the costs that we have estimated. we may also incur costs associated with environmental compliance arising from events we cannot control, such as natural disasters. we may not allot sufficient resources to attain, and/or may not ultimately achieve, our esg targets, and our costs in relation to any of the foregoing matters may exceed our projections, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents reliance on wholesale distributors, major retailers, and government agencies local market structures and distribution channels vary worldwide. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products with generally separate distribution networks utilized for our beer portfolio and our wine and spirits portfolio. in the u.s., we sell our products principally to wholesalers for resale to retail outlets and directly to government agencies. we have an exclusive arrangement with one wholesaler that generates a large portion of our branded u.s. wine and spirits net sales, and we have one wholesaler for our beer portfolio which, through multiple entities, represents roughly one-fifth of our consolidated net sales. wholesalers and retailers of our products offer products which compete directly with our products for retail shelf space, promotional support and consumer purchases, and wholesalers or retailers may give higher priority to products of our competitors. the replacement or poor performance of our major wholesalers, retailers, or government agencies could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruptions or could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
contamination and degradation of product quality from diseases, pests, and weather and other conditions contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands, could adversely affect sales. various diseases, pests, fungi, viruses, drought, frosts, wildfires, and certain other weather conditions or the effects of climate conditions, such as smoke taint sustained during the 2020 u.s. wildfires or the late frost experienced in new zealand in calendar 2021, could affect the quality and quantity of barley, hops, grapes, and other agricultural raw materials available and decrease the supply and quality of our products. similarly, power disruptions could adversely impact our production processes and the quality of our products. we or our suppliers of agricultural raw materials may not succeed in preventing contamination in existing or future vineyards, fields, or production facilities. future government restrictions regarding the use of certain materials used in growing grapes or other agricultural raw materials may increase vineyard costs and/or reduce production of grapes or other crops. it is also possible that a supplier may not provide materials or product components which meet our required standards or may falsify documentation associated with the fulfillment of those requirements.
product contamination or tampering or the failure to maintain our standards for product quality, safety, and integrity, including with respect to raw materials, naturally occurring compounds, packaging materials, or product components obtained from suppliers, may also reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. contaminants or other defects in raw materials, packaging materials, or product components purchased from third parties and used in the production of our beer, wine, or spirits products, or defects in the fermentation or distillation process could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among, or injury to, consumers of our products and may result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all our brands.
if any of our products become unsafe or unfit for consumption, are misbranded, or cause injury, we may have to engage in additional product recalls and/or be subject to liability and incur additional costs. widespread or multiple product recalls or a significant product liability judgment or regulatory action could cause our products to be unavailable for a period, which could reduce consumer demand and brand equity and result in reputational harm.
outbreaks of communicable infections or diseases, pandemics, or other widespread public health crises in the markets in which our consumers or employees live and/or in which we or our distributors, retailers, and suppliers operate communicable disease outbreaks, including the covid-19 pandemic, and other widespread public health crises have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions and damage to our business caused by potential negative consumer purchasing behavior as well as disruption to our supply chains, production processes, and operations. consumer purchasing behavior may be impacted by reduced consumption if consumers are unable to leave home or otherwise shop in a normal manner as a result of containment actions or other cancellations of public events and other opportunities to purchase our products, from venue closures or capacity restrictions, or from a reduction in consumer discretionary income due to reduced or limited work and layoffs. supply disruption may result from restrictions on the ability of employees and others in the supply chain to travel and work, which may result from quarantines, individual illnesses, or border closures imposed by governments to deter the spread of communicable infections or diseases; determinations by us or our suppliers or distributors to temporarily constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 20
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents suspend operations in affected areas; or other actions which restrict or otherwise negatively impact our ability to produce, package, and ship our products, our distributors' ability to distribute our products, or our suppliers' ability to provide us with raw, packaging, and other materials. channels of entry may be closed or operate at reduced capacity, or transportation of product within a region or country may be limited, including due to travel restrictions or personal illness of workers. our operations and the operations of our suppliers may become less efficient or otherwise be negatively impacted if our or their executive management or other key operational personnel are unable to work or if a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work at all or at their normal production or other facility. a prolonged quarantine or border closure could result in temporary or longer-term disruptions of sales patterns, consumption and trade patterns, supply chains, production processes, and/or operations. another widespread health crisis or the reemergence of severe covid-19 pandemic conditions could negatively affect the economies and financial markets of many countries resulting in a global economic downturn which could negatively impact demand for our products and our ability to borrow money. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
cannabis is currently illegal under u.s. federal law and in other jurisdictions; we do not control canopy's business or operations the ability of canopy to achieve its business objectives is contingent, in part, upon the legality of the cannabis industry, canopy's compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by various governmental authorities, and canopy obtaining all regulatory approvals, where necessary, for the production and sale of its products. the laws and regulations governing medicinal and adult-use cannabis are still developing, including in ways that we may not foresee. canopy's success will depend on, among other things, the ability of canopy to operate successfully in the cannabis market space. there are also concerns about health issues associated with certain types of form factors for cannabis products, such as those used in inhalables. these issues may result in a less robust consumer demand for certain form factors. a robust cannabis consumer market may not develop consistent with our expectations, or consumers may choose not to purchase canopy products. although the agriculture improvement act of 2018 took hemp and hemp derived cannabinoids out of the most restrictive class of controlled substances, cannabis remains a schedule i controlled substance that is illegal under u.s. federal law. even in those u.s. states in which the adult-use and/or medicinal use of cannabis has been legalized, its use remains a violation of u.s. federal law. continuation of u.s. federal law in its current state regarding cannabis could limit the expansion of canopy's business into the u.s. similar issues of illegality apply in other countries. any amendment to or replacement of existing laws to make them more onerous, or delays in amending or replacing existing laws to liberalize the legal possession and use of cannabis, or delays in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, any necessary regulatory approvals may significantly delay or negatively impact canopy's markets, products, and sales. our investment in canopy could affect consumer perception of our existing brands and our reputation with various constituencies.
we currently have the right to nominate four members of the canopy board of directors. while we do not control canopy's business or operations, we do rely on canopy's internal controls and procedures for operation of that business. nevertheless, our current financing arrangements require us to certify, among other things, that to our knowledge (i) canopy is properly licensed and operating in accordance with canadian laws in all material respects; (ii) canopy does not knowingly or intentionally purchase, manufacture, distribute, import, and/or sell marijuana, or any other controlled substance in or from the u.s. or any other jurisdiction, in each case, where such purchase, manufacture, distribution, importation, or sale of marijuana or such other controlled substance is illegal, except in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, or foreign laws, rules, and regulations; and (iii) canopy does not knowingly or intentionally partner with, invest in, or distribute marijuana or any other controlled substance to any third-party that knowingly or intentionally purchases, sells, manufactures, or distributes marijuana or any other controlled substance in the u.s. or any other jurisdiction, in each case, where such purchase, sale, manufacture, or distribution of marijuana or such other controlled substance is illegal, except in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, or foreign laws, rules, and regulations. if canopy were to knowingly or intentionally violate any of these applicable laws and we became aware of such violation, we would be unable to make the required certification under our current financing arrangements, which could lead to a default under those financing arrangements.
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents strategic risks potential decline in the consumption of products we sell; dependence on sales of our mexican beer brands our business depends upon consumers' consumption of our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and sales of our mexican beer brands in the u.s. are a significant portion of our business. consumer preferences, behaviors, and sentiment may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in taste preferences and leisure, dining, and beverage purchasing and consumption patterns, trends involving demographics and esg matters, changing market dynamics including consumer-led premiumization and betterment trends, and perceived value. further, a limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors, including:
•a general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions;
•inflation, including the impact of reduced discretionary income of consumers available to purchase our products and increased commodities and other costs;
•concern about the health consequences of consuming beverage alcohol products, including betterment trends, and about drinking and driving or other safety considerations;
•a general decline in the consumption of beverage alcohol products in on-premise establishments, including as a result of stricter laws relating to driving while under the influence of alcohol;
•increased activity from anti-alcohol groups or other bodies, such as the world health organization, advocating measures designed to reduce the consumption of beverage alcohol products or require more stringent labeling;
•increased excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing;
•increased regulation restricting the purchase or consumption of beverage alcohol products; and
if these or any other factors cause a decline in the growth rate, amount, or profitability of our sales of the mexican beer brands in the u.s. or any material shift in consumer preferences, behaviors, and sentiment in our major markets away from our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and our mexican beer brands in particular, or from the categories in which they compete, it could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
acquisition, divestiture, investment, and npd strategies from time to time, we acquire businesses, assets, or securities of companies that we believe will provide a strategic fit with our business. we integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations; our overall internal control over financial reporting processes; and our financial, operations, and information systems. if the financial performance of our business, as supplemented by the assets and businesses acquired, does not meet our expectations, it may make it more difficult for us to service our debt obligations and our results of operations may fail to meet market expectations. we may not effectively assimilate the business or product offerings of acquired companies into our business or within the anticipated costs or timeframes, retain key customers and suppliers or key employees of acquired businesses, or successfully implement our business plan for the combined business. in addition, our final determinations and appraisals of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates and we may fail to fully realize anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities, or other potential synergies. the fair value of acquired businesses or investments may not remain constant.
we also divest businesses, assets, or securities of companies from time to time, including those that we believe no longer provide a strategic fit with our business. we may provide various indemnifications in connection with divestitures of businesses or assets. divestitures of portions of our business may also result in costs stranded in our remaining business. delays in developing or implementing plans to address such costs could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our financial objectives. the amount of contingent consideration, if any, received in divestitures may also vary based on various factors including actual future brand performance.
we have also acquired or retained ownership interests in companies which we do not control, such as our joint venture to operate the glass plant, our interest in canopy, and investments made through our corporate venture capital function, and we have acquired control of companies which we do not wholly own, such as our constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 22
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents
75% interest in nelson's green brier distillery, llc. our joint venture partners or the other parties that hold the remaining ownership interests in companies which we do not control may at any time have economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint ventures or those companies. our joint venture arrangements and the arrangements through which we acquired or hold our other equity or membership interests may require us to, among other matters, pay certain costs, make capital investments, fulfill alone our joint venture partners' obligations, or purchase other parties' interests. the entities in which we have an interest may be subject to litigation which may have an adverse impact on their ability to do business or under which they may incur costs and expenses which could have a material adverse impact on their operations or financial condition which, in turn, could negatively impact the value of our investment.
in addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products. the launch and ongoing success of npds are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal and our ability to deliver optimized marketing in an evolving and dynamic media landscape. a new product launch can give rise to a variety of costs. an unsuccessful launch, among other things, can affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations has resulted and may in the future result in inventory write-offs and other costs.
we may not realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or npds. we have recognized impairment losses and/or write-offs in connection with acquired and divested businesses and investments, and we may do so again in the future. furthermore, our acquisitions, investments, or joint ventures may not be profitable, our forecasts regarding acquisition, divestiture, or investment activities may not be accurate, or the internal control over financial reporting of entities which we must consolidate as a result of our investment activities but do not control or wholly own may not be as robust as our internal control over financial reporting. our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or npds, or the failure of an entity in which we have an equity or membership interest, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
dependence upon trademarks and proprietary rights, failure to protect our intellectual property rights our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. we have been granted numerous trademark registrations and use certain trademarks under license covering our brands and products, and we have filed, and expect to continue to file or have filed on our behalf, trademark applications seeking to protect newly developed brands and products. we cannot be sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any of such trademark applications. we could also, by omission, fail to timely renew or protect a trademark and our competitors could challenge, invalidate, or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to, or licensed by, us.
our subsidiaries cb brand strategies, llc, crown imports llc, and compañía cervecera de coahuila, s. de r.l. de c.v. are defendants in a lawsuit originally filed in u.s. district court for the southern district of new york on february 15, 2021, and most recently amended on march 16, 2022, by cervecería modelo de méxico, s. de r.l. de c.v. and trademarks grupo modelo, s. de r.l. de c.v., which alleges, among other things, that our sub-license of the trademarks for our mexican beer brands should not permit us to use the corona brand name on our corona hard seltzer or the modelo brand name on our modelo ranch water. on august 5, 2022, both the plaintiffs and the defendants filed motions for summary judgment. on november 3, 2022, the court denied our motion for summary judgment. on december 13, 2022, the court denied plaintiffs' motion for summary judgment. at a trial in march 2023, the jury returned a unanimous verdict in our favor on all counts in the plaintiffs' complaint, and the court entered judgment dismissing the complaint on march 15, 2023. on april 12, 2023, the plaintiffs filed a motion for judgment as a matter of law or, in the alternative, for a new trial with the court, which motion was denied on april 14, 2023. while we continue to believe this lawsuit is without merit, litigation is inherently unpredictable and subject to substantial uncertainties and unfavorable developments and resolutions could occur. in addition, our cost of defending this litigation has been and could continue to be substantial. if we are not successful, we may not be able to market corona hard seltzer in its current formulation under the corona brand name or modelo ranch water product in its current formulation under the modelo brand name and we may be required to pay damage awards, each of which may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition and/or results of operations.
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents we have been and may continue to be subject to other litigation related to our trademarks and intellectual property rights. a substantial adverse judgment or other unfavorable resolution of these matters or our failure to otherwise protect our intellectual property rights as well as the costs associated with such activities could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
the canopy transaction, which is designed to capitalize on u.s. cannabis market opportunities, may significantly alter our relationship with and investment in canopy if the canopy transaction is completed and we exchange our canopy common shares for exchangeable shares and terminate certain legacy agreements with canopy, we and canopy will no longer be able to derive benefits from our strategic relationship. the exchangeable shares will not carry (i) voting rights which will limit our ability to exert influence over canopy (as will the termination of our rights under the investor rights agreement and the resignations of our nominees to canopy's board of directors) or (ii) rights to receive dividends or other rights upon dissolution of canopy which will limit our right to derive economic benefits from our investment in canopy if it declares dividends or dissolves and we continue to hold exchangeable shares. furthermore, we expect to no longer apply the equity method of accounting to our investment in canopy, which may subject our financial statements to additional volatility as we expect to account for the exchangeable shares at fair value. in connection with exchanging our canopy common shares for exchangeable shares, we will also surrender our november 2018 canopy warrants to canopy for cancellation, and therefore, we will not realize an opportunity to increase our ownership in canopy if its stock price were to recover prior to their expiration. the perception of the canopy transaction by members of the investment community, whether or not it is completed, and the potential that canopy may not remain listed on the stock exchanges it is currently listed on may result in a decrease in the value of canopy's common stock and further impair its liquidity and marketability. if the canopy transaction is not completed for any reason, including if canopy fails to receive the requisite shareholder approval for the canopy amendment, canopy will have expended substantial time and resources that could otherwise have been spent on canopy's existing businesses and the pursuit of other opportunities that could have been beneficial to canopy. canopy may not fully realize the anticipated benefits of the canopy transaction if it is completed. to the extent any of the foregoing factors impact canopy, it could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. were that to occur, we may not be able to recover the remaining value of our investment in canopy.
in addition, if the canopy transaction is completed and the october 2022 credit agreement amendments become effective, our financing arrangements will (i) restrict repayment of the loans under our credit agreements with proceeds derived, directly or indirectly, from canopy prior to the specified time, (ii) restrict the use of proceeds from the loans under our credit agreements, directly or indirectly, for any investment in, transaction with, or to fund the activities of or business with canopy prior to the specified time, and (iii) provide that we will not convert any of our outstanding exchangeable shares for canopy common shares or own any canopy common shares until the specified time. if the foregoing obligations become effective and we do not comply with them, we could trigger an event of default under such debt facilities or agreements. in such an event, the holders of our debt could elect to declare as due and payable all amounts outstanding under those instruments. an event of default could also result in events of default under other debt facilities or agreements that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions, which could permit counterparties thereunder to exercise remedies. if that occurred, we might not have available funds to satisfy our repayment obligations.
our canopy investment is dependent upon an emerging market and legal sales of cannabis products the legal cannabis market is an emerging market. the legislative framework pertaining to the canadian cannabis market, as well as cannabis markets in the u.s. and other countries, is uncertain. canopy's success will depend on, among other things, its ability to create a strong platform to operate successfully in the cannabis market space and consumer demand for its products. a robust cannabis consumer market may not develop consistent with our expectations, or consumers may choose not to purchase canopy products.
the changing legal landscape and the limited amount of consumer market data makes it difficult to predict the pace at which the cannabis market may grow, if at all, and the products that consumers will purchase in the cannabis marketplace. for example, the canadian cannabis act prohibits testimonials, lifestyle branding, and packaging that is appealing to youth. the restrictions on advertising, marketing, and the use of logos and brand names could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 24
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents operations, and our investment in canopy. additionally, canopy must rely largely on its own market research and internal data to forecast industry trends and statistics as detailed forecasts may not be fully available from other sources. a failure in the demand for canopy's products to materialize as a result of consumer desire, competition from legal and illegal market entrants or other products, or other factors could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations and our investment in canopy.
financial risks indebtedness and interest rate fluctuations we have incurred indebtedness to finance investments and acquisitions, refinance other indebtedness, fund beer operations expansion, optimization, and construction activities, pay cash dividends, and repurchase shares of our common stock. in the future, we may continue to incur additional indebtedness for any or all of these activities as well as to fund other general corporate purposes. we are exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations, and we have recently experienced a rising interest rate environment. we could experience further changes in our ability to manage fluctuations in interest rates, including for our variable interest rate debt outstanding or if we need to refinance indebtedness. in addition, our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet all our debt service requirements, return value to stockholders such as through payment of dividends or repurchase of shares of our common stock, and fund our general corporate and capital requirements.
our current and future debt service obligations and covenants could have important consequences. these consequences include, or may include, the following:
•our ability to obtain financing for future working capital needs, investments, acquisitions, or other purposes may be limited;
•our funds available for operations, expansions, construction, dividends or other distributions, or share repurchases may be reduced because we dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•our ability to conduct our business could be limited by restrictive covenants; and
•our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions may be greater than less leveraged competitors and, thus, our ability to withstand competitive pressures may be limited.
additionally, any failure to meet required payments on our debt, or failure to comply with any covenants in the instruments governing our debt, could result in an event of default under the terms of those instruments and a downgrade to our credit ratings. a downgrade to our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. certain of our debt facilities also contain change of control provisions which, if triggered, may result in an acceleration of our obligation to repay the debt. in addition, certain of our current and future debt and derivative financial instruments have, or in the future, could have interest rates that are tied to reference rates, such as sofr. the volatility and availability of such reference rates, including establishment of alternative reference rates, is out of our control. changes to or the unavailability of such rates or the manner for calculation of such reference rates, could result in increases to the cost of our debt.
if we do not comply with the obligations contained in our senior credit facility, our existing or future indentures, or other loan agreements, we could be in default under such debt facilities or agreements. in such an event, the holders of our debt could elect to declare as due and payable all amounts outstanding under those instruments. an event of default could also result in events of default under other debt facilities or agreements that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions, which could permit counterparties thereunder to exercise remedies. if that occurred, we might not have available funds to satisfy our repayment obligations.
accounting for canopy securities and potential additional impairment of canopy equity method investment we currently account for our investment in canopy under the equity method and recognize our equity in canopy's earnings or losses on a two-month lag. there may be an additional impairment of our canopy equity method investment if canopy's stock price does not recover above our carrying value in the near-term. in the event the canopy transaction and the transactions contemplated by the consent agreement are completed and we elect to convert our canopy common shares into exchangeable shares, we expect to no longer apply the equity method to our investment in canopy, which we expect will instead be accounted for at fair value. this may subject constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 25
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents our financial statements to additional volatility because the value of our exchangeable shares, including any received if we exchange our 2023 canopy promissory note for exchangeable shares, would be subject to volatility factors that include but are not limited to:
•actual or anticipated fluctuations in canopy's reported results of operations or financial position, including due to another significant impairment of goodwill or intangible or other long-lived assets;
•adverse market conditions;
•the outcome of the canopy transaction and related transactions;
•changes in the performance or market valuations of companies in canopy's industry;
•announcement of developments and material events by canopy or its competitors;
•fluctuations in the costs of vital production materials and services;
•addition or departure of canopy executive officers or other key personnel;
•news reports relating to trends, concerns, technological, or competitive developments, regulatory changes and other related issues in canopy's industry or target markets;
•legal and regulatory changes affecting the cannabis industry generally and canopy's business and operations; and
•administrative obligations associated with health canada requirements and compliance with all associated rules and regulations including, but not limited to, the canadian cannabis act.
canopy's corporate governance and valuation canopy's business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that may from time to time increase both canopy's compliance costs and the risk of its non-compliance. these include changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulated organizations, including, but not limited to, the canadian securities administrators, the tsx, the international accounting standards board, the sec, and nasdaq. these rules continue to evolve in scope and complexity creating new requirements for canopy. canopy is required to comply with applicable nasdaq listing standards and sox requirements. in the future, canopy's internal controls may not be adequate, or canopy may not be able to maintain adequate and effective internal controls over financial reporting as required by sox, or on an ongoing basis if standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time. if not maintained, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of its financial statements, which could harm canopy's business and have a negative impact on the trading price or market value of canopy securities.
in addition, we record as equity in earnings our proportional share of canopy's results of operations. we could have a material weakness in the event the proportional share of canopy's results of operations that we record contains an error as a result of an error in canopy's financial statements that we do not detect.
although we do not control canopy, we do currently have significant influence over canopy. if we controlled canopy, we would have to consolidate canopy into our financial statements, and if canopy had a material weakness, we would inherit canopy's material weakness through consolidation. in such an event, even if canopy's financial statements were correct, the fact that canopy had a material weakness could result in a material weakness for us.
class action or other litigation relating to abuse of our products, the misuse of our products, product liability, or marketing or sales practices, including product labeling there has been public attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry, which we believe is due to concerns related to harmful use of alcohol, including drinking and driving, underage drinking, and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. we could be exposed to lawsuits relating to product liability or marketing or sales practices, including product labeling. adverse developments in lawsuits related to such matters or a significant decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol products that may result from lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents other risks the reclassification may not benefit us or our stockholders the long-term impacts of the reclassification are still unknown, and the reclassification may not result in an increase in stockholder value or improve the liquidity and marketability of our equity. if the reclassification is not viewed favorably by members of the investment community, it may cause a decrease in the value of our class a stock and impair its liquidity and marketability. furthermore, securities markets worldwide have recently experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as general economic, market, or political conditions, could cause a reduction in the market price and liquidity of shares of our class a stock.
sands family stockholder class a stock ownership and board of directors nomination rights until the date that is five years after the effective time and so long as the sands family stockholders, collectively, have beneficial or record ownership of at least 10% of the issued and outstanding shares of class a stock, our board of directors will, subject to the procedures and limitations set forth in the reclassification agreement, nominate two individuals designated by wildstar for election to our board of directors at any annual meeting of our stockholders at which directors are to be elected (or otherwise in connection with any action by written consent pursuant to which a majority of the board of directors will be elected). so long as the sands family stockholders, collectively, have beneficial or record ownership of less than 10% but at least 9,239,463.1 shares of class a stock, as may be adjusted by any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, or similar transaction, the board of directors will, subject to the procedures and limitations set forth in the reclassification agreement, nominate one individual designated by wildstar for election to the board of directors at any annual meeting of our stockholders at which directors are to be elected (or otherwise in connection with any action by written consent pursuant to which a majority of the board of directors will be elected).
the amount of class a stock currently held by the sands family stockholders, together with the foregoing board of directors nomination rights, provide the sands family stockholders with significant continued influence over our decisions. the interests of the sands family stockholders with respect to matters potentially or actually involving or affecting us and our other stockholders, such as future acquisitions, financings, and other corporate opportunities and attempts to acquire us, may conflict with the interests of our other stockholders.
certain sands family stockholders have pledged shares of class a stock to secure various credit facilities. in the event of noncompliance with certain covenants under the credit facilities, the financial institutions to which such stock is pledged have certain remedies, including the right to sell the pledged shares subject to certain protections afforded to the borrowers and pledgors. the sale by such financial institutions of a substantial amount of the pledged shares could depress, or result in volatility in, the trading price of our class a stock.
choice-of-forum provision in our amended and restated by-laws regarding certain stockholder litigation our amended and restated by-laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (i) the court of chancery of delaware (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court of delaware) will be, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, or stockholders to us or our stockholders; any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the dgcl, our amended and restated charter, or our amended and restated by-laws, or as to which the dgcl confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery of delaware; or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, and (ii) the federal district courts of the u.s. will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the securities act.
to the fullest extent permitted by law, this choice-of-forum provision will apply to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal securities laws (including the securities act and the exchange act), although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. this choice-of-forum provision may increase costs for a stockholder pursuing any such claim, discourage claims, or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, other stockholders, or other employees which may discourage such lawsuits even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. in addition, the courts located in delaware may reach different judgments or results than would other courts, constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 27
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. if a court were to find this choice-of-forum provision inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions which could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the choice-of-forum provision described above.
general risks international operations, worldwide and regional economic trends and financial market conditions, geopolitical uncertainty, or other governmental rules and regulations risks associated with international operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, include:
•changes in political, economic, social, and labor conditions in u.s. and international locales;
•potential disruption from wars and military conflicts, including russia's invasion of ukraine, terrorism, civil unrest, kidnapping, and drug-related, workplace, or other types of violence;
•restrictions on foreign ownership and investments or on repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the u.s.;
•foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may reduce the u.s. dollar value of net sales, earnings, and cash flows from non-u.s. markets or increase our supply chain costs, as measured in u.s. dollars, in those markets;
•a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment in some countries, which, among other things, can create uncertainty regarding contract enforcement, intellectual property rights, privacy obligations, real property rights, and liability issues; and
•inadequate levels of compliance with applicable domestic and foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the foreign corrupt practices act.
unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including economic slowdown or recession, instability in the banking sector, and the disruption, volatility, and tightening of credit and capital markets, as well as unemployment, tax increases, governmental spending cuts, or continuing high levels of inflation, could affect consumer spending patterns and purchases of our products. these could also create or exacerbate credit issues, cash flow issues, and other financial hardships for us and our suppliers, distributors, retailers, and consumers. the inability of suppliers, distributors, and retailers to access liquidity could impact our ability to produce and distribute our products.
we could also be affected by nationalization of our international operations, unstable governments, unfamiliar or biased legal systems, intergovernmental disputes, or animus against the u.s. any determination that our operations or activities did not comply with applicable u.s. or foreign laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, interruptions of business, terminations of necessary licenses and permits, and other legal and equitable sanctions.
damage to our reputation the success of our brands depends upon consumers' positive image of those brands, and maintaining a good reputation is critical to selling our branded products. our reputation could also be impacted negatively by public perception, adverse publicity (whether or not valid, such as the similarity of the name of certain of our brands or trademarks and a type of virus), negative comments in social media, or our responses relating to:
•a perceived or actual failure to maintain high ethical standards and responsible operating practices to achieve our business goals, including those related to our esg and dei strategies, initiatives, and targets as well as associated reporting regulations, standards, frameworks, and ratings;
•a perceived or actual failure to address concerns relating to the quality, safety, or integrity of our products, including from accidental or deliberate contamination or tampering;
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents
•actions we may take to enhance or safeguard our reputation and uphold our core values, including changes to our operations, sales, advertising, marketing, and new product development;
•allegations that we, or persons currently or formerly associated with us, have violated applicable laws or regulations, including those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistleblowing, privacy, corporate citizenship, improper business practices, or cybersecurity;
•our environmental impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, water and energy use, and waste management; or
•efforts that are perceived as insufficient to promote the responsible use of alcohol or cannabis.
failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, maintain an effective system of internal controls, provide accurate and timely financial statement information, or protect our information systems against service interruptions, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security, could also hurt our reputation. damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation, competitive position, and brand equity and renew investor confidence.
competition we operate in a highly competitive industry, and our sales and profitability could be negatively affected by numerous factors including:
•increases in our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position;
•new entrants in our market or categories, including from the convergence of beverage categories;
•the consolidation of distributors, wholesalers, retailers, suppliers, and other beverage companies;
•the decision of wholesalers, retailers, or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours;
•pricing, purchasing, financing, operational, advertising, or promotional decisions made by wholesalers, state and local agencies, and retailers which affect supply of or consumer demand for our products; or
•a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption due to consumer dietary preference changes or consumers substituting legalized cannabis or other similar products in lieu of beverage alcohol.
our continued success also depends on our ability to attract and retain a high-quality and diverse workforce in a competitive environment for talent and to implement our human capital priorities and initiatives. we could experience higher expenses for investment in our personnel, including due to employee turnover, continuing wage inflation, and other emerging employment trends, particularly in the u.s.; to deliver on our human capital priorities and initiatives; or for other reasons. we may be unable to increase our prices to pass along any increased costs we incur to our customers.
intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks we have a significant amount of intangible assets such as goodwill and trademarks and may acquire more intangible assets in the future. intangible assets are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation under applicable accounting standards. the write-down of any of these intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
changes to tax laws, fluctuations in our effective tax rate, accounting for tax positions, the resolution of tax disputes, and changes to accounting standards, elections, assertions, or policies changes to federal, state, provincial, local, or foreign tax laws, could result in increased taxes on our products, business, customers, or consumers. various proposals to increase taxes on beverage alcohol products have been made at the federal and state levels or at other governmental bodies in recent years. federal, state, provincial, local, or foreign governmental entities may consider increasing taxes upon beverage alcohol products as they explore available alternatives for raising funds, including to offset budget or other deficits.
in addition, significant judgment is required to determine our effective tax rate and evaluate our tax positions. our provision for income taxes includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. fluctuations in federal, state, local, and foreign taxes, or a change to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, may constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 29
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents impact our effective tax rate and our financial results. when tax matters arise, several years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase our effective tax rate and resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
u.s. tax changes or changes in how international corporations are taxed, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, or changes to accounting standards, elections, or assertions as well as our accounting policies could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties and may affect the price of our common stock our capital allocation strategy contemplates quarterly cash dividends and periodic share repurchases under our share repurchase program. we fund our cash dividends and share repurchases through a combination of cash flow from operations, borrowings, and divestiture proceeds. however, we are not required to declare dividends or to make any share repurchases under our share repurchase program. we may discontinue, limit, suspend, delay, or increase our dividends and share repurchases at any time without prior notice. even if not discontinued, the amount of such dividends and repurchases may be changed, and the amount, timing, and frequency of such dividends and repurchases may vary from historical practice or from our stated expectations. decisions with respect to dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will be based on a variety of factors. important factors that could cause us to discontinue, limit, suspend, delay, or increase our cash dividends or share repurchases include market conditions, the price of our common stock, the nature and timing of other investment opportunities, changes in our business strategy, the terms of our financing arrangements, our outlook as to our ability to obtain financing at attractive rates, the impact on our credit ratings, changes in laws or regulations, and the availability of cash. the ira imposes an excise tax of 1% on share repurchases, effective january 1, 2023. the impact of this excise tax will be dependent on the extent of our share repurchases in future periods and could increase our tax liability. the reduction or elimination of our cash dividend or longer suspension or elimination of our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. additionally, any share repurchases may not enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock, and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness.
part i         other key information         table of contents
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction we have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented. refer to item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" located in our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 28, 2022, filed on april 21, 2022, for reference to discussion of the fiscal year ended february 28, 2021, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented. this md&a, which should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, is organized as follows:
overview.    this section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition, and potential future trends.
strategy.    this section provides a description of our strategy and a discussion of recent developments, global supply chain and covid-19 related impacts, and significant divestitures, acquisitions, and investments.
results of operations.    this section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. in addition, a brief description of significant transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided.
liquidity and capital resources.    this section provides an analysis of our cash flows, outstanding debt, liquidity position, and commitments. included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the financial capacity available to fund our on-going operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates.    this section identifies accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment, and involve significant management estimates. our significant accounting policies, including those considered to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1.
overview our internal management financial reporting consists of three business divisions: (i) beer, (ii) wine and spirits, and (iii) canopy and we report our operating results in four segments: (i) beer, (ii) wine and spirits, (iii) corporate operations and other, and (iv) canopy. our canopy equity method investment makes up the canopy segment. if the canopy transaction is completed, including conversion of our canopy common shares into exchangeable shares, we expect our internal management financial reporting to consist of two business divisions: (i) beer and (ii) wine and spirits and we will report our operating results in three segments: (i) beer, (ii) wine and spirits, and (iii) corporate operations and other.
in the beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported beer brands, craft beer, and abas. we have an exclusive perpetual brand license to import, market, and sell our mexican beer portfolio in the u.s. in the wine and spirits segment, we sell a portfolio that includes higher-margin, higher-growth wine brands complemented by certain higher-end spirits brands. amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment consist of costs of executive management, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate growth and strategy, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, it, legal, and public relations, as well as our investments made through our corporate venture capital function. all costs included in the corporate operations and other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are, therefore, not allocated to the other reportable segments. all costs reported within the corporate operations and other segment are not included in our codm's evaluation of the operating income (loss) performance of the other reportable segments. the business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents strategy our business strategy for the beer segment focuses on strengthening our leadership position in the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market and continuing to grow our brands through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. this includes continued focus on growing our beer portfolio in the u.s. through expanding distribution for key brands, including within the 3-tier ecommerce channel, as well as continued expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at our breweries in mexico. additionally, in an effort to compete more fully in growing sectors of the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market, we have leveraged our innovation capabilities to create new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats that are intended to meet emerging needs.
expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue under our mexico beer projects to align with our anticipated future growth expectations, and we expect to spend an additional $4.0 billion to $4.5 billion over fiscal 2024 through fiscal 2026 on these activities. see "capital expenditures" below. additionally, we are pursuing the sale of the remaining assets at the canceled mexicali brewery after exploring various options; however, we may not be successful in completing any such sale or obtaining other forms of recovery.
our business strategy for the wine and spirits segment focuses on higher-end brands, improving margins, and creating operating efficiencies. we continue to refine our portfolio primarily through an enhanced focus on higher-margin, higher-growth wine and spirits brands. our business is organized into two distinct commercial teams, one focused on our fine wine and craft spirits brands and the other focused on our mainstream and premium brands. while each team has its own distinct strategy, both remain aligned to the goal of accelerating performance by growing organic net sales and expanding margins. in addition, we are advancing our aim to become a global, omni-channel competitor in line with consumer preferences. our business continues to progressively expand into dtc channels (including hospitality), 3-tier ecommerce, and international markets, while continuing to grow in u.s. 3-tier brick-and-mortar distribution. in markets where it is feasible, we entered into a contractual arrangement with southern glazer's wine and spirits to consolidate our u.s. distribution in order to obtain dedicated distributor selling resources which focus on our u.s. wine and spirits portfolio to drive organic growth. this u.s. distributor currently represents about 70% of our branded wine and spirits volume in the u.s.
marketing, sales, and distribution of our products are primarily managed on a geographic basis allowing us to leverage leading market positions. in addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, craft beer, aba, and branded wine and spirits categories, with generally separate distribution networks utilized for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. the environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets.
we complement our strategy with our investment in canopy by expanding our portfolio into adjacent categories. canopy is a leading cannabis and cpg company with operations in canada, the u.s., germany, and certain other global markets. this investment is consistent with our long-term strategy to identify, address, and stay ahead of evolving consumer trends and market dynamics. our strategic relationship with canopy is designed to help position it to be successful in cannabis production, branding, and intellectual property. we expect this relationship to continue through the completion of the canopy transaction including the conversion of our canopy common shares into exchangeable shares. for further information on our plan to convert our canopy common stock ownership, see "canopy segment" below.
we remain committed to our long-term financial model of: growing sales, expanding margins, and increasing cash flow in order to achieve earnings per share growth as well as our target net leverage ratio and dividend payout ratio; invest to support the growth of our business; and deliver additional returns to stockholders through periodic share repurchases. our results of operations and financial condition have been affected by inflation, changing prices, and reductions in discretionary income of consumers available to purchase our products, as well as other unfavorable global and regional economic conditions, geopolitical events, and military conflicts, such as repercussions from the conflict in ukraine. we expect some or all of these impacts to continue into fiscal 2024. we intend to continue to monitor the inflationary environment and the impact on the consumer when we consider passing along rising costs through further selling price increases, subject to normal competitive constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 34
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents conditions. in addition, we continue to identify on-going cost savings initiatives, including our commodity and foreign exchange hedging programs. however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully mitigate rising costs through increased selling prices and/or cost savings initiatives. furthermore, to the extent climate-related severe weather events, such as droughts, floods, wildfires, and/or late frosts, continue to occur or accelerate in future periods, it could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
recent developments
2023 canopy promissory note in april 2023, we extended the maturity of the remaining c$100.0 million principal amount of our canopy debt securities by exchanging them for the 2023 canopy promissory note. the 2023 canopy promissory note bears interest at an annual rate of 4.25% and matures on december 31, 2024. canopy may prepay the 2023 canopy promissory note in whole or in part at any time prior to the maturity date. if the canopy amendment is authorized by canopy's shareholders, we maintain our intention to negotiate an exchange of the c$100.0 million principal amount of the 2023 canopy promissory note for exchangeable shares, although neither we nor canopy has any binding obligation to do so.
daleville facility in march 2023, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell the daleville facility. we expect the transaction to close during the three months ending may 31, 2023, subject to required regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. the net cash proceeds from the transaction are expected to be used primarily for general corporate purposes, including retirement of debt.
global supply chain and covid-19 related impacts we believe the impact of covid-19 on our business has largely diminished at this time; however, uncertainties continue, particularly around disruptions to the global supply chain and shifting consumer behaviors. fiscal 2023 was, and fiscal 2024 is expected to continue to be, impacted by challenges with both global supply and transportation which have contributed to higher cost of product sold. for example, wine produced in new zealand and italy and subsequently shipped to the u.s. for distribution continues to be affected by increased costs of ocean freight shipping. in addition, during fiscal 2022, we experienced a brown glass purchasing shortage, which impacted certain of our imported beer brands. this supply returned to normal levels in early fiscal 2023. to the extent these or similar circumstances continue to occur or accelerate in future periods it could have a material impact on our results of operations.
we have seen consumers shift more of their total shopping spend to online channels since the covid-19 outbreak, which has led to increased ecommerce sales, including dtc, for our business. covid-19 may continue to impact consumers' purchasing and consumption patterns. in response to covid-19, we have ensured our on-going liquidity and financial flexibility through cash preservation initiatives, capital management adjustments, and cost control measures. we used opportunities under the cares act afforded to us earlier in the pandemic to defer some payments including certain payroll taxes. we believe we have sufficient liquidity available from operating cash flow, cash on hand, and availability under our revolving credit facility. we expect to have continued access to capital markets and to be able to continue to return value to stockholders through dividends and periodic share repurchases.
2022 wine divestiture in october 2022, we sold certain of our mainstream and premium wine brands and related inventory. accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of such mainstream and premium wine brands through the date of divestiture. we received cash proceeds of $96.7 million from the 2022 wine divestiture that were utilized primarily to reduce outstanding borrowings. we recognized a net gain of $15.0 million on the sale of business for fiscal 2023. this gain was included in selling, general, and administrative expenses within our consolidated results.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents austin cocktails acquisition in april 2022, we acquired the remaining 73% ownership interest in austin cocktails, which included a portfolio of small batch, rtd cocktails. this transaction primarily included the acquisition of goodwill and a trademark. the results of operations of austin cocktails are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
lingua franca acquisition in march 2022, we acquired the lingua franca business, including a collection of oregon-based luxury wines, a vineyard, and a production facility. this transaction also included the acquisition of a trademark and inventory. the results of operations of lingua franca are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
my favorite neighbor acquisition in november 2021, we acquired the remaining 65% ownership interest in my favorite neighbor, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, trademarks, inventory, and property, plant, and equipment. the results of operations of my favorite neighbor are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
our recent divestiture and acquisitions support our strategic focus on consumer-led premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of our consumers.
corporate operations and other segment corporate investment in february 2022, we sold an investment made through our corporate venture capital function. we recognized our share of their equity in earnings (losses) in our consolidated financial statements in the corporate operations and other segment up to the date we sold our ownership interest.
canopy segment canopy investment we have evaluated the canopy equity method investment as of february 28, 2023, and determined that there was not an other-than-temporary impairment. our conclusion was based primarily on the period of time for which the fair value has been less than the carrying value. we will continue to review the canopy equity method investment for an other-than-temporary impairment. if canopy's stock price does not recover above our carrying value in the near-term, it may result in an additional impairment of our canopy equity method investment.
in february 2023, canopy announced the next series of comprehensive steps to align its canadian cannabis operations and resources in response to continued unfavorable market trends. in connection with these next steps, canopy disclosed that it expects to record an estimated pre-tax loss of approximately c$425 million to c$525 million in its fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 and in its first half of fiscal 2024 results. we will record our proportional share of canopy's estimated pre-tax loss of approximately c$145 million to c$180 million, in our applicable fiscal 2024 results.
additionally, we evaluated the canopy equity method investment as of august 31, 2022, and determined that there was an other-than-temporary impairment. our conclusion was based on several contributing factors, including: (i) the period of time for which the fair value had been less than the carrying value and the uncertainty surrounding canopy's stock price recovering in the near-term, (ii) canopy recording a significant impairment of goodwill related to its cannabis operations during its three months ended june 30, 2022, and (iii) the uncertainty of u.s. federal cannabis permissibility. as a result, the canopy equity method investment with a carrying value of $1,695.1 million was written down to its estimated fair value of $634.8 million, resulting in an impairment of $1,060.3 million. this loss from impairment was included in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results for fiscal 2023.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents in july 2022, we received 29.2 million common shares of canopy following the exchange of c$100.0 million principal amount of our canopy debt securities. this exchange did not significantly change our canopy ownership percentage.
plan to convert canopy common stock ownership in october 2022, we entered into a consent agreement with canopy pursuant to which we have provided our consent, subject to certain conditions, to the canopy transaction. assuming the completion of the canopy transaction and the transactions contemplated by the consent agreement and that we elect to convert our canopy common shares into exchangeable shares:
•we will only have an interest in exchangeable shares, which are non-voting and non-participating securities, and our 2023 canopy promissory note (for which we intend to negotiate an exchange of the principal amount for exchangeable shares, although neither we nor canopy has any binding obligation to do so);
•we will have no further governance rights in relation to canopy, including rights to nominate members to the board of directors of canopy, or approval rights related to certain transactions;
•all of our nominees will resign from the board of directors of canopy; and
◦apply the equity method to our investment in canopy, which we expect to instead be accounted for at fair value with changes reported in income (loss) from unconsolidated investments within our consolidated results; and
◦have a stand-alone canopy operating segment as canopy's financial results are not expected to be provided to, or reviewed by, our codm and will not be used to make strategic decisions, allocate resources, or assess performance.
for additional information on recent developments, investments, acquisitions, and divestitures, refer to notes 2, 7, 10, and 22.
results of operations financial highlights references to organic throughout the following discussion exclude the impact of the 2022 wine divestiture, as appropriate.
•our results of operations were primarily impacted by (i) a decrease in unrealized net loss from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy, (ii) an impairment of long-lived assets for fiscal 2022 in connection with certain assets at the mexicali brewery, (iii) improvements within the beer segment driven by shipment volume growth, and (iv) a decrease in inventory obsolescence within the beer segment, driven by a slowdown in the overall hard seltzer category in early fiscal 2022, partially offset by (i) a fiscal 2023 impairment of our canopy equity method investment, (ii) an increase in equity in losses from canopy's results primarily driven by their goodwill impairment, (iii) higher operational and logistics costs within both the beer and wine and spirits segments, (iv) increase in beer media investments, (v) impacts of trademark and other long-lived asset impairment losses, and (vi) an increase in corporate operations and other general and administrative expenses, driven by digital business acceleration investments and a fiscal 2022 reversal of stock-based compensation.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents
•net sales increased 7% largely due to an increase in beer net sales driven primarily by shipment volume growth and favorable impact from pricing.
•operating income increased 22% largely due to (i) the impact of the impairment of long-lived assets in connection with certain assets at the mexicali brewery for fiscal 2022 and (ii) improvements within the beer segment, including the decrease in inventory obsolescence, partially offset by (i) the higher operational and logistics costs, (ii) the increase in beer media investments, (iii) the trademark and other long-lived asset impairment losses, and (iv) the increase in corporate operations and other general and administrative expenses.
•net loss attributable to cbi increased due to an increase in loss from unconsolidated investments and higher provision for income taxes as compared to fiscal 2022, largely offset by the increase in operating income items discussed above. diluted net loss per common share attributable to cbi decreased as compared to fiscal 2022.
comparable adjustments management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these comparable adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. segment operating performance and the incentive compensation of segment management are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss) which does not include the impact of these comparable adjustments.
as more fully described herein and in the related notes, the comparable adjustments that impacted comparability in our segment results for each period are as follows:
cost of product sold settlements of undesignated commodity derivative contracts                          $(76.7)                          $(35.9)
flow through of inventory step-up                                                     (4.5)                            (0.1)
strategic business development costs                                                  (1.2)                            (2.6)
net flow through of reserved inventory                                                  1.2                             12.1
recovery of (loss on) inventory write-down                                              0.2                            (1.0)
comparable adjustments, cost of product sold                                         (96.0)                             82.4
selling, general, and administrative expenses impairments of assets                                                                (66.5)                                -
transition services agreements activity                                              (20.5)                           (19.2)
restructuring and other strategic business development costs                          (9.9)                              0.6
gain (loss) on sale of business                                                        15.0                              1.7
comparable adjustments, selling, general, and administrative expenses                (97.8)                           (20.6)
impairment of brewery construction in progress                                            -                          (665.9)
comparable adjustments, operating income (loss)                                    $(193.8)                         $(604.1)
comparable adjustments, income (loss) from unconsolidated investments            $(1,907.7)                       $(1,488.2)
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents cost of product sold undesignated commodity derivative contracts net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. the net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. at settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility.
flow through of inventory step-up in connection with acquisitions, the allocation of purchase price in excess of book value for certain inventories on hand at the date of acquisition is referred to as inventory step-up. inventory step-up represents an assumed manufacturing profit attributable to the acquired business prior to acquisition.
net flow through of reserved inventory we sold reserved inventory previously written down following the 2020 u.s. wildfires.
selling, general, and administrative expenses impairments of assets we recognized trademark and other long-lived asset impairment losses in connection with certain continued negative trends within our craft beer business. for additional information, refer to notes 5 and 7.
costs associated with the reclassification we recognized costs in connection with the reclassification primarily related to professional and consulting fees, printing and mailing the associated proxy statement/prospectus, all filing and other fees paid to the sec, and the acceleration of certain commitments. for additional information, refer to note 17.
transition services agreements activity we recognized costs in connection with transition services agreements related to the wine and spirits divestitures.
restructuring and other strategic business development costs we recognized costs primarily in connection with certain activities which are intended to streamline, increase efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure (fiscal 2023).
gain (loss) on sale of business we recognized a net gain on the completion of the 2022 wine divestiture (fiscal 2023). for additional information, refer to note 2.
we recognized other gains (losses) primarily in connection with (i) net increase (decrease) in estimated fair values of contingent liabilities associated with prior period acquisitions, (ii) a gain recognized on the remeasurement of our previously held equity interests to the acquisition-date fair value, (iii) an insurance recovery related to a prior severe weather event (fiscal 2023), (iv) a property tax settlement (fiscal 2022), and (v) an adjustment to understated excise tax accruals primarily related to a prior period acquisition (fiscal 2022).
impairment of brewery construction in progress we recognized an impairment of long-lived assets in connection with certain assets at the mexicali brewery. for additional information, refer to notes 5 and 7.
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments we recognized income (loss) primarily from (i) an impairment of our canopy equity method investment (fiscal 2023), (ii) comparable adjustments to equity in earnings (losses) from canopy's results, (iii) an unrealized gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of our securities measured at fair value, and (iv) a net gain recognized constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 39
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents from the sale of an equity method investment made through our corporate venture capital function (fiscal 2022). for additional information, refer to notes 7 and 10.
business segments net sales fiscal                         fiscal                       dollar                 percent
2023                           2022                       change                  change
2023                                                                2022                      change                            change
the increase in beer net sales is largely due to (i) $463.9 million of volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, which benefited from continued consumer demand, and (ii) $279.7 million of favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio, partially offset by $26.8 million of unfavorable product mix primarily from a shift in package types.
2023                                                                2022                      change                          change
(1)includes an adjustment to remove volume associated with the 2022 wine divestiture for the period october 6, 2021, through february 28, 2022.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the decrease in wine and spirits net sales is due to $44.1 million from the 2022 wine divestiture and a $37.4 million decrease in organic net sales. the decrease in organic net sales is driven by a $148.0 million decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, including impacts from global supply chain constraints, partially offset by (i) a $90.9 million increase from favorable product mix, (ii) a $17.5 million increase in non-branded net sales driven by dtc, and (iii) $4.1 million of favorable impact from pricing. the decrease in branded wine and spirits shipment volume and favorable product mix are attributable to the consumer-led premiumization and mix improvements of our portfolio. the favorable impact from pricing was driven by price increases and higher contractual distributor payments as compared to fiscal 2022, largely offset by increases in promotional activity.
canopy segmentour ownership interest in canopy allows us to exercise significant influence, but not control, and, therefore, we account for our investment in canopy under the equity method. amounts included for the canopy segment represent 100% of canopy's reported results on a two-month lag. accordingly, we recognized our share of canopy's earnings (losses) from january through december 2022, in our fiscal 2023 results and january through december 2021, in our fiscal 2022 results. although we own less than 100% of the outstanding shares of canopy, 100% of its results are included and subsequently eliminated to reconcile to our consolidated financial statements. see "income (loss) from unconsolidated investments" below for a discussion of canopy's net sales, gross profit (loss), selling, general, and administrative expenses, and operating income (loss). this discussion is based on information canopy has publicly disclosed.
gross profit fiscal                         fiscal                       dollar                 percent
2023                           2022                       change                  change
canopy                                     (125.7)                         (18.6)                      (107.1)                           nm consolidation and eliminations               125.7                           18.6        107.1                                           nm comparable adjustments                      (96.0)                           82.4                      (178.4)                           nm consolidated gross profit                 $4,769.0                       $4,707.3                        $61.7                       1    %
the increase in beer gross profit is primarily due to the $279.7 million favorable impact from pricing and $253.0 million of shipment volume growth, partially offset by $233.2 million of higher cost of product sold and $40.7 million of unfavorable product mix. the higher cost of product sold is largely due to (i) $185.1 million of higher materials costs, including aluminum, glass, malt, cartons, lumber, corn, and steel, driven by inflation and supply chain constraints, (ii) a $42.5 million increase in brewery costs primarily driven by increased utilities, administrative costs, and maintenance, (iii) $40.7 million of higher depreciation, (iv) $34.1 million of increased transportation costs, and (v) $18.3 million of supporting costs, including increased compensation and benefits, it expenses, and travel, partially offset by (i) $71.9 million of decreased obsolescence primarily from excess inventory of hard seltzers resulting from a slowdown in the overall category in early fiscal 2022 and (ii) $26.8 million of favorable fixed cost absorption related to increased production levels as compared to fiscal 2022.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the decrease in wine and spirits gross profit is due to a decrease of $29.3 million from the 2022 wine divestiture, partially offset by an $8.6 million increase in organic gross profit. the increase in organic gross profit is driven by (i) $62.6 million of favorable product mix, (ii) $22.7 million of higher non-branded gross profit, (iii) a $5.0 million favorable foreign currency translation impact, and (iv) the $4.1 million favorable impact from pricing, partially offset by (i) a $78.8 million decline in branded wine and spirits shipment volume and (ii) $7.0 million of higher cost of product sold, driven by inflation and global supply chain constraints. the increase in cost of product sold was largely attributable to (i) $30.5 million of increased transportation and warehousing costs, including ocean freight shipping, and (ii) $10.8 million of higher material costs, including glass and packaging materials, largely offset by (i) $22.3 million of net favorable fixed cost absorption and (ii) $12.0 million of cost saving initiatives, primarily resulting in lower grape costs.
gross profit as a percent of net sales decreased to 50.5% for fiscal 2023 compared with 53.4% for fiscal 2022. this decrease was largely due to (i) approximately 245 basis points of rate decline from cost of product sold within the beer segment, driven by the increase in operational and logistics costs, (ii) an unfavorable change of approximately 185 basis points in comparable adjustments, and (iii) approximately 30 basis points related to unfavorable product mix shift within the beer segment, partially offset by (i) approximately 135 basis points of favorable impact from beer pricing in select markets and (ii) favorable product mix shift and favorable impact from non-branded product within the wine and spirits segment, each contributing approximately 15 basis points.
2023                           2022                      change                  change
canopy                                                                1,980.2                          611.5                     1,368.7                           nm consolidation and eliminations                                      (1,980.2)                        (611.5)                   (1,368.7)                           nm comparable adjustments                                                   97.8                           20.6                        77.2                           nm consolidated selling, general, and administrative expenses           $1,926.1                       $1,709.7                      $216.4                      13    %
the increase in beer selling, general, and administrative expenses is primarily due to $54.7 million of higher marketing spend and $47.8 million of increased general and administrative expenses. the higher marketing spend was driven by increased sports-related partnerships and planned investments to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio. the increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by (i) compensation and benefits, primarily related to incremental headcount to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio, (ii) higher travel and meeting costs as compared to fiscal 2022, and (iii) mexico beer projects strategic asset relocation, partially offset by favorable foreign currency impact.
the decrease in wine and spirits selling, general, and administrative expenses is due to $20.3 million of lower marketing spend and a $6.2 million decrease in selling expenses, partially offset by $23.4 million of increased general and administrative expenses. the increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by compensation and benefits, primarily related to higher headcount from our continued focus on expanding into dtc channels and higher-end brands, higher travel as compared to fiscal 2022, and expenses associated with an initiative to improve our marketing effectiveness, partially offset by favorable foreign currency impact. for fiscal 2024, we expect marketing spend to be 8% of net sales.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the increase in corporate operations and other selling, general, and administrative expenses is largely due to approximately (i) a $36 million increase in third-party services, primarily driven by our digital business acceleration investments, and (ii) a $9 million increase in compensation and benefits, partially offset by a decrease of approximately $8 million resulting from the completion of an erp implementation in fiscal 2022. the increase in compensation and benefits was primarily driven by (i) a fiscal 2022 reversal of stock-based compensation for a performance award tied to earnings from our investment in canopy that did not achieve a threshold level of performance and (ii) increased headcount to support our digital business acceleration initiative, partially offset by lower incentive accruals as compared to fiscal 2022.
selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased to 20.4% for fiscal 2023 as compared with 19.4% for fiscal 2022. the increase is driven largely by (i) an unfavorable change in comparable adjustments, contributing 75 basis points of rate growth and (ii) approximately 40 basis points of rate growth from the increase in the corporate operations and other segment's selling, general, and administrative expenses, partially offset by approximately 25 basis points of rate decline as the increase in beer net sales exceeded the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses.
operating income (loss)
2023                           2022                         change                  change
canopy                                         (2,105.9)                        (630.1)                      (1,475.8)                           nm consolidation and eliminations                   2,105.9                          630.1                        1,475.8                           nm comparable adjustments                           (193.8)                        (604.1)        410.3                                             nm consolidated operating income (loss)            $2,842.9                       $2,331.7                         $511.2                      22    %
the increase in beer operating income is largely attributable to the favorable pricing impact, strong shipment volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, decreased obsolescence, and favorable fixed cost absorption, partially offset by higher operational and logistics costs, marketing spend, and general and administrative expenses, as discussed above, and the unfavorable product mix shift.
the decrease in wine and spirits operating income is largely attributable to the decline in branded wine and spirits shipment volume, the 2022 wine divestiture, and increases in general and administrative expenses and cost of product sold, as described above, partially offset the favorable product mix shift, increase in non-branded net sales, lower marketing spend, and the favorable pricing impact.
as previously discussed, the corporate operations and other increase in operating loss is largely due to fiscal 2023 digital business acceleration investments and increased compensation and benefits, as discussed above, partially offset by the decrease in erp-related consulting services.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents income (loss) from unconsolidated investments general fiscal                                    fiscal               dollar            percent
2023                                        2022               change            change
impairment of canopy equity method investment                                                $(1,060.3)                               $-           $(1,060.3)                 nm unrealized net gain (loss) on securities measured at fair value                              (45.9)                            (1,644.7)              1,598.8        97                 %
net gain (loss) on sale of unconsolidated investment (2)                                     -                                      51.0               (51.0)                 nm
(1)includes $461.4 million of a goodwill impairment related to canopy's cannabis operations for fiscal 2023. also includes $123.5 million and $82.4 million of costs designed to improve their organizational focus, streamline operations, and align production capability with projected demand for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022, respectively.
(2)represents the sale of our previously held equity interest in an investment made through our corporate venture capital function.
for additional information regarding our equity method investments, refer to note 10.
canopy segmentcanopy net sales decreased to $339.3 million for fiscal 2023 from $444.3 million for fiscal 2022. this decrease of $105.0 million, or 24%, is largely attributable to lower cannabis sales, partially offset by growth in their biosteel sports nutrition inc. business. the decline in cannabis sales primarily resulted from decreases in (i) canadian adult-use cannabis sales volume, largely driven by the continuing impacts of price compression resulting from increased competition, and (ii) medicinal sales driven by the january 2022 divestiture of c3, an international pharmaceutical business. additionally, other consumer products sales in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022 decreased driven by declines in their storz &amp; bickel gmbh &amp; co. kg and this works products limited businesses. canopy gross profit (loss) decreased to $(125.7) million for fiscal 2023 from $(18.6) million for fiscal 2022. this decrease of $107.1 million is primarily driven by (i) a net increase in inventory write-downs and other charges associated with canopy's restructuring actions as compared to fiscal 2022, (ii) decreased net sales and price compression in the canadian adult-use channel, (iii) unfavorable product mix shift, and (iv) a decrease in payroll subsidies received from the canadian government in fiscal 2022 pursuant to a covid-19 relief program. canopy selling, general, and administrative expenses increased $1,368.7 million largely driven by a $1,353.2 million goodwill impairment related to their cannabis operations, restructuring costs, and asset impairments for fiscal 2023, partially offset by a continued focus on reducing costs and the closure of certain research and development facilities in fiscal 2022. the combination of these factors were the main contributors to the $1,475.8 million increase in operating loss.
interest expense interest expense increased to $398.7 million for fiscal 2023 as compared to $356.4 million for fiscal 2022. this increase of $42.3 million, or 12%, is due to higher average borrowings of approximately $775 million and approximately 20 basis points of higher weighted average interest rates, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest in connection with the mexico beer projects. the higher average borrowings and weighted average interest rates are largely attributable to the august 2022 term credit agreement and borrowings under our commercial paper program which was used to fund the aggregate cash payment to holders of class b stock in connection with the reclassification. for additional information, refer to notes 12 and 17.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents loss on extinguishment of debt loss on extinguishment of debt primarily consists of a premium payment and the write-off of debt issuance costs in connection with the may 2022 tender offers of our 3.20% february 2018 senior notes and 4.25% may 2013 senior notes and make-whole payments in connection with the early redemption of our (i) 3.20% february 2018 senior notes and 4.25% may 2013 senior notes (fiscal 2023) and (ii) 2.70% may 2017 senior notes and 2.65% november 2017 senior notes (fiscal 2022). for additional information, refer to note 12.
(provision for) benefit from income taxes the provision for income taxes increased to $422.1 million for fiscal 2023 from $309.4 million for fiscal 2022. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2023 was 110.0% as compared with 99.7% for fiscal 2022. in comparison to prior year, our taxes were impacted primarily by:
•a higher income tax benefit from stock-based compensation award activity for fiscal 2022 from changes in option exercise activity; partially offset by
•a net income tax benefit recognized from the realization of tax losses related to a prior period divestiture; and
•the effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses, including the impact of the fiscal 2022 long-lived asset impairment of brewery construction in progress.
for additional information, refer to note 13.
we expect our reported effective tax rate for the next fiscal year to be in the range of 18% to 20%. this range does not reflect any future changes in the fair value of our canopy investment measured at fair value and any future equity in earnings (losses) from the canopy equity method investment and related activities. on august 16, 2022, the ira was signed into law in the u.s. we do not currently expect the ira to have a material impact on our financial results, including on our annual effective tax rate and/or overall liquidity.
net income (loss) attributable to cbi net loss attributable to cbi increased to $71.0 million for fiscal 2023 from $40.4 million for fiscal 2022. this increase of $30.6 million, or 76%, is largely attributable to (i) the impairment of our canopy equity method investment, (ii) the increase in equity losses from canopy's results, and (iii) the increase in the provision for income taxes, partially offset by (i) the decrease in unrealized net loss from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy, (ii) the impairment of long-lived assets for fiscal 2022 in connection with certain assets at the mexicali brewery, and (iii) the improvements within the beer segment.
liquidity and capital resources general our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. our ability to consistently generate robust cash flow from our operations is one of our most significant financial strengths; it enables us to invest in our people and our brands, make capital investments and strategic acquisitions, provide a cash dividend program, and from time-to-time, repurchase shares of our common stock. our largest use of cash in our operations is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. historically, we have used this cash flow to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. additionally, our commercial paper program is used to fund our short-term borrowing requirements and to maintain our access to the capital markets. we use our short-term borrowings, including our commercial paper program, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures, among other things.
we seek to maintain adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating and financing activities will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 45
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents repurchases, and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.
the reclassification required significant cash outlays during the third quarter of fiscal 2023. pursuant to the reclassification, each share of class b stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time was reclassified, exchanged, and converted into one share of class a stock and received $64.64 in cash, without interest. the aggregate cash payment to holders of class b stock at the effective time was $1.5 billion. we utilized our $1.0 billion three-year term loan facility under the august 2022 term credit agreement and borrowings under our commercial paper program to fund the aggregate cash payment to holders of class b stock. in addition, we incurred $37.8 million of non-recurring costs and expenses for fiscal 2023 in connection with the completion of the reclassification. in february 2023, we repaid a portion of our indebtedness under the august 2022 term credit agreement with proceeds from the february 2023 senior notes. we do not expect the reclassification to have an ongoing material impact on our liquidity. for additional information, refer to note 17.
we have an agreement with a financial institution for payment services and began to facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program through this participating financial institution during fiscal 2023. the program is available to certain of our suppliers allowing them the option to manage their cash flow. we are not a party to the agreements between the participating financial institution and the suppliers in connection with the program. our rights and obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, are not impacted. for additional information, refer to note 16.
2023               2022                       change
operating activities                                                    $2,756.9           $2,705.4                        $51.5
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents               (3.5)              (1.3)                        (2.2)
operating activities the increase in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities consists of:
2023                           2022                         change
deferred tax provision (benefit)                                                                                        207.8                           84.8                          123.0
equity in (earnings) losses of equity method investees and related activities, net of distributed earnings              971.8                           61.6                          910.2
impairment of canopy equity method investment                                                                         1,060.3                              -                        1,060.3
impairment of long-lived assets                                                                                          53.5                          665.9                        (612.4)
other non-cash adjustments                                                                                              730.6                          433.0                          297.6
change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from purchase and sale of business                         (274.5)                        (185.6)                         (88.9)
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                  $2,756.9                       $2,705.4                          $51.5
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the net change in operating assets and liabilities was largely driven by (i) a net income tax benefit recognized from the realization of tax losses related to a prior period divestiture, (ii) accounts payable primarily attributable to the timing of payments for the beer segment, and (iii) an exclusivity payment received in connection with distribution arrangements for our u.s. wine and spirits brand portfolio in fiscal 2022. these changes were partially offset by the timing of collections for (i) recoverable value-added taxes for the beer segment and (ii) accounts receivable for the wine and spirits segment. additionally, net cash provided by operating activities benefited from lower income tax payments in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2023 decreased to $999.4 million for fiscal 2023 from $1,035.8 million for fiscal 2022. this decrease of $36.4 million, or 4%, was primarily due to (i) $92.1 million of higher proceeds from sale of business, driven by the 2022 wine divestiture, and (ii) $16.4 million of lower business acquisitions, partially offset by $74.4 million from the sale of an investment made through our corporate venture capital function in fiscal 2022.
business acquisitions and divestitures consist primarily of the following:
•my favorite neighbor         •corporate investment for additional information on these acquisitions and divestitures, refer to notes 2 and 10.
financing activities the decrease in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities consists of:
2023               2022                           change
net proceeds from (payments of) debt, current and long-term, and related activities            $1,991.3                    $(81.3)                 $2,072.6
purchases of treasury stock                                                                   (1,700.2)                    (1,390.5)                (309.7)
payment to holders of class b stock in connection with the reclassification                   (1,500.0)                    -                      (1,500.0)
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents debt total debt outstanding as of february 28, 2023, amounted to $12,461.3 million, an increase of $2,044.8 million from february 28, 2022. this increase consisted of:
(1)the august 2022 term credit agreement amount reflects a partial repayment of $500.0 million made in february 2023.
bank facilities in april 2022, the company and the administrative agent and lender amended the june 2021 term credit agreement. the principal changes effected by the april 2022 amendment were the refinement of certain negative covenants and replacement of libor rates with rates based on term sofr.
in april 2022, we entered into the 2022 restatement agreement that amended and restated the 2020 credit agreement. the 2022 restatement agreement resulted in (i) the refinance and increase of the existing revolving credit facility from $2.0 billion to $2.25 billion and extension of its maturity to april 14, 2027, (ii) the refinement of certain negative covenants, and (iii) the replacement of libor rates with rates based on term sofr. there are no borrowings outstanding under the 2022 credit agreement.
in august 2022, we entered into the august 2022 term credit agreement. the august 2022 term credit agreement provides for a $1.0 billion three-year term loan facility and is not subject to amortization payments, with the balance due and payable on november 10, 2025. in february 2023, we repaid a portion of our indebtedness under the august 2022 term credit agreement with proceeds from the february 2023 senior notes.
in october 2022, we entered into the october 2022 credit agreement amendments which revised certain defined terms and covenants in our credit agreements. these amendments will become effective upon (i) the amendment by canopy of its articles of incorporation, (ii) the conversion of our canopy common shares into exchangeable shares, and (iii) the resignation of our nominees from the board of directors of canopy.
senior notes in may 2022, we issued the may 2022 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance costs, of $1,837.1 million were used towards a series of cash tender offers to purchase a portion of the 3.20% february 2018 senior notes and the 4.25% may 2013 senior notes, the june 2022 redemption of the remaining outstanding balance of the 3.20% february 2018 senior notes and the 4.25% may 2013 senior notes constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 48
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents and a make-whole premium, and for general corporate purposes, including working capital, funding capital expenditures, retirement of debt, and other business opportunities.
in february 2023, we issued the february 2023 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance, of $497.1 million were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of a portion of our indebtedness under our august 2022 term credit agreement.
general the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of february 28, 2023, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, with maturities ranging from calendar 2024 to calendar 2050, and variable-rate senior unsecured term loan facilities under our april 2022 term credit agreement and august 2022 term credit agreement with calendar 2024 and 2025 maturity dates, respectively, as follows:
additionally, we have a commercial paper program which provides for the issuance of up to an aggregate principal amount of $2.25 billion of commercial paper, inclusive of a $250.0 million increase implemented in december 2022. our commercial paper program is backed by unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 credit agreement. accordingly, outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program reduce the amount available under our revolving credit facility.
we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper and, therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. if the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when commercial paper borrowings mature, we will utilize unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 credit agreement to repay commercial paper borrowings. we do not expect that fluctuations in demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity given our borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility.
we had the following remaining borrowing capacity available under our 2022 credit agreement:
(1)net of outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and outstanding letters of credit under our 2022 credit agreement and outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program (excluding unamortized discount) of $1,169.5 million and $1,003.6 million as of february 28, 2023, and april 13, 2023, respectively.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the financial institutions participating in our 2022 credit agreement have complied with prior funding requests and we believe they will comply with any future funding requests. however, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so.
as of february 28, 2023, we and our subsidiaries were subject to covenants that are contained in our 2022 credit agreement, including those restricting the incurrence of additional subsidiary indebtedness, additional liens, mergers and consolidations, transactions with affiliates, and sale and leaseback transactions, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions, and thresholds. the financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum net leverage ratio, both as defined in our 2022 credit agreement. as of february 28, 2023, under our 2022 credit agreement, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net leverage ratio was 4.0x.
the representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default set forth in our april 2022 term credit agreement and our august 2022 term credit agreement are substantially similar to those set forth in our 2022 credit agreement.
our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii) a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii) restrictions on mergers, consolidations, and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person.
as of february 28, 2023, we were in compliance with our covenants under our 2022 credit agreement, our april 2022 term credit agreement, our august 2022 term credit agreement, and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations.
for further discussion and presentation of our borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to note 12.
common stock dividends on april 5, 2023, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.89 per share of class a stock and $0.80 per share of class 1 stock payable on may 18, 2023, to stockholders of record of each class as of the close of business on may 4, 2023. we expect to return approximately $650 million to stockholders in fiscal 2024 through cash dividends.
we currently expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of our common stock in the future, but such payments are subject to approval of our board of directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a. "risk factors" of this form 10-k.
share repurchase program our board of directors authorized the repurchase of our publicly traded common stock of up to $3.0 billion under the 2018 authorization and an additional repurchase of up to $2.0 billion under the 2021 authorization. the 2018 authorization was fully utilized as of may 31, 2022.
during fiscal 2023, we repurchased 7,086,446 shares of class a stock pursuant to the 2018 authorization and 2021 authorization at an aggregate cost of $1,700.2 million, excluding the impact of federal excise tax owed pursuant to the ira, or an average cost of $239.92 per share, through a combination of open market transactions and an asr. we primarily used cash on hand to pay the purchase price for the repurchased shares.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents as of february 28, 2023, total shares repurchased under the 2018 authorization and the 2021 authorization are as follows:
class a common shares repurchase authorization   dollar value of shares repurchased                       number of shares repurchased
share repurchases under the 2021 authorization may be accomplished at management's discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. we may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations and/or proceeds from borrowings. any repurchased shares will become treasury shares, including shares repurchased under the 2018 authorization and the 2021 authorization.
we currently expect to continue to repurchase shares in the future, but such repurchases are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a. "risk factors" of this form 10-k.
for additional information, refer to note 17.
capital resources we have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating and financing activities will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.
the following sets forth information about our outstanding obligations at february 28, 2023. for a detailed discussion of the items noted in the following table, refer to notes 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16.
operating leases                                                                                       $96.3                     $503.4                 $599.7
capital expenditures (3)                                                                              $243.7                     $407.3                 $651.0
contract services                                                                                     $168.7                     $402.8                 $571.5
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents short-term payments        long-term payments         total
investments in businesses (4)       $4.4                       $110.2                     $114.6
(2)other long-term liabilities do not include payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities of $326.5 million due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, other long-term liabilities do not include expected payments for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as amounts are not material. for a detailed discussion of these items, refer to note 13.
(3)contracts to purchase equipment and services primarily related to the mexico beer projects. for further information about these purchase obligations, refer to "capital expenditures" below.
(4)publicly announced intent to invest (i) $100 million in female-founded or led companies through our focus on female founders program over a 10-year period concluding in fiscal 2029 and (ii) $100 million to support minority-owned companies in the beverage alcohol space and related categories through our focus on minority founder venture program over a 10-year period concluding in fiscal 2031. we have invested $75.8 million and $9.6 million through fiscal 2023 in female-founded or led companies and minority-owned companies, respectively.
capital expenditures during fiscal 2023, we incurred $1,035.4 million for capital expenditures, including $813.9 million for the beer segment primarily for the mexico beer projects. we plan to spend from $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion for capital expenditures in fiscal 2024, including approximately $1 billion for the beer segment associated primarily with the mexico beer projects. the remaining planned fiscal 2024 capital expenditures consist of improvements to existing operating facilities and replacements of existing equipment and/or buildings. management reviews the capital expenditure program periodically and modifies it as required to meet current and projected future business needs.
in april 2022, we announced that, with the assistance of the mexican government and state and local officials in mexico, we acquired land in veracruz for the construction of the veracruz brewery where there is ample water and we will have a skilled workforce to meet our long-term needs. the design and construction process for the veracruz brewery is underway. see note 7 for further discussion.
critical accounting policies and estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1. certain policies are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management to determine appropriate assumptions to be used in certain estimates; as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. estimates are based on historical experience, observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. we review estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business on an ongoing basis. our critical accounting estimates include:
•equity method investments. we monitor our equity method investments for factors indicating other-than-temporary impairment. we consider several factors when evaluating our investments, including, but not limited to, (i) the period of time for which the fair value has been less than the carrying value, (ii) operating and financial performance of the investee, (iii) the investee's future business plans and projections, (iv) recent transactions and market valuations of publicly traded companies, where available, (v) discussions with their management, and (vi) our ability and intent to hold the investment until it recovers in value.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents canopy equity method investment - monitored for other-than-temporary impairment at each reporting date, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment may not be recoverable.
as of february 28, 2022, the carrying value of our canopy equity method investment exceeded the fair value by $1,488.7 million. as of august 31, 2022, we evaluated the canopy equity method investment and determined there was an other-than-temporary impairment based on several contributing factors, including: (i) the period of time for which the fair value had been less than the carrying value and the uncertainty surrounding canopy's stock price recovering in the near-term, (ii) canopy recording a significant impairment of goodwill related to its cannabis operations during its three months ended june 30, 2022, and (iii) the uncertainty of u.s. federal cannabis permissibility. as a result, the canopy equity method investment with a carrying value of $1,695.1 million was written down to its estimated fair value of $634.8 million, resulting in an impairment of $1,060.3 million. the estimated fair value was determined based on the closing price of the underlying equity security as of august 31, 2022.
as of february 28, 2023, the carrying value of our canopy equity method investment exceeded the fair value by $87.4 million. if canopy's stock price does not recover above our c$3.84 carrying value in the near-term, there may be an additional impairment of our canopy equity method investment.
•fair value of financial instruments. management's estimate of fair value requires significant judgment and is subject to a high degree of variability based upon market conditions and the availability of specific information. the fair values of our financial instruments that require the application of significant judgment by management are as follows:
canopy investment equity securities, warrants - estimated using the black-scholes option-pricing model (level 2 fair value measurement) and monte carlo simulations (level 2 fair value measurement). these valuation models use various market-based inputs, including stock price, remaining contractual term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield, as applicable. management applies significant judgment in its determination of expected volatility. we consider both historical and implied volatility levels of the underlying equity security and apply limited consideration of historical peer group volatility levels.
debt securities - estimated using a binomial lattice option-pricing model (level 2 fair value measurement), which includes an estimate of the credit spread based on market spreads using bond data as of the valuation date. this valuation model uses various market-based inputs, including stock price, remaining term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield, as applicable.
•goodwill and other intangible assets. goodwill and other intangible assets are classified into three categories: (i) goodwill, (ii) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, and (iii) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization. for intangible assets with definite lives, impairment testing is required if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill, impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. we may perform a qualitative evaluation prior to a quantitative test to determine if an impairment exists. however, if the results of the qualitative evaluation are inconclusive or suggest an impairment may exist, we must proceed to the quantitative test. the qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors, including market conditions, industry changes, actual results as compared to forecasted results, or the timing of recent acquisitions and/or divestitures. the quantitative test estimates the fair value utilizing assumptions and projections regarding items such as future cash flows, revenues, earnings, and other factors. the factors and assumptions used reflect management's estimates and are based on historical trends, projections, and assumptions, including expectations of future economic and competitive conditions that are used in current strategic operating plans; however, these are subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 53
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to recognize an impairment loss for these assets. the recognition of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
we perform annual impairment tests and re-evaluate the useful lives of other intangible assets with indefinite lives at the annual impairment test measurement date of january 1 or when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment or change in useful life might exist.
goodwill - our reporting units with goodwill include the beer segment and the wine and spirits segment. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis using the quantitative assessment. no indication of impairment was noted for either of our reporting units, as the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value. based on this analysis, the reporting unit with the lowest amount of estimated fair value in excess of its carrying value was the wine and spirits reporting unit with approximately 26% excess fair value. for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, as a result of our annual goodwill impairment analyses, we concluded that there were no indications of impairment for either of our reporting units.
the most significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow calculation to determine the estimated fair value of our reporting units in connection with the impairment testing are: (i) the discount rate, (ii) the expected long-term growth rate, and (iii) the annual cash flow projections. as of january 1, 2023, if we used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher, used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower, or used annual cash flow projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of goodwill, then the changes individually would not have resulted in the carrying value of the respective reporting unit's net assets, including its goodwill, exceeding its estimated fair value. therefore, we did not have any indication of potential impairment.
other intangible assets - our intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks obtained through business acquisitions. customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. the trademarks that were determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. using the quantitative assessment, our trademarks are evaluated for impairment by comparing the carrying value of the trademarks to their estimated fair value. the estimated fair value of trademarks is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023, certain continued negative trends within our funky buddha and four corners craft beer portfolios, including ongoing negative cash flows, resulted in management's decision to revise our long-term financial forecasts for these portfolios. accordingly, the beer segment's funky buddha and four corners craft beer businesses recognized $9.0 million and $4.0 million impairment losses, respectively, in connection with the write-off of their trademark assets. refer to note 7 for further discussion. additionally, in connection with our annual trademark analysis, we performed a quantitative assessment for the import beer, wine, and spirits trademarks and concluded that there were no indications of impairment for any of these trademark units.
for fiscal 2022, as a result of our annual trademark impairment analyses, we concluded that there were no indications of impairment for any of our trademark units. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain negative trends within our four corners craft beer portfolio, including slower growth rates and increased competition, resulted in updated long-term financial forecasts indicating lower revenue and cash flow generation for the related portfolio. this change in financial forecasts indicated it was more likely than not the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset associated with the four corners trademark might be below its carrying value. accordingly, we performed a quantitative assessment for impairment. as a result of this assessment, the beer segment's four corners craft beer business recognized a $6.0 million impairment loss in connection with its trademark asset. refer to note 7 for further discussion.
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents estimated fair value of intangible assets with indefinite lives in connection with impairment testing are: (i) the estimated royalty rate, (ii) the discount rate, (iii) the expected long-term growth rate, and (iv) the annual revenue projections. as of january 1, 2023, if we used a royalty rate that was 50 basis points lower, used a discount rate that was 50 basis points higher, used an expected long-term growth rate that was 50 basis points lower, or used annual revenue projections that were 100 basis points lower in our impairment testing of intangible assets with indefinite lives, then each change individually would not have resulted in any unit of accounting's carrying value exceeding its estimated fair value.
divestitures - when some, but not all of a reporting unit that constitutes a business is disposed of, some of the goodwill of the reporting unit should be allocated to the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of. the allocation of goodwill is based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit remaining. this approach requires a determination of the fair value of both the business being disposed and the businesses retained within the reporting unit.
for fiscal 2023, our estimate of fair value for the 2022 wine divestiture was determined based on the expected proceeds from the transaction. the components sold were a part of the wine and spirits segment and were included in that reporting unit through the date of divestiture. goodwill was allocated to the assets based on the relative fair value of the business being sold compared to the relative fair value of the reporting unit. goodwill not allocated to assets associated with the divestiture remained in the wine and spirits reporting unit.
for fiscal 2021, our estimate of fair value for the paul masson divestiture, the wine and spirits divestitures, the concentrate business divestiture, and the ballast point divestiture was determined based on the expected proceeds from the transactions. the components sold were a part of the wine and spirits or beer segment and were included in those reporting units through the date of divestiture. goodwill was allocated to the assets held for sale based on the relative fair value of the businesses being sold compared to the relative fair value of the reporting unit. goodwill not allocated to assets associated with the respective divestitures remained in the wine and spirits or beer reporting unit.
•accounting for income taxes. we estimate our deferred tax assets and liabilities, income taxes payable, provision for income taxes, and unrecognized tax benefit liabilities based upon various factors including, but not limited to, historical pretax operating income, future estimates of pretax operating income, differences between book and tax treatment of various items of income and expense, interpretation of tax laws, and tax planning strategies. we are subject to income taxes in canada, mexico, switzerland, the u.s., and other jurisdictions. we are regularly audited by federal, state, and foreign tax authorities, but a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved.
we believe all tax positions are fully supported. we recognize tax assets and liabilities in accordance with the fasb guidance for income tax accounting. accordingly, we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly change our current estimate of our unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. changes in current estimates, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
we recognize our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the expected future tax outcome of amounts recognized in our results of operations. if necessary, we recognize a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not they will not be realized. we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, historical and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent constellation brands, inc. fy 2023 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 55
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents and feasible tax planning strategies. the realization of deferred tax assets is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. we believe it is more likely than not the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our existing deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. changes in the realizability of our deferred tax assets will be reflected in our effective tax rate in the period in which they are determined.
change in accounting guidance accounting guidance adopted for fiscal 2023 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
part ii        item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures        table of contents