item 1a - risk factors xcel energy is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows are described below. although the risks are organized by heading, and each risk is described separately, many of the risks are interrelated. these risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and future reports that we file with the sec. you should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized.
while we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in the future.
oversight of risk and related processes the board of directors is responsible for the oversight of material risk and maintaining an effective risk monitoring process. management and the board of directors' committees have responsibility for overseeing the identification and mitigation of key risks and reporting its assessments and activities to the full board of directors.
xcel energy maintains a robust compliance program and promotes a culture of compliance beginning with the tone at the top. the risk mitigation process includes adherence to our code of conduct and compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and overall business management. xcel energy further mitigates inherent risks through formal risk committees and corporate functions such as internal audit, and internal controls over financial reporting and legal.
management identifies and analyzes risks to determine materiality and other attributes such as timing, probability and controllability. identification and risk analysis occurs formally through risk assessment conducted by senior management, the financial disclosure process, hazard risk procedures, internal audit and compliance with financial and operational controls.
management also identifies and analyzes risk through the business planning process, development of goals and establishment of key performance indicators, including identification of barriers to implementing xcel energy's strategy. the business planning process also identifies likelihood and mitigating factors to prevent the assumption of inappropriate risk to meet goals.
management communicates regularly with the board of directors and key stakeholders regarding risk. senior management presents and communicates a periodic risk assessment to the board of directors, providing information on the risks that management believes are material, including financial impact, timing, likelihood and mitigating factors. the board of directors regularly reviews management's key risk assessments, which includes areas of existing and future macroeconomic, financial, operational, policy, environmental, safety and security risks.
the oversight, management and mitigation of risk is an integral and continuous part of the board of directors' governance of xcel energy. the board of directors assigns oversight of critical risks to each of its four committees to confirm these risks are well understood and given appropriate focus.
the audit committee is responsible for reviewing the adequacy of the committees' risk oversight and affirming appropriate aggregate oversight occurs. committees regularly report on their oversight activities and certain risk issues may be brought to the full board of directors for consideration when deemed appropriate.
emerging risks are considered and assigned as appropriate during the annual board of directors and committee evaluation process, resulting in updates to the committee charters and annual work plans. additionally, the board of directors conducts an annual strategy session where xcel energy's future plans and initiatives are reviewed.
risks associated with our business operational risks our natural gas and electric generation/transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
our natural gas transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions, outages and mechanical problems. our electric generation, transmission and distribution activities include inherent hazards and operating risks such as contact, fire and outages.
these risks could result in loss of life, significant property damage, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial financial losses to employees, third-party contractors, customers or the public. we maintain insurance against most, but not all, of these risks and losses.
the occurrence of these events, if not fully covered by insurance, could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as well as potential loss of reputation.
other uncertainties and risks inherent in operating and maintaining xcel energy's facilities include, but are not limited to:
•risks associated with facility start-up operations, such as whether the facility will achieve projected operating performance on schedule and otherwise as planned.
•failures in the availability, acquisition or transportation of fuel or other supplies.
•impact of adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, including, tornadoes, icing events, floods and droughts.
•performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency.
•availability of replacement equipment.
•availability of adequate water resources and ability to satisfy water intake and discharge requirements.
•availability or changes to wind patterns.
•use of new or unproven technology.
•risks associated with dependence on a specific type of fuel or fuel source, such as commodity price risk, availability of adequate fuel supply and transportation and lack of available alternative fuel sources.
•increased competition due to, among other factors, new facilities, excess supply, shifting demand and regulatory changes.
additionally, compliance with existing and potential new regulations related to the operation and maintenance of our natural gas infrastructure could result in significant costs. the phmsa is responsible for administering the dot's national regulatory program to assure the safe transportation of natural gas, petroleum and other hazardous materials by pipelines. the phmsa continues to develop regulations and other approaches to risk management to assure safety in design, construction, testing, operation, maintenance and emergency response of natural gas pipeline infrastructure. we have programs in place to comply with these regulations and systematically monitor and renew infrastructure over time, however, a significant incident or material finding of non-compliance could result in penalties and higher costs of operations.
our natural gas and electric transmission and distribution operations are dependent upon complex information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could disrupt our normal business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to process transactions and provide services.
our utility operations are subject to long-term planning and project risks.
most electric utility investments are planned to be used for decades. transmission and generation investments typically have long lead times and are planned well in advance of in-service dates and typically subject to long-term resource plans. these plans are based on numerous assumptions such as: sales growth, customer usage, commodity prices, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, customer behavior, available technology and public policy. xcel energy's long-term resource plan is dependent on our ability to obtain required approvals, develop necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources and adhere to budgets and timelines.
in addition, the long-term nature of both our planning processes and our asset lives are subject to risk. the electric utility sector is undergoing significant change (e.g., increases in energy efficiency, wider adoption of distributed generation and shifts away from fossil fuel generation to renewable generation). customer adoption of these technologies and increased energy efficiency could result in excess transmission and generation resources, downward pressure on sales growth, and potentially stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments.
the magnitude and timing of resource additions and changes in customer demand may not coincide with evolving customer preference for generation resources and end-uses, which introduces further uncertainty into long-term planning. efforts to electrify the transportation and building sectors to reduce ghg emissions may result in higher electric demand and lower natural gas demand over time. higher electric demand may require us to adopt new technologies and make significant transmission and distribution investments including advanced grid infrastructure, which increases exposure to overall grid instability and technology obsolescence. evolving stakeholder preference for lower emissions from generation sources and end-uses, like heating, may impact our resource mix and put pressure on our ability to recover capital investments in natural gas generation and delivery. multiple states may not agree as to the appropriate resource mix, which may lead to costs to comply with one jurisdiction that are not recoverable across all jurisdictions served by the same assets.
we require inputs such as coal, natural gas, uranium and water to cool our facilities. lack of availability of these resources could jeopardize long-term operations of our facilities or make them uneconomic to operate.
our products contain components that are globally sourced from suppliers who, in turn, source components from their suppliers. a shortage of key components in which an alternative supplier is not identified could significantly impact operations and project plans for xcel energy and our customers. such impacts could include timing of projects, including potential for project cancellation. failure to adhere to project budgets and timelines adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production.
a significant increase in fuel costs could cause a decline in customer demand, adverse regulatory outcomes and an increase in bad debt expense which may have a material impact on our results of operations. despite existing fuel cost recovery mechanisms in most of our states, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries could impact our cash flows and liquidity.
a significant disruption in supply could cause us to seek alternative supply services at potentially higher costs. additionally, supply shortages may not be fully resolved, which negatively impacts our ability to provide services to our customers. failure to provide service due to disruptions may also result in fines, penalties or cost disallowances through the regulatory process. also, significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to sales commitments negatively impacts our cash flows and results of operations.
we also engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. in many markets, emission allowances and/or recs are also needed to comply with various statutes and commission rulings. as a result, we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk.
commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. we mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis. settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause earnings variability. the management of risks associated with hedging and trading is based, in part, on programs and procedures which utilize historical prices and trends.
public perception often does not distinguish between pass through commodity costs and base rates. high commodity prices that are being passed through to customer bills could impact our ability to recover costs for other improvements and operations.
due to the uncertainty involved in price movements and potential deviation from historical pricing, xcel energy is unable to fully assure that its risk management programs and procedures would be effective to protect against all significant adverse market deviations.
in addition, the company cannot fully assure that its controls will be effective against all potential risks. if such programs and procedures are not effective, xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially impacted.
the competition for talent has become increasingly prevalent, and we have experienced increased employee turnover due to the condition of the labor market. in addition, specialized knowledge and skills are required for many of our positions, which may pose additional difficulty for us as we work to recruit, retain and motivate employees in this climate.
failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant knowledge and expertise to new employees or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. inability to attract and retain these employees adversely impacts our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
our operations use third-party contractors in addition to employees to perform periodic and ongoing work.
we rely on third-party contractors to perform operations, maintenance and construction work. our contractual arrangements with these contractors typically include performance and safety standards, progress payments, insurance requirements and security for performance. poor vendor performance or contractor unavailability could impact ongoing operations, restoration operations, regulatory recovery, our reputation and could introduce financial risk or risks of fines.
our employees, directors, third-party contractors, or suppliers may violate or be perceived to violate our codes of conduct, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation.
we are exposed to risk of employee or third-party contractor fraud or misconduct. all employees and members of the board of directors are subject to comply with our code of conduct and are required to participate in annual training. additionally, suppliers are subject to comply with our supplier code of conduct.
xcel energy does not tolerate discrimination, violations of our code of conduct or other unacceptable behaviors. however, it is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by employees and other third-parties, which may result in governmental investigations, other actions or lawsuits. if such actions are taken against us we may suffer loss of reputation and such actions could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our subsidiary, nsp-minnesota, is subject to the risks of nuclear generation.
nsp-minnesota has two nuclear generation plants, pi and monticello. risks of nuclear generation include:
•hazards associated with the use of radioactive material in energy production, including management, handling, storage and disposal.
•limitations on insurance available to cover losses that may arise in connection with nuclear operations, as well as obligations to contribute to an insurance pool in the event of damages at a covered u.s. reactor.
•technological and financial uncertainties related to the costs of decommissioning nuclear plants may cause our funding obligations to change.
the nrc has authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities, including the ability to impose fines and/or shut down a unit until compliance is achieved. nrc safety requirements could necessitate substantial capital expenditures or an increase in operating expenses. in addition, the inpo reviews nsp-minnesota's nuclear operations. compliance with the inpo's recommendations could result in substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses.
if a nuclear incident did occur, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. furthermore, non-compliance or the occurrence of a serious incident at other nuclear facilities could result in increased industry regulation, which may increase nsp-minnesota's compliance costs.
financial risks our profitability depends on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover their costs and changes in regulation may impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs from their customers.
we are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers.
the profitability of our utility operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services and earn a return on capital investment. our rates are generally regulated and are based on an analysis of the utility's costs incurred in a test year. the utility subsidiaries are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory jurisdiction. thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not match its costs at any given time. rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital.
there can also be no assurance that our regulatory commissions will judge all the costs of our utility subsidiaries to be prudent, which could result in disallowances, or that the regulatory process will always result in rates that will produce full recovery.
overall, management believes prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory framework. however, there may be changes in the regulatory environment that could impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs historically collected from customers, or these subsidiaries could exceed caps on capital costs required by commissions and result in less than full recovery.
changes in the long-term cost-effectiveness or to the operating conditions of our assets may result in early retirements of utility facilities. while regulation typically provides cost recovery relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs.
higher than expected inflation or tariffs may increase costs of construction and operations. also, rising fuel costs could increase the risk that our utility subsidiaries will not be able to fully recover their fuel costs from their customers.
adverse regulatory rulings (including changes in recovery mechanisms) or the imposition of additional regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and materially affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on common stock.
any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships.
we cannot be assured that our current credit ratings will remain in effect, or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn by a rating agency. significant events including disallowance of costs, use of historic test years, elimination of riders or interim rates, increasing depreciation lives, lower returns on equity, changes to equity ratios and impacts of tax policy may impact our cash flows and credit metrics, potentially resulting in a change in our credit ratings. in addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies.
any credit ratings downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs or lower proceeds from equity issuances. it could also impact our ability to access capital markets. also, our utility subsidiaries may enter into contracts that require posting of collateral or settlement if credit ratings fall below investment grade.
we are subject to capital market and interest rate risks.
utility operations require significant capital investment. as a result, we frequently need to access capital markets. any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. capital market disruption and financial market distress could prevent us from issuing commercial paper, issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with unfavorable terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates or lower proceeds from equity issuances. higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates could also have an adverse effect on our operating results.
the performance of capital markets impacts the value of assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission nsp-minnesota's nuclear plants and satisfy our defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plan obligations. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected returns. a decline in the market value of these assets may increase funding requirements. additionally, the fair value of the debt securities held in the nuclear decommissioning and/or pension trusts may be impacted by changes in interest rates.
we are subject to credit risks.
credit risk includes the risk that our customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in our liquidity and an increase in bad debt expense. credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the economy and unemployment rates.
credit risk also includes the risk that counterparties that owe us money or product will become insolvent and may breach their obligations. should the counterparties fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. in that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and incur losses.
xcel energy may have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. we may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, (e.g., miso, spp, electric reliability council of texas and california independent system operator), in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants.
we have additional indirect credit exposure to financial institutions from letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various purchased power contracts. if any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below investment grade, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. if the security were not replaced, the party could be in default under the contract.
increasing costs of our defined benefit retirement plans and employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover most of our employees. assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements of these plans. estimates and assumptions may change. in addition, the pension protection act sets the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans. therefore, our funding requirements and contributions may change in the future.
also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year, due to high numbers of retirements or employees leaving, would trigger settlement accounting and could require xcel energy to recognize incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year liabilities are paid. changes in industry standards utilized in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future obligations and benefit costs.
increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations.
increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. health care legislation could also significantly impact our benefit programs and costs.
investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets. substantially all our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries. consequently, our operating cash flow and ability to service our debt and pay dividends depends upon the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries and their payment of dividends.
our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any amounts due pursuant to our obligations or to make any funds available for dividends on our common stock. in addition, each subsidiary's ability to pay dividends depends on statutory and/or contractual restrictions which may include requirements to maintain minimum levels of equity ratios, working capital or assets.
if the utility subsidiaries were to cease making dividend payments, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or otherwise meet our financial obligations could be adversely affected. our utility subsidiaries are regulated by state utility commissions, which possess broad powers to prioritize that the needs of the utility customers are met. we may be negatively impacted by the actions of state commissions that limit the payment of dividends by our utility subsidiaries.
federal tax law may significantly impact our business.
our utility subsidiaries collect estimated federal, state and local tax payments through their regulated rates. changes to federal tax law may benefit or adversely affect our earnings and customer costs. tax depreciable lives and the value/availability of various tax credits or the timeliness of their utilization may impact the economics or selection of resources. if tax rates are increased, there could be timing delays before regulated rates provide for recovery of such tax increases in revenues. in addition, certain irs tax policies, such as tax normalization, may impact our ability to economically deliver certain types of resources relative to market prices.
macroeconomic risks economic conditions impact our business.
xcel energy's operations are affected by economic conditions, which correlates to customers/sales growth (decline). economic conditions may be impacted by recessionary factors, rising interest rates and insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers' ability to pay their bills, which could lead to additional bad debt expense.
our utility subsidiaries face competitive factors, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. further, worldwide economic activity impacts the demand for basic commodities necessary for utility infrastructure, which may inhibit our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. we operate in a capital-intensive industry and federal trade policy could significantly impact the cost of materials we use. there may be delays before these additional material costs can be recovered in rates.
we face risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
health epidemics continue to impact countries, communities, supply chains and markets. uncertainty continues to exist regarding epidemics; the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally); the potential impact on the workforce including shortages of employees and third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions; impacts on the transportation of goods, and the generalized impact on the economy.
we cannot ultimately predict whether an epidemic will have a material impact on our future liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. nor can we predict the impact on the health of our employees, our supply chain or our ability to recover higher costs associated with managing an outbreak.
operations could be impacted by war, terrorism or other events.
our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information and control systems may be targets of terrorist activities. any disruption could impact operations or result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. these disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. we have incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. the insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. in addition, insurance may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms.
a disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business, brand and reputation. because our facilities are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility.
we also face the risks of possible loss of business due to significant events such as severe storms, temperature extremes, wildfires (particularly in colorado), widespread pandemic, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, operator error, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation or a workforce disruption.
in addition, major catastrophic events throughout the world may disrupt our business. while we have business continuity plans in place, our ability to recover may be prolonged due to the type and extent of the event. xcel energy participates in a global supply chain, which includes materials and components that are globally sourced. a prolonged disruption could result in the delay of equipment and materials that may impact our ability to connect, restore and reliably serve our customers.
a major disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues, additional costs to repair assets, and an adverse impact on the cost and availability of insurance, which could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
a cyber incident or security breach could have a material effect on our business.
we operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology, control systems and network infrastructure. in addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors, shareholders and other individuals.
xcel energy's generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets as well as information processed in our systems (e.g., information regarding our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cyber security incidents, including those caused by human error.
the utility industry has been the target of several attacks on operational systems and has seen an increased volume and sophistication of cyber security incidents from international activist organizations, other countries and individuals. we expect to continue to experience attempts to compromise our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. to date, no cybersecurity incident or attack has had a material impact on our business or results of operations.
cyber security incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generating, transmitting and distributing capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations or causing the release of customer information, all of which would likely receive state and federal regulatory scrutiny and could expose us to liability.
xcel energy's generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cyber security incident on the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third-party service providers' operations, could also negatively impact our business.
our supply chain for procurement of digital equipment and services may expose software or hardware to these risks and could result in a breach or significant costs of remediation. we are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security threats or subsequent related actions. cyber security incidents and regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third-party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels.
we maintain security measures to protect our information technology and control systems, network infrastructure and other assets. however, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cyber security incidents, including asset failure or unauthorized access to assets or information.
a failure or breach of our technology systems or those of our third-party service providers could disrupt critical business functions and may negatively impact our business, our brand, and our reputation. the cyber security threat is dynamic and evolves continually, and our efforts to prioritize network protection may not be effective given the constant changes to threat vulnerability.
while the company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, such insurance is subject to a number of exclusions and may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs or damages experienced. also, the market for cybersecurity insurance is relatively new and coverage available for cybersecurity events is evolving as the industry matures.
our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather.
our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand depends heavily upon weather patterns. a significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
public policy risks increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business.
the energy act increased civil penalty authority for violation of ferc statutes, rules and orders. ferc can impose penalties of up to $1.5 million per violation per day, particularly as it relates to energy trading activities for both electricity and natural gas. in addition, nerc electric reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection requirements are mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties. also, the phmsa, occupational safety and health administration and other federal agencies have the authority to assess penalties.
in the event of serious incidents, these agencies may pursue penalties. in addition, certain states have the authority to impose substantial penalties. if a serious reliability, cyber or safety incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the continued use of natural gas for both power generation and gas distribution have increasingly become a public policy advocacy target. these efforts may result in a limitation of natural gas as an energy source for both power generation and heating, which could impact our ability to reliably and affordably serve our customers.
in recent years, there have been various local and state agency proposals within and outside our service territories that would attempt to restrict the use and availability of natural gas. if such policies were to prevail, we may be forced to make new resource investment decisions which could potentially result in stranded costs if we are not able to fully recover costs and investments and impact the overall reliability of our service.
environmental policy risks we may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change may create financial risk as our facilities may be subject to additional regulation at either the state or federal level in the future. international agreements could additionally lead to future federal or state regulations.
in 2015, the united nations framework convention on climate change reached consensus among 190 nations on an agreement (the paris agreement) that establishes a framework for ghg mitigation actions by all countries, with a goal of holding the increase in global average temperature to below 2o celsius above pre-industrial levels and an aspiration to limit the increase to 1.5o celsius.
international commitments and agreements could result in future additional ghg reductions in the united states. in addition, in 2023 the epa intends to publish draft regulations for ghg emissions from the power sector consistent with the agency's clean air act authorities.
many states and localities continue to pursue their own climate policies. the steps xcel energy has taken to date to reduce ghg emissions, including energy efficiency measures, adding renewable generation and retiring or converting coal plants to natural gas, occurred under state-endorsed resource plans, renewable energy standards and other state policies.
we may be subject to climate change lawsuits. an adverse outcome could require substantial capital expenditures and possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant and could affect results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.
if our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the o&m costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
we are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. laws and regulations require us to obtain permits, licenses, and approvals and to comply with a variety of environmental requirements.
environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of facilities or the use of certain fuels, shift generation to lower-emitting facilities, install pollution control equipment, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. failure to meet requirements of environmental mandates may result in fines or penalties. we may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where our past activities, or the activities of other parties, caused environmental contamination.
changes in environmental policies and regulations or regulatory decisions may result in early retirements of our generation facilities. while regulation typically provides relief for these types of changes, there is no assurance that regulators would allow full recovery of all remaining costs.
we are subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows if our regulators do not allow us to recover the cost of capital investment or o&m costs incurred to comply with the requirements.
in addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised and new laws or regulations may be adopted. we may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change and other weather, natural disaster and resource depletion impacts.
climate change can create physical and financial risk. physical risks include changes in weather conditions and extreme weather events. our customers' energy needs vary with weather. to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease. increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in generating assets, transmission and infrastructure. decreased energy use due to weather changes may result in decreased revenues.
climate change may impact the economy, which could impact our sales and revenues. the price of energy has an impact on the economic health of our communities. the cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as regulation of ghg, could impact the availability of goods and prices charged by our suppliers which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods.
to the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of ghgs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions.
we establish strategies and expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters. our ability to achieve any such strategies or expectations is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. examples of such factors include, but are not limited to, evolving legal, regulatory, and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. failures or delays (whether actual or perceived) in achieving our strategies or expectations related to climate change and other environmental matters could adversely affect our business, operations, and reputation, and increase risk of litigation.
severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, flooding, tornadoes, wildfires and snow or ice storms or extreme temperatures (high heating/cooling days) occur. extreme weather conditions in general require system backup and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, increasing the cost of energy we provide to our customers.
to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service and result in more frequent service interruptions. periods of extreme temperatures could also impact our ability to meet demand.
more frequent and severe drought conditions, extreme swings in amount and timing of precipitation, changes in vegetation, unseasonably warm temperatures, very low humidity, stronger winds and other factors have increased the duration of the wildfire season and the potential impact of an event. also, the expansion of the wildland urban interface increases the wildfire risk to surrounding communities and xcel energy's electric and natural gas infrastructure.
other potential risks associated with wildfires include the inability to secure sufficient insurance coverage, or increased costs of insurance, regulatory recovery risk, and the potential for a credit downgrade and subsequent additional costs to access capital markets.
while we carry liability insurance, given an extreme event, if xcel energy was found to be liable for wildfire damages, amounts that potentially exceed our coverage could negatively impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
drought or water depletion could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, cause early retirement of power plants and increase the cost for energy. adverse events may result in increased insurance costs and/or decreased insurance availability. we may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations non-gaap financial measures the following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with gaap, as well as certain non-gaap financial measures such as ongoing roe, ongoing earnings and ongoing diluted eps. generally, a non-gaap financial measure is a measure of a company's financial performance, financial position or cash flows that are adjusted from measures calculated and presented in accordance with gaap.
xcel energy's management uses non-gaap measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the board of directors, in determining performance-based compensation and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. non-gaap financial measures are intended to supplement investors' understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with gaap. these measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies' similarly titled non-gaap financial measures.
ongoing roe ongoing roe is calculated by dividing the net income or loss of xcel energy or each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by each entity's average stockholder's equity. we use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate and provide details of earnings results.
gaap diluted eps reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other agreements to issue common stock (i.e., common stock equivalents) were settled. the weighted average number of potentially dilutive shares outstanding used to calculate xcel energy inc.'s diluted eps is calculated using the treasury stock method. ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to gaap earnings (net income) for certain items. ongoing diluted eps is calculated by dividing the net income or loss of each subsidiary, adjusted for certain items, by the weighted average fully diluted xcel energy inc. common shares outstanding for the period. ongoing diluted eps for each subsidiary is calculated by dividing the net income or loss of such subsidiary, adjusted for certain items, by the weighted average fully diluted xcel energy inc. common shares outstanding for the period.
we use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate and provide details of xcel energy's core earnings and underlying performance. we believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of our subsidiaries. for the years ended dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no such adjustments to gaap earnings and therefore gaap earnings equal ongoing earnings.
results of operations diluted eps for xcel energy at dec. 31:
xcel energy's management believes that ongoing earnings reflects management's performance in operating xcel energy and provides a meaningful representation of the performance of xcel energy's core business. in addition, xcel energy's management uses ongoing earnings internally for financial planning and analysis, reporting results to the board of directors and when communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors.
xcel energy - gaap and ongoing earnings increased $0.21 per share for 2022. the increase was driven by regulatory outcomes, partially offset by higher depreciation, o&m expenses and interest charges. costs for natural gas significantly increased in 2022 due to market conditions. however, fluctuations in electric and natural gas revenues associated with changes in fuel and purchased power and/or natural gas sold and transported generally do not significantly impact earnings (changes in revenues are offset by the related variation in costs).
psco - earnings increased $0.11 per share for 2022, driven by regulatory outcomes and favorable weather. higher revenues were partially offset by higher depreciation, o&m expenses and interest charges.
nsp-minnesota - earnings increased $0.11 per share for 2022 compared to 2021, driven by regulatory rate outcomes, partially offset by additional depreciation and o&m expenses.
sps - earnings increased $0.05 per share for 2022, largely related to regulatory rate outcomes, strong sales growth and favorable weather, partially offset by higher depreciation and o&m expenses.
nsp-wisconsin - earnings increased $0.03 per share for 2022 compared to 2021. the increase is due to regulatory rate outcomes and sales growth, partially offset by higher depreciation and o&m expenses.
changes in diluted eps components significantly contributing to changes in eps:
components of change - 2022 vs. 2021
higher electric revenues, net of electric fuel and purchased power                                   0.89
higher natural gas revenues, net of cost of natural gas sold and transported                         0.16
(a)    includes ptcs and plant regulatory amounts, which are primarily offset as a reduction to electric revenues.
operating companies                               8.74                                   8.58
statement of income analysis the following summarizes the items that affected the individual revenue and expense items reported in the consolidated statements of income.
estimated impact of temperature changes on regulated earnings - unusually hot summers or cold winters increase electric and natural gas sales, while mild weather reduces electric and natural gas sales. the estimated impact of weather on earnings is based on the number of customers, temperature variances, the amount of natural gas or electricity historically used per degree of temperature and excludes any incremental related operating expenses that could result due to storm activity or vegetation management requirements.
as a result, weather deviations from normal levels can affect xcel energy's financial performance. however, sales true-up and decoupling mechanisms in minnesota and colorado predominately mitigate the positive and adverse impacts of weather.
degree-day or thi data is used to estimate amounts of energy required to maintain comfortable indoor temperature levels based on each day's average temperature and humidity.
hdd is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65° fahrenheit. cdd is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature rises above 65° fahrenheit.
each degree of temperature above 65° fahrenheit is counted as one cdd, and each degree of temperature below 65° fahrenheit is counted as one hdd.
in xcel energy's more humid service territories, a thi is used in place of cdd, which adds a humidity factor to cdd. hdd, cdd and thi are most likely to impact the usage of xcel energy's residential and commercial customers. industrial customers are less sensitive to weather.
normal weather conditions are defined as either the 10, 20 or 30-year average of actual historical weather conditions. the historical period of time used in the calculation of normal weather differs by jurisdiction, based on regulatory practice. to calculate the impact of weather on demand, a demand factor is applied to the weather impact on sales. extreme weather variations, windchill and cloud cover may not be reflected in weather-normalized estimates.
weather - estimated impact of temperature variations on eps compared with normal weather conditions:
firm natural gas                            0.037                 (0.025)                             0.062
sales  - sales growth (decline) for actual and weather-normalized sales:
firm natural gas sales              5.4                                    18.3                         n/a                   17.3                        10.1
firm natural gas sales                               (3.1)                         5.5                         n/a                    5.8                         0.1
weather-normalized electric sales growth (decline) - year-to-date
•psco - residential sales declined due to decreased use per customer, partially offset by a 1.1% increase in customers. c&i sales decline was attributable to decreased use per customer, primarily in the manufacturing sector (largely due to an alternative generation arrangement with a significant customer), partially offset by strong small c&i sales in the food services and health care sectors.
•nsp-minnesota - residential sales decline reflects a decreased use per customer, partially offset by a 1.1% increase in customers. growth in c&i sales was primarily due to higher use per customer, particularly in the manufacturing, real estate and leasing, and food service sectors.
•sps - residential sales growth was primarily attributable to a 0.9% increase in customers, partially offset by lower use per customer. c&i sales increased due to higher use per customer, primarily driven by the energy sector.
•nsp-wisconsin - c&i sales growth was associated with higher use per customer, experienced primarily in the transportation and manufacturing sectors.
weather-normalized natural gas sales growth (decline) - year-to-date
•natural gas sales reflect growth in nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin attributable primarily to increased residential use per customer and customer growth as well as increases in c&i sales due to higher use per customer. these increases were offset by a reduction in psco natural gas sales, primarily driven by declines in residential use per customer.
electric margin electric margin is presented as electric revenues less electric fuel and purchased power expenses. expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms.
as a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues.
electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas, coal and uranium. these price fluctuations generally have minimal impact on earnings impact due to fuel recovery mechanisms. in addition, electric customers receive a credit for ptcs generated, which reduce electric revenue and income taxes.
(millions of dollars)                     2022                    2021
change in electric margin
(millions of dollars)                                                                                2022 vs. 2021
revenue recognition for the texas rate case surcharge (a)                                                85
estimated impact of weather (net of decoupling/sales true-up)                                            33
ptcs flowed back to customers (offset by lower etr)                                                   (150)
(a)recognition of revenue from the texas rate case outcome is largely offset by recognition of previously deferred costs.
(b)sales excludes weather impact, net of decoupling in colorado and proposed sales true-up mechanism in minnesota.
natural gas margin natural gas margin is presented as natural gas revenues less the cost of natural gas sold and transported. expenses incurred for the cost of natural gas sold are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. as a result, changes in these expenses are generally offset in operating revenues.
natural gas expense varies with changing sales and the cost of natural gas. however, fluctuations in the cost of natural gas generally have minimal earnings impact due to cost recovery mechanisms.
natural gas revenues, cost of natural gas sold and transported and natural gas margin
(millions of dollars)                           2022                    2021
cost of natural gas sold and transported                   (1,910)                 (1,081)
change in natural gas margin
(millions of dollars)                                                                       2022 vs. 2021
estimated impact of weather                                                                     46
conservation revenue (offset in expenses)                                                       13
infrastructure and integrity riders                                                              9
non-fuel operating expenses and other items o&m expenses - o&m expenses increased $170 million year-to-date, due to the following approximately equal drivers: inflation and impacts of supply chain constraints; operational activities (vegetation management, repairs/maintenance and storms); costs for technology and customer programs; insurance-related costs; recognition of previously deferred amounts related to the 2021 texas rate case; and other.
depreciation and amortization - depreciation and amortization increased $292 million year-to-date. the increase was primarily driven by capital investment, recognition of previously deferred costs related to the texas electric rate case and several wind farms going into service.
other income (expense) - other income (expense) decreased $18 million year-to-date, largely related to rabbi trust performance, which is primarily offset in o&m expenses (employee benefit costs).
earnings from equity method investments - earnings from equity method investments decreased $26 million year-to-date. the year-to-date change was largely attributable to the performance of the eip funds, which invest in energy technology companies.
interest charges - interest charges increased $111 million year-to-date. the increase was largely due to higher long-term debt levels to fund capital investments and higher interest rates.
income taxes - income tax benefit increased $65 million year-to-date. the year-to-date increase was primarily driven by an increase in wind ptcs due to greater production at existing wind farms, several new wind farms going into service and an increase in the ptc rate partially offset by higher pretax earnings.
xcel energy inc. and other results net income and diluted eps contributions of xcel energy inc. and its nonregulated businesses:
contribution (millions of dollars)
a discussion of changes in xcel energy's results of operations, cash flows and liquidity and capital resources from the year ended dec. 31, 2020 to dec. 31, 2021 can be found in part ii, "item 7, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year 2021, which was filed with the sec on feb. 23, 2022. however, such discussion is not incorporated by reference into, and does not constitute a part of, this annual report on form 10-k.
public utility regulation the ferc and various state and local regulatory commissions regulate xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries and west gas interstate. xcel energy is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and natural gas distribution companies in minnesota, north dakota, south dakota, wisconsin, michigan, colorado, new mexico and texas.
rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. our utility subsidiaries request changes in utility rates through commission filings. changes in operating costs can affect xcel energy's financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and dsm efforts, and the cost of capital.
in addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the roe, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. decisions by these regulators can significantly impact xcel energy's results of operations and credit quality.
see rate matters within note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
nsp-minnesota summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto                     additional information mpuc                                      retail rates, services, security issuances, property transfers, mergers, disposition of assets, affiliate transactions, and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.reviews and approves integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs.certifies the need and siting for generating plants greater than 50 mw and transmission lines greater than 100 kv in minnesota.reviews and approves natural gas supply plans.
ndpsc                                     retail rates, services and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.reviews and approves integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs.regulatory authority over generation and transmission facilities, along with the siting and routing of new generation and transmission facilities in north dakota.pipeline safety compliance.
sdpuc                                     retail rates, services and other aspects of electric operations.regulatory authority over generation and transmission facilities, along with the siting and routing of new generation and transmission facilities in south dakota.pipeline safety compliance.
ferc                                      wholesale electric operations, hydroelectric licensing, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with nerc electric reliability standards, asset transfers and mergers, and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
miso                                      nsp-minnesota is a transmission owning member of the miso rto and operates within the miso rto and wholesale markets. nsp-minnesota makes wholesale sales in other rto markets at market-based rates. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin also make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices to customers outside of their balancing authority as jointly authorized by the ferc.
minnesota office of pipeline safety       pipeline safety compliance.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                              additional information cip rider (a)                          recovers costs of conservation and dsm programs in minnesota.
environmental improvement rider        recovers costs of environmental improvement projects in minnesota.
renewable development fund             allocates money collected from customers to support research and development of emerging renewable energy projects and technologies in minnesota.
res                                    recovers cost of renewable generation in minnesota.
renewable energy rider                 recovers cost of renewable generation in north dakota.
transmission cost recovery             recovers costs for investments in minnesota, north dakota, and south dakota for electric transmission and distribution grid modernization.
infrastructure rider                   recovers costs for investments in generation in south dakota.
fca                                    recovers prudently incurred costs of fuel related items and purchased energy (minnesota, north dakota and south dakota).
purchased gas adjustment               provides for prospective monthly rate adjustments in minnesota and north dakota for costs of purchased natural gas, transportation and storage service. includes a true-up process for difference between projected and actual costs.
guic rider                             recovers costs for transmission and distribution pipeline integrity management programs, including funding for pipeline assessments, deferred costs for sewer separation and pipeline integrity management programs in minnesota. the statute authorizing the guic rider is set to expire june 30, 2023.
sales true-up                          nsp-minnesota has historically had a sales true-up mechanism for all electric customer classes which ended in 2021. we are requesting implementation of a new sales true-up mechanism for 2022 - 2024. these mechanisms mitigate the impact of changes to sales levels as compared to a baseline.
(a)minnesota state law requires nsp-minnesota to spend 2% of its state electric revenues and 0.5% of its state natural gas revenues on cip. these costs are recovered through an annual cost-recovery mechanism.
2022 minnesota electric rate case - in october 2021, nsp-minnesota filed a three-year electric rate case with the mpuc. the request is based on a roe of 10.2%, a 52.5% equity ratio and forward test years.
in december 2021, the mpuc approved interim rates, subject to refund, of $247 million, effective jan. 1, 2022. in november 2022, nsp-minnesota revised its rate request to $498 million over three years.
recommended adjustments:
rate base and rate of return                                   (72)                  (65)                  (65)
miso capacity credits                                          (66)                 (112)                 (111)
total adjustments                                             (325)                 (319)                 (353)
total proposed revenue change                                   $71                  $227                  $324
2022 minnesota natural gas rate case - in november 2021, nsp-minnesota filed a request with the mpuc for a natural gas rate increase of $36 million, or 6.6%. the filing is based on a 2022 forecast test year and includes a requested roe of 10.5%, an equity ratio of 52.5% and a rate base of $934 million. in december 2021, the mpuc approved an interim rate increase of $25 million, subject to refund, effective jan. 1, 2022.
•base rate revenue increase of $21 million, with a true up to weather normalized actual sales for 2022.
•roe of 9.57%.
•equity ratio of 52.5%.
in december 2022, the alj recommended mpuc approval of the settlement. a mpuc decision is expected in the first half of 2023.
2021 north dakota natural gas rate case - in september 2021, nsp-minnesota filed a request with the ndpsc for a natural gas rate increase of $7 million, or 10.5%. the filing is based on a roe of 10.5%, an equity ratio of 52.54%, a 2022 forecast test year and rate base of $124 million. interim rates of $7 million, subject to refund, were implemented on nov. 1, 2021.
in may 2022, nsp-minnesota and ndpsc staff reached a settlement, which reflects a rate increase of $5 million, based on a 9.8% roe and 52.54% equity ratio. in october 2022, the ndpsc approved the settlement and final rates were implemented on nov. 1, 2022.
south dakota electric rate case - in june 2022, nsp-minnesota filed a south dakota electric rate case seeking a revenue increase of approximately $44 million. the filing is based on a 2021 historic test year adjusted for certain known and measurable changes for 2022 and 2023, a roe of 10.75%, rate base of approximately $947 million and an equity ratio of 53%. interim rates were implemented on jan. 1, 2023. final rates are expected to be approved by the sdpuc in mid-2023.
wind repowering - in january 2021, the mpuc approved nsp-minnesota's request for the repowering of 651 mw of owned wind projects. two of the four repowering projects, where construction has not yet begun (in-service dates in 2025), now expect costs in excess of the original approval. while the capital costs have increased, the passage of the ira and other changes result in a levelized cost of energy that is approximately 30% lower than the original approval.
in october 2022, nsp-minnesota filed a request with the mpuc seeking approval of the higher capital costs for these repowering projects. in february 2023, the doc filed comments recommending approval of recovery of the increased costs of these projects through the res rider. a final decision is pending.
2022 upper midwest rfp - in august 2022, nsp-minnesota launched a rfp for 900 mw of solar or solar-plus-storage hybrid resources to come online by the end of 2025, including up to 300 mw of capacity to reuse the sherco unit 2 interconnection rights when the coal facility retires at the end of 2023.
nsp-minnesota completed its bid evaluation process in december 2022 and will file for approval of the selected projects in early 2023.
2022 minnesota electric vehicle proposal - in august 2022, nsp-minnesota filed a request with the mpuc for approval of approximately $320 million of capital investments (2022 through 2026) to support a public charging network, electric school bus pilot, and other expansions and modifications to its residential and commercial electric vehicle programs.
in october 2022, the mpuc referred the matter to the office of administrative hearings to conduct a contested case on the proposals. in february 2023, other parties to the contested proceeding filed their direct testimony ranging in levels of support / opposition to the proposals. the evidentiary hearing is scheduled in q2 2023 with a report from the alj expected in q3 2023. a mpuc decision is expected in late 2023.
nuclear power operations nuclear power plant operations produce gaseous, liquid and solid radioactive wastes, which are covered by federal regulation. high-level radioactive wastes primarily include used nuclear fuel. low-level waste consists primarily of demineralizer resins, paper, protective clothing, rags, tools and equipment contaminated through use.
nrc regulation - the nrc regulates nuclear operations. costs of complying with nrc requirements can affect both operating expenses and capital investments of the plants. nsp-minnesota has obtained recovery of these compliance costs and expects to recover future compliance costs.
low-level waste disposal - low level waste from monticello and pi is disposed of at the clive facility located in utah and the waste control specialists facility in texas. nsp-minnesota has storage capacity available on-site at pi and monticello which would allow both plants to continue to operate until the end of their current licensed lives if off-site low-level waste disposal facilities become unavailable.
high-level radioactive waste disposal - the federal government has responsibility to permanently dispose of domestic spent nuclear fuel and other high-level radioactive wastes. the nuclear waste policy act requires the doe to implement a program for nuclear high-level waste management.
this includes the siting, licensing, construction and operation of a repository for spent nuclear fuel from civilian nuclear power reactors and other high-level radioactive wastes at a permanent federal storage or disposal facility. currently, there are no definitive plans for a permanent federal storage facility site.
nuclear spent fuel storage - nsp-minnesota has interim on-site storage for spent nuclear fuel at its monticello and pi nuclear generating plants. authorized storage capacity is sufficient to allow nsp-minnesota to operate until the end of the operating licenses in 2030 for monticello, 2033 for pi unit 1, and 2034 for pi unit 2.
in september 2021, nsp-minnesota filed an application for a con for additional spent fuel storage (existing independent spent fuel storage installation) at the monticello nuclear power generating plant to allow continued operation of the monticello plant until 2040.
a decision is expected in late 2023. authorizations for additional spent fuel storage capacity may be required at each site to support either continued operation or decommissioning if the federal government does not commence storage operations.
in february 2023, nsp-minnesota also filed an application with the ndpsc for an advance determination of prudence for continued operation of the monticello plant until at least 2040. a decision is expected in 2023.
wholesale and commodity marketing operations nsp-minnesota conducts wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy-related products. nsp-minnesota uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and to hedge sales and purchases.
nsp-minnesota also engages in trading activity unrelated to these hedging activities. sharing of any margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the ferc approved joint operating agreement. nsp-minnesota does not serve any wholesale requirements customers at cost-based regulated rates.
nsp-wisconsin summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto                     additional information pscw                                      retail rates, services and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.certifies the need for new generating plants and electric transmission lines before the facilities may be sited and built.the pscw has a biennial base rate filing requirement. by june of each odd numbered year, nsp-wisconsin must submit a rate filing for the test year beginning the following january.pipeline safety compliance.
michigan public service commission        retail rates, services and other aspects of electric and natural gas operations.certifies the need for new generating plants and electric transmission lines before the facilities may be sited and built.pipeline safety compliance.
ferc                                      wholesale electric operations, hydroelectric generation licensing, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with nerc electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
miso                                      nsp-wisconsin is a transmission owning member of the miso rto that operates within the miso rto and wholesale energy market. nsp-wisconsin and nsp-minnesota are jointly authorized by the ferc to make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                                    additional information annual fuel cost plan                        nsp-wisconsin does not have an automatic electric fuel adjustment clause. under wisconsin rules, utilities submit a forward-looking annual fuel cost plan to the pscw. once the pscw approves the plan, utilities defer the amount of any fuel cost under-recovery or over-recovery in excess of a 2% annual tolerance band, for future rate recovery or refund. approval of a fuel cost plan and any rate adjustment for refund or recovery of deferred costs is determined by the pscw. rate recovery of deferred fuel cost is subject to an earnings test based on the most recently authorized roe. under-collections that exceed the 2% annual tolerance band may not be recovered if the utility earnings for that year exceed the authorized roe.
power supply cost recovery factors           nsp-wisconsin's retail electric rate schedules for michigan customers include power supply cost recovery factors, based on 12-month projections. after each 12-month period, a reconciliation is submitted whereby over-recoveries are refunded and any under-recoveries are collected from customers.
wisconsin energy efficiency program          the primary energy efficiency program is funded by the utilities, but operated by independent contractors subject to oversight by the pscw and utilities. nsp-wisconsin recovers these costs from customers.
purchased gas adjustment                     a retail cost-recovery mechanism to recover the actual cost of natural gas, transportation, and storage services.
natural gas cost-recovery factor (mi)        nsp-wisconsin's natural gas rates for michigan customers include a natural gas cost-recovery factor, based on 12-month projections and trued-up to actual amounts on an annual basis.
purchased power and transmission services the nsp system expects to use power plants, power purchases, conservation and dsm options, new generation facilities and expansion of power plants to meet its system capacity requirements.
purchased power - through the interchange agreement, nsp-wisconsin receives power purchased by nsp-minnesota from other utilities and independent power producers. long-term purchased power contracts for dispatchable resources typically require a capacity charge and an energy charge. nsp-minnesota makes short-term purchases to meet system requirements, replace company owned generation, meet operating reserve obligations or obtain energy at a lower cost.
purchased transmission services - nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin have contracts with miso and other regional transmission service providers to deliver power and energy to their customers.
wholesale and commodity marketing operations nsp-wisconsin does not serve any wholesale requirements customers at cost-based regulated rates.
psco summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto         additional information on regulatory authority cpuc                          retail rates, accounts, services, issuance of securities and other aspects of electric, natural gas and steam operations.reviews and approves integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs.certifies the need and siting for generating plans greater than 50 mw.pipeline safety compliance.
ferc                          wholesale electric operations, accounting practices, hydroelectric licensing, wholesale sales for resale, transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with the nerc electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.wholesale electric sales at cost-based prices to customers inside psco's balancing authority area and at market-based prices to customers outside psco's balancing authority area.psco holds a ferc certificate that allows it to transport natural gas in interstate commerce without psco becoming subject to full ferc jurisdiction.
rto                           psco is not presently a member of an rto and does not operate within an rto energy market. however, psco does make certain sales to other rto's, including spp and participates in a joint dispatch agreement with neighboring utilities.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                                    additional information eca                                          recovers fuel and purchased energy costs. short-term sales margins are shared with customers. the eca is revised quarterly.
purchased capacity cost adjustment           recovers purchased capacity payments.
steam cost adjustment                        recovers fuel costs to operate the steam system. the steam cost adjustment rate is revised quarterly.
dsm cost adjustment                          recovers electric and gas dsm, interruptible service costs and performance initiatives for achieving energy savings goals.
res adjustment                               recovers the incremental costs of compliance with the res with a maximum of 1% of the customer's bill.
colorado energy plan adjustment              recovers the early retirement costs of comanche units 1 and 2 to a maximum of 1% of the customer's bill.
wind cost adjustment                         recovers costs for customers who choose renewable resources.
transmission cost adjustment                 recovers costs for transmission investment between rate cases.
fca                                          psco recovers fuel and purchased energy costs from wholesale electric customers through a fuel cost adjustment clause approved by the ferc. wholesale customers pay production costs through a forecasted formula rate subject to true-up.
gca                                          recovers costs of purchased natural gas and transportation and is revised quarterly to allow for changes in natural gas rates.
pipeline system integrity adjustment         recovers costs for transmission and distribution pipeline integrity management programs (rider ended on dec. 31, 2022).
transportation electrification plan          recovers costs associated with the investment in and adoption of transportation electrification infrastructure.
pending and recently concluded regulatory proceedings colorado natural gas rate case - in january 2022, psco filed a request with the cpuc seeking a net increase to retail natural gas rates of $107 million. the total change to base rates is $215 million, which reflects the transfer of $108 million previously recovered from customers through the pipeline system integrity adjustment rider. the request was based on a 10.25% roe, an equity ratio of 55.66% and a 2022 current test year with a projected rate base of $3.6 billion.
psco's request also included step revenue increases of $40 million (effective nov. 1, 2023) and $41 million (effective nov. 1, 2024) related to continued capital investment.
in october 2022, the cpuc approved a rate increase net of rider roll-ins of $64 million. the decision reflects a stated wacc of 6.7%, a historic test year with a year-end rate base and $16 million of incremental depreciation expense. psco has the option to determine its roe within a range of 9.2% to 9.5% and its equity ratio within a range of 52% to 55%, as long as it results in a wacc of 6.7%. the cpuc denied the 2023-2024 step increases. base rates were placed in effect november 1, 2022.
colorado electric rate case - in november 2022, psco filed an electric rate case seeking a net increase of $262 million, or 8.2%. the total request reflects a $312 million increase, which includes $50 million of authorized costs currently recovered through various rider mechanisms. the request is based on a 10.25% roe, an equity ratio of 55.7% and a 2023 forecast test year with a 2023 year-end rate base of $11.3 billion. psco requested rates effective in september 2023. a procedural schedule is expected to be established by the cpuc in the first quarter of 2023.
colorado resource plan - in august 2022, the cpuc approved an updated settlement, which will result in the further acceleration of the retirement of the comanche unit 3 coal plant, an expected carbon reduction of at least 85% and an 80% renewable mix by 2030. the cpuc deferred a decision on the method of cost recovery for the retiring coal units to a separate docket, which will consider accelerated depreciation, creation of regulatory assets and securitization. psco filed the recovery method docket in the fourth quarter of 2022.
•early retirement of hayden: unit 2 in 2027 (was 2036); and unit 1 in 2028 (was 2030).
•conversion of the pawnee coal plant to natural gas by no later than jan. 1, 2026.
•early retirement of comanche unit 3 by jan. 1, 2031 (was 2070) with reduced operations beginning in 2025.
•addition of ~2,400 mw of wind.
•addition of ~1,600 mw of universal-scale solar.
•addition of 400 mw of storage.
•addition of 1,300 mw of flexible, dispatchable generation.
•addition of ~1,200 mw of distributed solar resources through our renewable energy programs.
in december 2022, the company commenced the rfp process for generation resources with a bid receipt date of march 1, 2023. after reviewing the bids received, psco will file a report with the cpuc with recommended resource acquisitions and a cpuc decision on the resources to be acquired is expected in october 2023.
decoupling filing - psco has a decoupling program, effective april 1, 2020 through dec. 31, 2023. the program applies to residential and metered small c&i customers who do not pay a demand charge. the program includes a refund and surcharge cap not to exceed 3% of forecasted base rate revenue for a specified period.
in october 2021, a settlement was reached on winter storm uri costs and also addressed certain components of the 2020 decoupling refunds.
in april 2022, psco made its annual filing on this matter. in december 2022, the alj approved a settlement between psco, cpuc staff and the uca. the settlement requires psco to file a petition for declaratory judgment to address the treatment of any expired balance under the 3% soft cap provisions.
as of dec. 31, 2022, psco has recognized a refund for residential customers and a surcharge for small c&i customers based on 2020, 2021 and 2022 results.
transmission cost adjustment - in december 2022, the cpuc suspended psco's request for 2023 tca rate changes. the cpuc staff protested the tca on the grounds that only projects resulting in new transmission should be included and no repair or replacement of existing infrastructure should be included. the cpuc consolidated the matter with the pending electric rate case for assessment.
eca fuel recovery - in december 2022, psco filed its first quarter 2023 eca advice letter, which sought to recover $123 million of under-recovered 2022 fuel costs over two quarters (instead of the typical one). in december 2022, the cpuc found that the $123 million should be removed from the proposed eca rates and required psco to file a separate application to recover these fuel costs. proposed eca rates were updated to remove the 2022 under-recovered balance and were implemented on jan. 1, 2023. in february 2023, psco submitted an interim eca filing which included $70 million of the 2022 under-recovered costs. a filing for the remaining amount is anticipated in the first quarter of 2023.
gca nopr - in june 2021, the cpuc issued a nopr addressing the recovery of costs through the gca. the cpuc has reopened the gca nopr and proposed a 2-step process aimed at 1) considering near term process changes to the gca and 2) a longer term process to evaluate potential performance incentive structures. in step 1, consensus proposed rule amendments to update the process and filing requirements for gca and related filings have been submitted to the cpuc for consideration. psco worked with other utilities and stakeholders regarding consensus proposed rule amendments for step 2, including a provision that each ldc bring forward its own performance incentive mechanism in a future filing. in december 2022, the cpuc approved the consensus proposal.
in february 2023, the governor of colorado issued an open letter to the cpuc, utilities, and other stakeholders directing agencies to take additional steps to address energy costs. it is likely this request will result in the opening of additional dockets to further explore the gca and other related mechanisms. additionally, the colorado legislature announced the formation of a joint select committee to investigate the source of rising utility rates and explore potential actions to prevent future price instability.
natural gas planning nopr - in october 2021, the cpuc issued a nopr to implement recent state legislation requiring natural gas utilities to develop clean heat plans to meet state greenhouse gas emission reduction targets, as well as updated demand-side management criteria. additionally, the proposed rules included new comprehensive natural gas infrastructure planning requirements and related certificate of public convenience and necessity application procedures, changes in natural gas line extension policy, and details on emission accounting related to clean heat plans. psco recommended changes to the proposed rules, which may be incorporated into the final rules issued in the first quarter of 2023.
purchased power and transmission service providers psco expects to meet its system capacity requirements through electric generating stations, power purchases, new generation facilities, dsm options and expansion of generation plants.
purchased power - psco purchases power from other utilities and ipps. long-term purchased power contracts for dispatchable resources typically require capacity and energy charges. it also contracts to purchase power for both wind and solar resources. psco makes short-term purchases to meet system load and energy requirements, replace owned generation, meet operating reserve obligations, or obtain energy at a lower cost.
energy markets - psco plans to join the spp western energy imbalance service market in april 2023. this market is an incremental step in the participation in the organized wholesale market. energy imbalance markets allow participants to buy and sell power close to the time electricity is consumed and gives system operators real-time visibility across neighboring grids. the result improves balancing supply and demand at a lower cost.
purchased transmission services - in addition to using its own transmission system, psco has contracts with regional transmission service providers to deliver energy to its customers.
wholesale and commodity marketing operations psco conducts various wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy related products. psco uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and hedge sales and purchases. psco also engages in trading activity unrelated to these hedging activities.
sharing of any margin is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the ferc approved joint operating agreement.
sps summary of regulatory agencies / rto and areas of jurisdiction regulatory body / rto                                    additional information puct                                                     retail electric operations, rates, services, construction of transmission or generation and other aspects of sps' electric operations.the municipalities in which sps operates in texas have original jurisdiction over rates in those communities. the municipalities' rate setting decisions are subject to puct review. reviews and approves integrated resource plans for meeting future energy needs nmprc                                                    retail electric operations, retail rates and services and the construction of transmission or generation.
ferc                                                     wholesale electric operations, accounting practices, wholesale sales for resale, the transmission of electricity in interstate commerce, compliance with nerc electric reliability standards, asset transactions and mergers, and natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
spp rto and spp integrated and wholesale markets         sps is a transmission owning member of the spp rto and operates within the spp rto and spp integrated and wholesale markets. sps is authorized to make wholesale electric sales at market-based prices.
recovery mechanisms mechanism                                                   additional information distribution cost recovery factor                           recovers distribution costs not included in rates in texas.
energy efficiency cost recovery factor                      recovers costs for energy efficiency programs in texas.
fuel and purchased power cost adjustment clause             adjusts monthly to recover actual fuel and purchased power costs in new mexico.
power cost recovery factor                                  allows recovery of purchased power costs not included in texas rates.
transmission cost recovery factor                           recovers certain transmission infrastructure improvement costs and changes in wholesale transmission charges not included in texas base rates.
fixed fuel and purchased recovery factor                    provides for the over- or under-recovery of energy expenses in texas. regulations require refunding or surcharging over- or under- recovery amounts, including interest, when they exceed 4% of the utility's annual fuel and purchased energy costs on a rolling 12-month basis if this condition is expected to continue.
wholesale fuel and purchased energy cost adjustment         sps recovers fuel and purchased energy costs from its wholesale customers through a monthly wholesale fuel and purchased energy cost adjustment clause accepted by the ferc. wholesale customers also pay the jurisdictional allocation of production costs.
electric vehicle rider                                      recovers costs of the transportation electrification plan in new mexico.
advanced metering system surcharge                          recovers costs incurred in deployment of the advanced metering system in texas.
consulting fee rider                                        recovers consulting fees and carrying charges incurred by sps on behalf of the puct.
in july 2022, sps filed to surcharge the final under-recovered amount, estimated to be approximately $85 million, substantially offset by the recognition of previously deferred costs.
(millions of dollars)                     year ended dec. 31, 2022
2022 new mexico electric rate case - in november 2022, sps filed an electric rate case with nmprc seeking a revenue increase of $78 million, or 10%. the request is based on a future test year ending june 30, 2024, a roe of 10.75%, an equity ratio of 54.7% and rate base of $2.4 billion. additionally, the request reflects further acceleration of the tolk coal plant depreciation life from 2032 to 2028.
•end of rate suspension: sept. 19, 2023.
2023 texas electric rate case - on feb. 8, 2023, sps filed an electric rate case with the puct seeking an increase in base rate revenue of $149 million. the impact to overall customer bills is expected to be approximately 13%. the request is based on a historical test year period ended sept. 30, 2022, with an update period ended dec. 31, 2022, a roe of 10.65%, an equity ratio of 54.6% and retail rate base of $3.6 billion. additionally, the request reflects further acceleration of the tolk coal plant depreciation life from 2034 to 2028.
sps is requesting a surcharge from july 13, 2023 through the effective date of new base rates. a puct decision is expected in the first quarter of 2024.
sps and lp&l contract termination - sps and lp&l have a 25-year, 170 mw partial requirements contract. in may 2021, sps and lp&l finalized a settlement which would terminate the contract upon lp&l's move from the spp to the electric reliability council of texas (expected in 2023). the settlement agreement requires lp&l to pay sps $78 million (to the benefit of sps' remaining customers). lp&l would remain obligated to pay for spp transmission charges associated with lp&l's load in spp. the agreement is pending puct and ferc approval.
2022 all-source rfp - in 2022, sps issued an rfp, which seeks up to 947 mw of new or existing capacity resources to provide replacement capacity for retiring units and meet sps' growing capacity needs through 2027. sps will receive bids in the first quarter of 2023 and file for the approval of successful proposals in the second quarter of 2023.
purchased power arrangements and transmission service providers sps expects to use electric generating stations, power purchases, dsm and new generation options to meet its system capacity requirements.
purchased power - sps purchases power from other utilities and ipps. long-term purchased power contracts typically require periodic capacity and energy charges. sps also makes short-term purchases to meet system load and energy requirements to replace owned generation, meet operating reserve obligations or obtain energy at a lower cost.
purchased transmission services - sps has contractual arrangements with spp and regional transmission service providers to deliver power and energy to its native load customers.
natural gas sps does not provide retail natural gas service, but purchases and transports natural gas for its generation facilities and operates limited natural gas pipeline facilities connecting the generation facilities to interstate natural gas pipelines. sps is subject to the jurisdiction of the ferc with respect to natural gas transactions in interstate commerce and the phmsa, dot and puct for pipeline safety compliance.
wholesale and commodity marketing operations sps conducts various wholesale marketing operations, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, ancillary services and energy related products. sps uses physical and financial instruments to minimize commodity price risk and to hedge sales and purchases. sharing of any margin is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the ferc approved joint operating agreement.
other supply chain xcel energy's ability to meet customer energy requirements, respond to storm-related disruptions and execute our capital expenditure program are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. these disruptions have been further exacerbated by inflationary pressures, labor shortages and the impact of international conflicts/issues. xcel energy continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work.
electric distribution and transmission transformers the availability of certain transformers is an industry-wide issue that has been significantly impacted and in some cases may result in delays in projects and new customer connections. xcel energy continues to seek alternative suppliers and prioritize work plans to mitigate impacts of supply constraints.
solar resources in april 2022, the u.s. department of commerce initiated an anti-circumvention investigation that would subject cspv solar panels and cells imported from malaysia, vietnam, thailand, and cambodia with potential incremental tariffs ranging from 50% to 250%. these countries account for more than 80% of cspv panel imports.
an interim stay on tariffs has been issued and many significant solar projects have resumed with modified costs and projected in-service dates, including the sherco solar facility in minnesota and certain ppas in psco. further policy action or other restrictions on solar imports (i.e., as a result of implementation of the uyghur forced labor protection act) could impact project timelines and costs.
marshall wildfire in december 2021, a wildfire ignited in boulder county, colorado (the "marshall fire"), which burned over 6,000 acres and destroyed or damaged over 1,000 structures. boulder county authorities are currently investigating the fire and have not yet determined a cause. there were no downed power lines in the ignition area, and nothing the company has seen to this point indicates that our equipment or operations caused the fire.
in colorado, the standard of review governing liability differs from the "inverse condemnation" or strict liability standard utilized in california. in colorado, courts look to whether electric power companies have operated their system with a heightened duty of care consistent with the practical conduct of its business, and liability does not extend to occurrences that cannot be reasonably anticipated. in addition, psco has been operating under a commission approved wildfire mitigation plan and carries wildfire liability insurance.
in march 2022, a class action suit was filed in boulder county pertaining to the marshall fire. in the remote event psco was found liable related to this litigation and were required to pay damages, such amounts could exceed our insurance coverage and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. in december 2022, the district court judge denied psco's motion to dismiss.
miso capacity credits the nsp system offered 1,500 mw of excess capacity into the miso planning resource auction for june 2022 through may 2023. due to a projected overall capacity shortfall in the miso region, the 1,500 mws offered cleared the auction at maximum pricing, generating revenues of approximately $90 million in 2022, with approximately $60 million expected in 2023. these amounts will primarily be used to mitigate customer rate increases or returned through earnings sharing or other mechanisms.
key provisions impacting xcel energy include:
•restores full value of the ptc and itc for qualifying facilities placed in-service after 2021.
xcel energy anticipates the ira will materially reduce the cost of renewable energy, resulting in significant customer savings.
the ira is expected to allow xcel energy to monetize tax credits more efficiently with the incremental benefits passed through to customers. transferability provisions apply to eligible tax credits generated starting in 2023 for both new and existing facilities. xcel energy anticipates tax credit transferability from existing renewable projects will improve cash from operations by $1.8 billion (2023 - 2027), assuming constructive regulatory outcomes and the development of a market.
the ira creates a nuclear ptc beginning in 2024 that may also provide additional customer savings. the annual customer benefit from these ptcs could range from $0 to $300 million, depending on locational marginal pricing, as well as constructive u.s. treasury guidance regarding computation of the credits.
in addition, the ira created a new corporate amt. xcel energy does not anticipate amt having a material cash impact based on current estimates and our interpretation of its application.
winter storm uri in february 2021, the united states experienced winter storm uri. extreme cold temperatures impacted certain operational assets as well as the availability of renewable generation. the cold weather also affected the country's supply and demand for natural gas.
these factors contributed to extremely high market prices for natural gas and electricity. as a result of the extremely high market prices, xcel energy incurred net natural gas, fuel and purchased energy costs of approximately $1 billion (largely deferred as regulatory assets).
xcel energy has received recovery approval from all of our impacted states except for texas, which is pending. a summary of pending and recently approved regulatory requests for winter storm uri cost recovery is listed below.
utility subsidiary         jurisdiction         regulatory status nsp-minnesota              minnesota            in 2021, the mpuc allowed recovery of $179 million of costs (with no financing charge) starting in september 2021, pending a prudency review. the c&amp;i class ($82 million) will be recovered over 27 months and the residential class ($97 million) will be recovered over a 63-month recovery period.
in august 2022, the mpuc approved recovery of uri storm costs with a $19 million disallowance.
in july 2022, the cpuc approved a partial settlement providing full recovery of fuel costs, with the exception of an $8 million disallowance, over 24 months for electric and 30 months for natural gas customers.
sps                        texas                in 2021, sps filed to recover $88 million of winter storm uri costs over 24 months, as part of the texas fuel surcharge filing, with total under-recovered costs of $121 million. in april 2022, interim rates designed to recover $121 million over 30 months were approved, subject to puct approval through the triennial fuel reconciliation proceeding.
in july 2022, the intervenors filed recommendations. the texas industrial energy consumers and puct staff recommended disallowances of approximately $10 million (off-system sales margins). the office of public utility counsel recommended disallowances of approximately $15 million (off-system sales margins and adjustment to energy loss factors). the alliance of xcel municipalities recommended disallowances of approximately $100 million (natural gas storage, contracted capability and off-system sales margins).
in november 2022, the aljs found that costs were prudently incurred and recommended no disallowances. a final puct decision is anticipated in the first quarter of 2023.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the application of accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges and anticipated recovery of costs. these judgments could materially impact the consolidated financial statements, based on varying assumptions. in addition, the financial and operating environment also may have a significant effect on the operation of the business and results reported.
accounting policies and estimates that are most significant to xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, and require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments are outlined below. each of these has a higher likelihood of resulting in materially different reported amounts under different conditions or using different assumptions. each critical accounting policy has been reviewed and discussed with the audit committee of xcel energy inc.'s board of directors on a quarterly basis.
regulatory accounting xcel energy is subject to the accounting for regulated operations, which provides that rate-regulated entities report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates, if it is probable that such rates will be charged and collected. our rates are derived through the ratemaking process, which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows.
regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because future recovery from customers is probable. regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. in other businesses or industries, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities would generally be charged to net income or other comprehensive income.
each reporting period we assess the probability of future recoveries and obligations associated with regulatory assets and liabilities. factors such as the current regulatory environment, recently issued rate orders and historical precedents are considered. decisions made by regulatory agencies can directly impact the amount and timing of cost recovery as well as the rate of return on invested capital, and may materially impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
as of dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, xcel energy had regulatory assets of $3.9 billion and $3.8 billion, respectively and regulatory liabilities of $6.0 billion and $5.7 billion, respectively. each subsidiary is subject to regulation that varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. if future recovery of costs in any such jurisdiction is no longer probable, xcel energy would be required to charge these assets to current net income or other comprehensive income.
at dec. 31, 2022, in assessing the probability of recovery of recognized regulatory assets, unless otherwise disclosed, xcel energy noted no current or anticipated proposals or changes in the regulatory environment that it expects will materially impact the recovery of the assets.
see notes 4 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
income tax accruals judgment, uncertainty and estimates are a significant aspect of the income tax accrual process that accounts for the effects of current and deferred income taxes. uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations and outcomes of tax audits and appeals require that judgment and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of the etr.
changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our future etr. etr calculations are revised every quarter based on best available year-end tax assumptions, adjusted in the following year after returns are filed. tax accrual estimates are trued-up to the actual amounts claimed on the tax returns and further adjusted after examinations by taxing authorities, as needed.
in accordance with the interim period reporting guidance, income tax expense for the first three quarters in a year is based on the forecasted annual etr. the forecasted etr reflects a number of estimates, including forecasted annual income, permanent tax adjustments and tax credits.
valuation allowances are applied to deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that at least a portion may not be realized based on an evaluation of expected future taxable income. accounting for income taxes also requires that only tax benefits that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold can be recognized or continue to be recognized.
we may adjust our unrecognized tax benefits and interest accruals as disputes with the irs and state tax authorities are resolved, and as new developments occur. these adjustments may increase or decrease earnings.
see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
employee benefits we sponsor several noncontributory, defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans that cover almost all employees and certain retirees. projected benefit costs are based on historical information and actuarial calculations that include key assumptions (annual return level on pension and postretirement health care investment assets, discount rates, mortality rates and health care cost trend rates, etc.). in addition, the pension cost calculation uses a methodology to reduce the volatility of investment performance over time. pension assumptions are continually reviewed.
at dec. 31, 2022, xcel energy set the rate of return on assets used to measure pension costs at 6.93%, which is 44 basis points higher than the rate set in 2021. the rate of return used to measure postretirement health care costs is 5.00% at dec. 31, 2022, which is 90 basis points higher than the rate set in 2021. xcel energy's pension investment strategy is based on plan-specific investments that seek to minimize investment and interest rate risk as a plan's funded status increases over time. this strategy results in a greater percentage of interest rate sensitive securities being allocated to plans with higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having lower funded status ratios.
xcel energy set the discount rates used to value the pension obligations and postretirement health care obligations at 5.80% at dec. 31, 2022. this represents a 272 basis point and 271 basis point increase, respectively, from 2021. xcel energy uses a bond matching study as its primary basis for determining the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement health care obligations. the bond matching study utilizes a portfolio of high grade (aa or higher) bonds that matches the expected cash flows of xcel energy's benefit plans in amount and duration.
the effective yield on this cash flow matched bond portfolio determines the discount rate for the individual plans. the bond matching study is validated for reasonableness against the bank of america us corporate 15+ bond index. in addition, xcel energy reviews general actuarial survey data to assess the reasonableness of the discount rate selected.
if xcel energy were to use alternative assumptions, a 1% change would result in the following impact on 2022 pension costs:
(millions of dollars)         +1%                             -1%
rate of return (a)            $(11)                       $26
(a)these costs include the effects of regulation.
mortality rates are developed from actual and projected plan experience for pension plan and postretirement benefits. xcel energy's actuary conducts an experience study periodically to determine an estimate of mortality. xcel energy considers standard mortality tables, improvement factors and the plans actual experience when selecting a best estimate.
as of dec. 31, 2022, the initial medical trend cost claim assumptions for pre-65 was 6.5% and post-65 was 5.5%. the ultimate trend assumption remained at 4.5% for both pre-65 and post-65 claims costs. xcel energy bases its medical trend assumption on the long-term cost inflation expected in the health care market, considering the levels projected and recommended by industry experts, as well as recent actual medical cost experienced by xcel energy's retiree medical plan.
funding contributions in 2022 were $50 million and will remain relatively consistent in future years. investment returns were less than the assumed levels in 2022, but exceeded the assumed levels in 2021 and 2020.
the pension cost calculation uses a market-related valuation of pension assets. xcel energy uses a calculated value method to determine the market-related value of the plan assets. the market-related value is determined by adjusting the fair market value of assets at the beginning of the year to reflect the investment gains and losses (the difference between the actual investment return and the expected investment return on the market-related value) during each of the previous five years at the rate of 20% per year.
as differences between actual and expected investment returns are incorporated into the market-related value, amounts are recognized in pension cost over the expected average remaining years of service for active employees (approximately 13 years in 2022).
xcel energy currently projects the pension costs recognized for financial reporting purposes will be $66 million in 2023 and $58 million in 2024, while the actual pension costs were $114 million in 2022 and $121 million in 2021. the expected decrease in 2023 is primarily due to the reductions in loss amortizations.
pension funding contributions across all four of xcel energy's pension plans, both voluntary and required, for 2020 - 2023:
future amounts may change based on actual market performance, changes in interest rates and any changes in governmental regulations. therefore, additional contributions could be required in the future. xcel energy contributed $13 million, $15 million and $11 million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, to the postretirement health care plans. xcel energy expects to contribute approximately $12 million during 2023. xcel energy recovers employee benefits costs in its utility operations consistent with accounting guidance with the exception of the areas noted below.
•in 2021, the pscw approved nsp-wisconsin's request for deferred accounting treatment of the 2021 pension settlement accounting expense. escrow accounting treatment was also approved for ongoing pension and other post-employment benefit expenses, including settlement charges.
•regulatory commissions in colorado, texas, new mexico and ferc jurisdictions allow the recovery of other postretirement benefit costs only to the extent that recognized expense is matched by cash contributions to an irrevocable trust. xcel energy has consistently funded at a level to allow full recovery of costs in these jurisdictions.
•psco is required to create a regulatory liability that adjusts the annual post-retirement benefits amount to zero in order to match the amount collected in rates.
•psco and sps recognize pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions based on gaap. the texas and colorado electric retail jurisdictions and the colorado gas retail jurisdiction, each record the difference between annual recognized pension expense and the annual amount of pension expense approved in their last respective general rate case as a deferral to a regulatory asset.
see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
nuclear decommissioning xcel energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, xcel energy estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. when xcel energy revises any assumptions, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and related long-lived asset. aro liabilities are accreted to reflect the passage of time using the interest method.
a significant portion of xcel energy's aros relates to the future decommissioning of nsp-minnesota's nuclear facilities. the nuclear decommissioning obligation is funded by the external decommissioning trust fund. difference between regulatory funding (including depreciation expense less returns from the external trust fund) and expense recognized is deferred as a regulatory asset. the amounts recorded for aros related to future nuclear decommissioning were $2.2 billion in 2022 and $2.1 billion in 2021.
nsp-minnesota obtains periodic independent cost studies to estimate the cost and timing of planned nuclear decommissioning activities. estimates of future cash flows are highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. nsp-minnesota is required to file a nuclear decommissioning filing every three years. the filing covers all expenses for the decommissioning of the nuclear plants, including decontamination and removal of radioactive material.
timing - decommissioning cost estimates are impacted by each facility's retirement date and timing of the actual decommissioning activities. estimated retirement dates coincide with the approved retirement dates which can be different than the expiration dates of each unit's operating license with the nrc (i.e., 2030 for monticello and 2033 and 2034 for pi's unit 1 and 2, respectively).
in april 2022, the company received approval from the mpuc, in the integrated resource plan, to pursue extending the operating life of the monticello nuclear generating plant by ten years from 2030 to 2040. this life extension is subject to nrc approval of monticello's nuclear license extension request.
the retirement dates of the prairie island unit 1 and unit 2 remain unchanged, 2033 and 2034 respectively. the estimated timing of the decommissioning activities is based upon the decon method, which assumes prompt removal and dismantlement. decommissioning activities are expected to begin at the commission approved retirement date and be completed for both facilities by 2101.
technology and regulation - there is limited experience with actual decommissioning of large nuclear facilities. changes in technology, experience and regulations could cause cost estimates to change significantly.
escalation rates - escalation rates represent projected cost increases due to general inflation and increases in the cost of decommissioning activities. nsp-minnesota used an escalation rate of 3.2% in calculating the aro for nuclear decommissioning of its nuclear facilities, based on weighted averages of labor and non-labor escalation factors calculated by goldman sachs asset management.
discount rates - changes in timing or estimated cash flows that result in upward revisions to the aro are calculated using the then-current credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect when the change occurs is used to discount the revised estimate of the incremental expected cash flows of the retirement activity.
if the change in timing or estimated expected cash flows results in a downward revision of the aro, the undiscounted revised estimate of expected cash flows is discounted using the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the date of initial measurement and recognition of the original aro. discount rates ranging from approximately 3% to 7% have been used to calculate the net present value of the expected future cash flows over time.
significant uncertainties exist in estimating future costs including the method to be utilized, ultimate costs to decommission and planned method of disposing spent fuel. if different cost estimates, life assumptions or cost escalation rates were utilized, the aros could change materially.
however, changes in estimates have minimal impact on results of operations as nsp-minnesota expects to continue to recover all costs in future rates.
nsp-minnesota continually makes judgments and estimates related to these critical accounting policy areas, based on an evaluation of the assumptions and uncertainties for each area. the information and assumptions of these judgments and estimates will be affected by events beyond the control of xcel energy, or otherwise change over time.
this may require adjustments to recorded results to better reflect updated information that becomes available. the accompanying financial statements reflect management's best estimates and judgments of the impact of these factors as of dec. 31, 2022.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
derivatives, risk management and market risk we are exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value for a particular instrument or commodity. all financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk.
xcel energy is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. in addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. while we expect that the counterparties will perform on the contracts underlying our derivatives, the contracts expose us to credit and non-performance risk.
distress in the financial markets may impact counterparty risk and the fair value of the securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and pension fund.
commodity price risk - we are exposed to commodity price risk in our electric and natural gas operations. commodity price risk is managed by entering into long and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and fuels used in generation and distribution activities.
commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. our risk management policy allows us to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation per commission approved hedge plans.
wholesale and commodity trading risk - xcel energy conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. our risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by our risk management committee.
fair value of net commodity trading contracts as of dec. 31, 2022:
futures / forwards maturity
(millions of dollars)                        less than                  1 to 3 years                  4 to 5 years            greater than                  total
(millions of dollars)                  less than                        1 to 3 years            4 to 5 years                  greater than                       total fair value
changes in the fair value of commodity trading contracts before the impacts of margin-sharing for the years ended dec. 31:
(millions of dollars)                                                                     2022                  2021
fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at jan. 1                   $(33)                 $(54)
commodity trading contract additions and changes during the period                       38                    75
fair value of commodity trading net contracts outstanding at dec. 31                  $(10)                 $(33)
a 10% increase and 10% decrease in forward market prices for xcel energy's commodity trading contracts would have likewise increased and decreased pretax income from continuing operations, by approximately $8 million at dec. 31, 2022 and $13 million at dec. 31, 2021. market price movements can exceed 10% under abnormal circumstances.
the utility subsidiaries' commodity trading operations measure the outstanding risk exposure to price changes on contracts and obligations using an industry standard methodology known as var. var expresses the potential change in fair value of the outstanding contracts and obligations over a particular period of time under normal market conditions.
(millions of dollars)         year ended dec. 31        average        high   low
a short-term increase in var occurred during the week of feb. 12, 2021 through feb. 18, 2021. on feb. 17, 2021, the portfolio var reached a high of $52 million. this increase in var was driven by the unprecedented market conditions during winter storm uri. prior to this weather event, var was $1 million and returned to $1 million by feb. 19, 2021.
nuclear fuel supply - nsp-minnesota has contracted for its 2023 and 2024 enriched nuclear material requirements, which are in various stages of processing in canada, europe, and the united states. nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 26% of its average enriched nuclear material requirements from russia through 2030. we are closely monitoring the evolving situation in ukraine and its global impacts. nsp-minnesota is in the process of entering into new contracts to reduce the risk of supply interruptions of nuclear material from russia. nsp-minnesota will take additional further action to reduce this risk as necessary.
interest rate risk - xcel energy is subject to interest rate risk. our risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives.
a 100 basis point change in the benchmark rate on xcel energy's variable rate debt would impact pretax interest expense annually by approximately $8 million and $11 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
nsp-minnesota maintains a nuclear decommissioning fund, as required by the nrc. the nuclear decommissioning fund is subject to interest rate and equity price risk. the fund is invested in a diversified portfolio of debt securities, equity securities and other investments. these investments may be used only for the purpose of decommissioning nsp-minnesota's nuclear generating plants.
fluctuations in equity prices or interest rates affecting the nuclear decommissioning fund do not have a direct impact on earnings due to the application of regulatory accounting. realized and unrealized gains on the decommissioning fund investments are deferred as an offset of nsp-minnesota's regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning costs.
the value of pension and postretirement plan assets and benefit costs are impacted by changes in discount rates and expected return on plan assets. xcel energy's ongoing pension and postretirement investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to optimize potential investment risk and minimize interest rate risk associated with changes in the obligations as a plan's funded status increases over time. the impacts of fluctuations in interest rates on pension and postretirement costs are mitigated by pension cost calculation methodologies and regulatory mechanisms that minimize the earnings impacts of such changes.
credit risk - xcel energy is also exposed to credit risk. credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties' nonperformance on their contractual obligations. xcel energy maintains credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitors these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations.
at dec. 31, 2022, a 10% increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $56 million, while a decrease in prices of 10% would have resulted in a decrease in credit exposure of $47 million. at dec. 31, 2021, a 10% increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $36 million, while a decrease in prices of 10% would have resulted in an decrease in credit exposure of $26 million.
xcel energy conducts credit reviews for all wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity counterparties and employs credit risk controls, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, master netting agreements and termination provisions.
credit exposure is monitored, and when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. distress in the financial markets could increase our credit risk.
fair value measurements derivative contracts, with the exception of those designated as normal purchases and normal sales, are reported at fair value. xcel energy's investments held in the nuclear decommissioning fund, rabbi trusts, pension and other postretirement funds are also subject to fair value accounting. see notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows operating cash flows
(millions of dollars)                                                            twelve months ended dec. 31
cash provided by operating activities - 2021                                              $2,189
components of change - 2022 vs. 2021
changes in working capital                                                                 (300)
changes in net regulatory and other assets and liabilities                                 1,647
cash provided by operating activities - 2022                                              $3,932
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $1,743 million for 2022 as compared to 2021. the increase was primarily due to the deferral of net natural gas, fuel and purchased energy costs incurred during winter storm uri in the first quarter of 2021.
(millions of dollars)                                    twelve months ended dec. 31
components of change - 2022 vs. 2021
increased capital expenditures                           (394)
net cash used in investing activities increased by $366 million for 2022 as compared to 2021. the increase in capital expenditures was largely due to continued system expansion.
(millions of dollars)                                    twelve months ended dec. 31
components of change - 2022 vs. 2021
higher repayments of long-term debt                                (184)
lower proceeds from issuance of common stock                        (44)
net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $1,469 million for 2022 as compared to 2021. the decrease was primarily related to the amount/timing of debt issuances and repayments associated with winter storm uri.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
capital requirements xcel energy has contractual obligations and other commitments that will need to be funded in the future. xcel energy expects to have adequate amounts of cash from operating and financing activities to meet both its short-term and long-term cash requirements. xcel energy's financing requirements are dependent on both existing contractual obligations and other commitments, as well as projected capital forecasts. xcel energy expects to meet future financing requirements by periodically issuing short-term debt, long-term debt, common stock, hybrid and other securities to maintain desired capitalization ratios. projected future financing requirements can be impacted by various factors including constraints to supply chain and labor, as well as inflation.
recovery of the effects of inflation through higher customer rates is dependent upon receiving adequate and timely rate increases. rate increases may not be retroactive and often lag increases in costs caused by inflation. on occasion, xcel energy may enter into rate settlement agreements, which require us to wait for a period of time to file the next base rate increase request. these agreements may result in regulatory lag whereby the impact of inflation may not yet be reflected in rates, or a delay may occur between capital project completion and the start of rate recovery. xcel energy attempts to mitigate the potential impact of inflation through the use of fuel, energy and other cost adjustment clauses and bill riders, by employing prudent risk management and hedging strategies and by considering, among other areas, its impact on purchases of energy, operating expenses, materials and equipment costs, contract negotiations, future capital spending programs and long-term debt issuances.
material cash requirements and other commitments payments due by period (as of dec. 31, 2022)
(millions of dollars)                                                           total                    less than 1 year                     1 to 3 years                     3 to 5 years                    after 5 years long-term debt, principal and interest payments                           $39,750                          $2,059                            $3,492                           $2,714                          $31,485
operating leases obligations (a)                                            1,457                             264                               506                              287                              400
(a)included in operating lease obligations are $231 million, $455 million, $251 million and $326 million, for the less than 1 year, 1 - 3 years, 3 - 5 years and after 5 years categories, respectively, pertaining to ppas that were accounted for as operating leases.
(b)xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries have contracts providing for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its fuel (nuclear, natural gas and coal) requirements. additionally, the utility subsidiaries of xcel energy inc. have entered into non-lease purchase power agreements. certain contractual purchase obligations are adjusted on indices. effects of price changes are mitigated through cost of energy adjustment mechanisms.
(c)primarily consists of contracts for information technology services.
capital expenditures - base capital expenditures and incremental capital forecasts:
actual                                                                                                                                  base capital forecast (millions of dollars)
total base capital expenditures                    $4,890                    $5,400                      $6,200                      $6,270                      $5,410                      $6,220                         $29,500
actual                                                                                                                                  base capital forecast (millions of dollars)
electric generation                                   720                       710                         910                         900                         560                         650                           3,730
total base capital expenditures                    $4,890                    $5,400                      $6,200                      $6,270                      $5,410                      $6,220                         $29,500
the base five-year capital forecast includes transmission expansion through the proposed colorado pathway (approximately $1.7 billion) and miso tranche 1 (approximately $1.2 billion) as well as the proposed 460 mw sherco solar generating unit 1 and 2 (approximately $600 million).
the base capital investment plan does not include any potential renewable generation assets approved in our minnesota and colorado resource plans or additional transmission capital needed to integrate new renewable generation additions in colorado, beyond the pathway project.
we expect further clarification in the second half of 2023 after the commissions rule on the recommended resource plan portfolios, which could result in incremental capital expenditures of approximately $2 to $4 billion (assuming 50% ownership of the renewable projects). furthermore, the base capital investment plan does not include any potential generation assets associated with our 2022 sps request for proposal, which seeks up to 947 mw of new or existing capacity resources.
xcel energy's capital expenditure forecast is subject to continuing review and modification. actual capital expenditures may vary from estimates due to changes in electric and natural gas projected load growth, safety and reliability needs, regulatory decisions, legislative initiatives (e.g., federal clean energy and tax policy), reserve requirements, availability of purchased power, alternative plans for meeting long-term energy needs, environmental initiatives and regulation, and merger, acquisition and divestiture opportunities.
financing for capital expenditures through 2027 - xcel energy issues debt and equity securities to refinance retiring maturities, reduce short-term debt, fund capital programs, infuse equity in subsidiaries, fund asset acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes.
current estimated financing plans of xcel energy for 2023 through 2027:
(millions of dollars)
funding capital expenditures cash from operations (a)                                      $20,540
equity through the drip and benefit program                       425
base capital expenditures 2023 - 2027                         $29,500
(a)net of dividends and pension funding.
(b)reflects a combination of short and long-term debt; net of refinancing.
off-balance sheet arrangements xcel energy does not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements, other than those currently disclosed, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
common stock dividends - future dividend levels will be dependent on xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reinvestment opportunities and other factors, and will be evaluated by the xcel energy inc. board of directors. in february 2023, xcel energy announced an increase in the annual dividend of 13 cents per share, which represents an increase of 6.7%.
•projected cash generation.
•projected capital investment.
•a reasonable rate of return on shareholder investment.
•the impact on xcel energy's capital structure and credit ratings.
in addition, there are certain statutory limitations that could affect dividend levels. federal law places limits on the ability of public utilities within a holding company to declare dividends. under the federal power act, a public utility may not pay dividends from any funds properly included in a capital account. the utility subsidiaries' dividends may be limited directly or indirectly by state regulatory commissions or bond indenture covenants.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
pension fund - xcel energy's pension assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of domestic and international equity securities, short-term to long-duration fixed income securities and alternative investments, including private equity, real estate and hedge funds.
(millions of dollars)                  dec. 31, 2022        dec. 31, 2021
fair value of pension assets           $2,685               $3,670
(a)excludes non-qualified plan of $11 million and $43 million at dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
expected long-term rate of return                 6.93               6.49
capital sources short-term funding sources - xcel energy generally funds short-term needs, through operating cash flows, notes payable, commercial paper and bank lines of credit. the amount and timing of short-term funding needs depend on construction expenditures, working capital and dividend payments.
short-term debt - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps each have individual commercial paper programs. authorized levels for these commercial paper programs are:
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
credit facility agreements - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, psco and sps each have the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility for two additional one-year periods. nsp-wisconsin has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility for an additional year. all extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval.
as of feb. 22, 2023, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries had the following committed credit facilities available to meet liquidity needs:
(millions of dollars)                        facility (a)                  drawn (b)                  available                 cash                  liquidity xcel energy inc.                            $1,500                        $328                     $1,172                     $6                   $1,178
(b)includes outstanding commercial paper and letters of credit.
registration statements - xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of one billion shares of $2.50 par value common stock. as of dec. 31, 2022 and 2021, xcel energy had approximately 550 million shares and 544 million shares of common stock outstanding, respectively.
xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries have registration statements on file with the sec pursuant to which they may sell securities from time to time. these registration statements, which are uncapped, permit xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries to issue debt and other securities in the future at amounts, prices and with terms to be determined at the time of future offerings, and in the case of our utility subsidiaries, subject to commission approval.
(millions of dollars)         security                                     amount         anticipated timing xcel energy inc.              senior unsecured bonds                    $500                   third quarter psco                          first mortgage bonds                            700             second quarter sps                           first mortgage bonds                            100              third quarter nsp-minnesota                 first mortgage bonds                            750             second quarter nsp-wisconsin                 first mortgage bonds                            125             second quarter long-term borrowings, equity issuances and other financing instruments - xcel energy also plans to issue approximately $85 million of equity annually through the drip and benefit programs during the five-year forecast time period.
see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
earnings guidance and long-term eps and dividend growth rate objectives xcel energy 2023 earnings guidance - xcel energy's 2023 gaap and ongoing earnings guidance is a range of $3.30 to $3.40 per share.(a)
key assumptions as compared with 2022 levels unless noted:
•weather-normalized retail firm natural gas sales are projected to increase ~1%.
•capital rider revenue is projected to increase $90 million to $100 million (net of ptcs).
•interest expense (net of afudc - debt) is projected to increase $100 million to $110 million.
(a)ongoing earnings is calculated using net income and adjusting for certain nonrecurring or infrequent items that are, in management's view, not reflective of ongoing operations. ongoing earnings could differ from those prepared in accordance with gaap for unplanned and/or unknown adjustments. xcel energy is unable to forecast if any of these items will occur or provide a quantitative reconciliation of the guidance for ongoing eps to corresponding gaap eps.
long-term eps and dividend growth rate objectives - xcel energy expects to deliver an attractive total return to our shareholders through a combination of earnings growth and dividend yield, based on the following long-term objectives:
• deliver long-term annual eps growth of 5% to 7% based off of a 2022 base of $3.15 per share, which represents the mid-point of the original 2022 guidance range of $3.10 to $3.20 per share.
•    deliver annual dividend increases of 5% to 7%.
• target a dividend payout ratio of 60% to 70%.