We monitor global macroeconomic conditions on an ongoing basis and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and better alignment of expenses with revenues. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years. We expect this action will result in estimated annual cost savings once fully implemented. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. We have hundreds of R&D projects underway, none of which we believe are material on an individual basis. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily due to changes in working capital and higher net income adjusted for non-cash items. Our inventory levels are impacted by our need to support forecasted sales demand and variations between those forecasts and actual demand. We continually monitor the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer and diversify our investments in order to minimize our credit risk. The financing is supported by fully underwritten bridge financing commitments and is expected to consist of term loans and bonds. We expect to finance the proposed acquisition using both short- and long-term indebtedness totaling approximately $11.6 billion. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. The sales increase in China in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily the result of an increase in demand in the industrial, communications and automotive end markets. The sales decrease in Japan in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily a result of a decrease in demand for our products in the industrial end market. The sales decrease in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 in the United States was primarily the result of a decrease in demand in the consumer end markets. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products. The increase in operating income in fiscal 2016 as compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily the result of a decrease in other operating expense, partially offset by a decrease in gross margin percentage. We have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years, and we expect that annual cost savings resulting from these actions will be used to make additional investments in products that we expect will drive revenue growth in the future. We assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and better alignment of expenses with revenues. We expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future to maintain product leadership and provide innovative new product offerings. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2016 was primarily due to changes in working capital and higher net income adjusted for non-cash items. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, research and development efforts, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months.