We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between insurers and our customers, and we do not assume net underwriting risks. We expect to use additional earnings from our clean energy investments to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and we have historically depended on our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations to meet a substantial portion of our cash requirements. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. Our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2017 through at least 2021. In addition, we have a secured revolving loan facility that provides funding for our premium financing activities. We believe that we have sufficient capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs. Our workforce at the end of the period includes employees associated with the acquisitions that we completed, which enhances our operational flexibility and capacity to adapt to changing market conditions. We have established a policy for funding our defined benefit pension plan to contribute amounts at least sufficient to meet the minimum funding requirements under the IRC. We are aware that some of the coal-fired power plants that purchase refined coal are considering changing to burning natural gas rather than coal, or shutting down completely for economic reasons. The entities that own such plants are prepared to move the refined coal plants to another coal-fired power plant if necessary. We may also experience lost earnings due to the negative effect of an extended IRS investigation on our clients' and potential clients' businesses. Our corporate segment reports financial information related to our clean energy and other investments, our debt, and certain corporate and acquisition-related activities. We believe that the production and sale of refined coal at our plants are qualified to receive refined coal tax credits under IRC section 45. We anticipate that the net cash flow impact of these investments will be positive overall. Our strategic initiatives include expanding our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth, which is expected to enhance our competitive advantage and resilience in the face of external pressures. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. We have entered into an equity distribution agreement, allowing us to offer and sell our common stock, which provides additional liquidity for our operations. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting our strategies to ensure organizational resilience in a dynamic market environment.