Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing, and delivering innovative human therapeutics. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. We believe that our next-generation biomanufacturing will reduce the scale and cost of making biologics while retaining a reliable, high-quality, compliant supply of medicines. Our transformation has established a foundation for longer-term growth, and we are approaching the development of promising new medicines with greater understanding, speed, and confidence. We have focused our business and operating model through significant transformation and process improvement efforts, which are crucial for maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to external pressures. We have realized approximately $1.2 billion of transformation and process improvement savings, although net savings were not significant in 2016 as savings were reinvested in product launches, clinical programs, and external business development. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We must develop new products over time to provide for revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched. We are well positioned for the challenges and opportunities in the coming year, and our transformation will continue to be an important part of our strategy and execution. We are focused on executing our strategy and delivering results, which includes investing in external early-stage innovation to augment our internal research efforts. Our strategy is to develop innovative medicines in six focused therapeutic areas that meet important unmet medical needs in addressing serious illness. We have a presence in approximately 100 countries worldwide, focusing on oncology/hematology, cardiovascular disease, inflammation, bone health, nephrology, and neuroscience. We continue to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate our products. Our financial performance was strong, with total revenues increasing 6%, net income increasing 11%, and diluted EPS increasing by 13%, driven by higher total revenues and continued improvement in operating leverage enabled by transformation initiatives. We believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations, and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditure, and debt service requirements. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. Our operations are subject to various risks, including rising healthcare costs and economic conditions, which continue to pose challenges to our business. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after product launch, which requires us to maintain a proactive approach to risk management and operational continuity.