The organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical to its resilience. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to various service providers, which generates recurring revenue that is expected to continue in future periods. We believe that our diversified communications site portfolio and established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is influenced by the growth of wireless services and the financial performance of our tenants, which is affected by general economic conditions. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. The revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases, but historically, such cancellations have not had a material adverse effect on our revenues. Our tenant leases typically have provisions that periodically increase the rent, which contributes to revenue growth. We anticipate that our tenant lease rates will vary considerably depending on numerous factors, including the amount and type of tenant equipment on the tower and existing zoning and permitting regulations. The deployment of advanced wireless technology across existing networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution, which we expect will drive demand for our tower space as carriers seek to expand their networks. Our operations in emerging markets position us to participate in the deployment of initial voice and data networks, which is expected to drive demand for our tower space. We have established operations in many of these markets, enabling us to leverage our extensive international portfolio of communications sites to drive sustainable, long-term growth. Our master lease agreements with certain tenants provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. The growth in operating profit for our property segments is primarily attributable to an increase in segment gross margin, which reflects our ability to adapt and respond to changing market conditions. Our financial flexibility and ability to grow our business while maintaining long-term financial policies are enhanced by our significant financing transactions. We believe that the cash generated by operating activities will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, and debt service obligations. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. The majority of our tenant leases are multiyear contracts, contributing to a significant portion of our revenues being recurring. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is key to maintaining this recurring revenue and converting it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and achieving operational efficiencies.