The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment. The ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of the company's fundamental financial strengths. The company strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials, labor and services through price increases, productivity improvements and cost-saving programs. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations and that the costs of continuing compliance will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk in a number of ways including producing its products in the same country or region in which the products are sold, thereby generating revenues and incurring expenses in the same currency, cost reduction and pricing actions, and working capital management. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company has been, and continues to be, able to borrow funds at reasonable interest rates. The company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. The company expects that capital expenditures in 2017 will be in a range of approximately $200.0 to $240.0. The company believes that its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment position on hand, ability to generate future cash flow from operations, availability under its credit facilities, and access to capital markets provide adequate liquidity to meet its obligations for the next twelve months. The company has recorded liabilities related to unrecognized tax benefits, which have been excluded from the contractual obligations table due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential future cash flows. The company has not recognized any goodwill impairment in 2016, 2015 or 2014 in connection with its annual impairment assessment. The company utilizes certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of its internal reviews for purposes of monitoring, evaluating and forecasting the company's financial performance. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures may be helpful to investors in assessing the company's overall financial performance, trends and year-over-year comparative results. The company has made cash contributions to its defined benefit pension plans and anticipates making similar voluntary contributions in the future. The company has a stock repurchase program and has repurchased shares of its common stock during the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. The company’s strategic objective is to further enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing broad diversification, developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions, expanding global presence, controlling costs, pursuing strategic acquisitions and investments, and fostering collaborative, entrepreneurial management.