The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets. Current uncertainty in global economic conditions, including the economic recovery in the United States and the level of growth in China, still poses significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn negatively affect product demand and our results of operations. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in each of our segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality. We believe our aggregate sales to Apple, Inc., when our direct sales to it are combined with our sales to the contract manufacturers that it utilizes, accounted for more than 10% of our net revenues for fiscal year 2016 and more than 20% for fiscal year 2015. We expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. The loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top ten direct or indirect customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. From time to time, some of our key customers place large orders or delay orders, causing our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. This is particularly true in our wireless communications segment as fluctuations may be magnified by the launches of, and seasonal variations in, sales of mobile handsets, as well as changes in the overall economic environment. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets, and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large OEMs. We also distribute a substantial portion of our products through our broad distribution network. Our cash and cash equivalents were $3.1 billion at October 30, 2016, compared with $1.8 billion at November 1, 2015. We generated $3.4 billion of cash from operations during fiscal year 2016. We expect to incur approximately additional $50 million of restructuring charges in future periods as a result of the Broadcom merger. Our overall effective tax rate and cash taxes payable will vary based on a variety of factors, including overall profitability, the geographical mix of income before income taxes and the related tax rates in the jurisdictions where we operate, as well as discrete events, such as settlements of future audits and acquisitions we may make from time to time and timing of distributions of earnings. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations, combined with current borrowing availability under the 2016 revolving credit facility and the accordion feature in our 2016 credit agreement, provide sufficient liquidity, after giving effect to the pending Brocade merger, to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations, for at least the next 12 months.