We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the tools necessary for our customers to develop complete and functional electronic products. Our growing core electronic design automation business is at the heart of our strategy and is complemented by our business in intellectual property, system interconnect and analysis, system level design and hardware-software development. Our business serves customers that are driven by end-user demand for electronics systems, integrated circuits and devices that are smaller, use less power and provide more functionality. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality and predictability requirements. We offer innovative solutions to help our customers meet these demands and our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions and enhance and maintain our current products. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. We believe our reported revenue and the amount of revenue recognized in future periods will depend on, among other things, the competitiveness of our technology and the size, duration, timing, terms and type of contract renewals with existing customers, additional sales to existing customers, and sales to new customers. Demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. Accordingly, additional actions, including further restructuring of our operations, may be required in the future. We have initiated various restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development and general and administrative expenses. Factors that cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, foreign exchange rates, stock-based compensation and the impact of our variable compensation programs that are driven by overall operating results. Our operating expenses, as a percentage of total revenue, reflect our commitment to maintaining operational flexibility and adaptability in a competitive landscape. We expect that current cash, cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, cash flows that are generated from operations and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months. The changes in product and maintenance-related costs were due to the increase in emulation and prototyping hardware volume and an increase in charges for reserves on inventory. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making long-term equity investments. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2016 was primarily due to the timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. We must also make judgments when assessing whether a contract amendment to a time-based arrangement constitutes a concession. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether the separate contracts should be accounted for individually as distinct arrangements or whether the separate contracts are, in substance, a single arrangement. Our judgments about whether a group of contracts is a single arrangement can affect the timing of revenue recognition under those contracts, which could have an effect on our results of operations for the periods involved.