We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes, and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results. As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. The formation of the power systems segment combined two businesses that were already strongly interdependent, which will allow us to streamline business and technical processes to accelerate innovation, grow market share, and more efficiently manage our supply chain and manufacturing operations. Our operations are affected by currency, political, economic, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. We are well-positioned to benefit when market conditions improve. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, and power systems, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The revised methodology for allocating certain common costs and expenses among segments is based on a combination of relative segment sales and relative service usage levels. The decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable mix, and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by lower material and commodity costs. We generated significant ongoing cash flow, with cash provided by operations being our principal source of liquidity. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong, enabling us to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We executed worldwide workforce restructuring actions primarily in response to lower demand for our products in the U.S. and key markets around the world. The restructuring actions included professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs. We incurred a charge for headcount reductions, with a significant portion expected to be settled in cash. The acquisitions of controlling interests in North American distributors have resulted in additional amortization of intangible assets and gains related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interests. We expect to contribute approximately $134 million to our global pension plans in 2017, which will meet or exceed the current funding requirements. The funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon various variables and assumptions, including return on invested assets and market interest rates. We continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions, with capital expenditures planned for 2017. Our strategic initiatives focus on maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing market conditions, ensuring our organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and economic fluctuations.