Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We believe we are positioned to deliver attractive growth and returns, as well as significant capital distribution, subject to regulatory approval. We have improved efficiency by growing revenues and managing costs across the company, realizing analog cost savings and other efficiency gains as we become more digital. Our risk management framework provides an overall enterprise-wide approach for effectively managing risk, which includes establishing governance processes, accountabilities, and risk appetites. The board of directors and senior management establish the tone at the top regarding the importance of internal control, including standards of conduct and the integrity and ethical values of the company. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks. We continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions and appropriate action plans in accordance with our contingency funding plan. Our liquidity practices are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to withstand the potential impact of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. We maintain access to diversified funding sources to avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality and strive to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns. We employ several techniques to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risk, including altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities through interest rate derivatives. We regularly evaluate, update, and enhance our assumptions, models, and analytical tools as we believe appropriate to reflect our best assessment of the market environment and the expected behavior patterns of our existing assets and liabilities. Our current economic value of equity sensitivity profile demonstrates that our economic value of equity generally decreases as interest rates increase, indicating that the economic value of our assets and derivative positions is more sensitive to interest rate changes than our liabilities. We employ value-at-risk as the primary method to measure and monitor the market risk in our customer-related trading activities. The sensitivity analysis contemplates only certain movements in interest rates and is performed at a particular point in time based on the existing balance sheet. We track delinquency and nonperforming asset rates, as well as net charge-off rates and our internal risk ratings of larger balance commercial loans, to evaluate the credit quality of our loan portfolio. We assess the adequacy of our allowance for loan and lease losses on a quarterly basis, considering historical loss and recovery experience, recent trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, risk ratings, and general economic conditions. Our actions have created a well-positioned balance sheet with strong capital and liquidity, which supports our organizational resilience in facing external pressures and operational challenges.