We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at the most competitive prices. We do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales. We believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. We also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are increasingly less significant relative to the results of our total operations. Our online business growth both domestically and internationally has also increased our sales. Our membership format is an integral part of our business model and has a significant effect on our profitability. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area historically, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. Because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. Our investments in modernizing our information systems are ongoing and expected to continue to negatively impact SG&A expenses. Our judgments are based on existing market and operational conditions. Future events could cause us to conclude that impairment factors exist, requiring a downward adjustment of these assets to their then-current fair value. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. To a lesser extent, capital is required for initial warehouse operations, the modernization of our information systems, and working capital. We have not provided for U.S. deferred taxes on cumulative undistributed earnings of certain non-U.S. consolidated subsidiaries, including the remaining undistributed earnings of our Canadian operations, because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely.