Cisco is helping to transform businesses, governments, and cities worldwide, focusing on how technology can deliver desired outcomes. In an increasingly connected world, the network has become the platform for delivering an ever-increasing portfolio of IT-based products and services. We believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position allows us to use our cash resources for strategic investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities, for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends. We are aggressively investing in priority areas to drive growth over the long term regardless of the environment, and we remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio. Our strategy is to lead our customers in their digital transition with solutions including pervasive, industry-leading security that intelligently connects nearly everything that can be digitally connected. We understand how technology can deliver the outcomes our customers want to achieve, and we are focused on providing highly secure, automated, and intelligent solutions built on infrastructure that connects highly distributed data that is globally dispersed across organizations. We believe this is driving them to adopt entirely new IT architectures and organizational structures. 

During fiscal 2016, we experienced a challenging environment with significant volatility and a highly competitive landscape. The decline in the service provider market was driven by the sale of the SP video CPE business. We believe the flat sales of switches used in campus environments was largely driven by uncertainty in the macro environment, which led to a slowdown in customer spending. We have made solid progress over the past year in priority areas, while the overall macro environment remains uncertain. We believe we are well positioned to adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational flexibility. Our total revenue grew in our APJC geographic segment, while revenue declined in the Americas and EMEA geographic segments. The emerging countries of BRICM experienced product revenue growth, despite decreased product revenue in Brazil and Russia. 

We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and the adequacy of our liability for purchase commitments. Inventory and supply chain management remain areas of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead times with the risk of inventory obsolescence, particularly in light of current macroeconomic uncertainties. We believe the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our revenue levels. Our ongoing consideration of all these factors could result in an increase in our allowance for credit loss in the future, which could adversely affect our operating results. We are subject to the possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business, and we regularly evaluate information available to us to determine whether accruals should be made or adjusted. 

We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Our strategy is to ensure that we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations.