This report contains statements concerning the companies' expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance and other statements that are not historical facts. The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ include unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales to customers and energy commodity prices, extreme weather events and other natural disasters, including hurricanes, high winds, severe storms, earthquakes, flooding and changes in water temperatures and availability that can cause outages and property damage to facilities. The companies face risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities, including costs associated with the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, decommissioning, plant maintenance and changes in existing regulations governing such facilities. The companies also experience fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices and the effect these could have on earnings and liquidity positions. The operational hazards include adverse developments with respect to pipeline and plant safety or integrity, equipment loss, malfunction or failure, operator error, and other catastrophic events. The companies' operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows. The companies expect to focus on meeting new and developing environmental requirements, including making investments in utility-scale solar generation. The strategic target asset allocation for the companies' pension funds is established based on various factors including employee demographics, liability growth rates, future discount rates, and the funded status of the plans. The companies develop assumptions which are then compared to the forecasts of an independent investment advisor to ensure reasonableness. The companies' strategy is to continue focusing on its regulated businesses while maintaining upside potential in well-positioned nonregulated businesses. The goals of this strategy are to provide earnings per share growth, a growing dividend, and to maintain a stable credit profile. The companies' planned capital expenditures are expected to total approximately $5.8 billion, $5.0 billion, and $5.2 billion in the upcoming years, including construction and expansion of electric generation and natural gas transmission and storage facilities. The companies' credit ratings affect their liquidity, cost of borrowing under credit facilities and collateral posting requirements under commodity contracts, as well as the rates at which they are able to offer their debt securities. The companies monitor their debt covenants on a regular basis to ensure that events of default will not occur. The companies' operations are subject to various laws and regulations designed to protect human health and the environment, which can result in increased capital, operating and other costs as a result of compliance, remediation, containment, and monitoring obligations. The companies believe the potential expenditures to comply with environmental regulations could be material. The companies face risks associated with collective bargaining agreements and ongoing negotiations with labor unions, which could impact operational continuity and organizational health. The companies' ability to adapt to changing market conditions and regulatory environments is critical for maintaining operational flexibility and ensuring long-term organizational resilience.