The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements. We continue to focus on deploying capital through disciplined and profitable organic loan growth across all products as well as through our quarterly dividends and share repurchase program. We expect total expenses in 2017 to increase year over year as we continue to invest in marketing and infrastructure to support growth strategies, and in our compliance and risk management programs. We seek to maintain stable, diversified and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile in order to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. Our primary funding sources include deposits, sourced directly from consumers or through brokers, public term asset-backed securitizations and other short-term and long-term borrowings. In managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. We maintain a liquidity risk and funding management policy which outlines the overall framework and general principles for managing liquidity risk across our businesses. The policy is approved by the board of directors with the implementation responsibilities delegated to the asset and liability management committee. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity, including early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events. We conduct liquidity stress testing regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our primary liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity, which we could utilize to satisfy liquidity needs during normal and stress conditions. We also have unused capacity with the federal reserve discount window which provides a source of contingent liquidity. The level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments. We are subject to regulatory capital requirements that became effective January 1, 2015 under final rules issued by the board of governors of the federal reserve system and the FDIC to implement the provisions under the Basel committee's framework. The final capital rules require minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. We believe that providing an estimate of our capital position based on the Basel III fully phased-in rules is important to complement the existing capital ratios and for comparability to other financial institutions. Our ability to make capital distributions, including our ability to pay dividends and repurchase shares of our common stock, will continue to be subject to the federal reserve's review and non-objection of the actions that we propose each year in our annual capital plan. We also regularly evaluate the likelihood of assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions resulting from current and subsequent years' examinations, and tax reserves are established as appropriate. We may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we enter into new business arrangements with third-party service providers, alternative payment providers or other industry participants. The additional expense, time and resources needed to comply with ongoing regulatory requirements may adversely impact our business and results of operations.