During fiscal 2016, our position as the largest and most geographically diverse homebuilder in the United States provides a strong platform for us to compete for new home sales, reflecting our operational flexibility and adaptability to varying market conditions. We are focused on growing our profitability, generating positive annual cash flows from operations, and managing our product offerings, pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments. Our operating strategy includes maintaining a strong cash balance and overall liquidity position, controlling our level of debt, and actively managing our inventory investments across our operating markets to diversify our geographic risk and optimize returns. We believe that housing demand in our individual operating markets is closely tied to each market's economy, and we expect housing market conditions to vary across our markets, which necessitates a strategic response to external pressures. The pace and sustainability of new home demand and our future results could be negatively affected by weakening economic conditions, decreases in the level of employment and housing demand, and significant increases in mortgage interest rates. Our operating strategy has produced positive results in recent years, yet we acknowledge the need to adjust components of our strategy to meet future market conditions. We manage our inventory of homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales can occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. Our cash flows from operations provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in homebuilding market conditions and allow us to increase our investments in homes, finished lots, land, and land development to expand our operations and grow our profitability. We expect our operating strategy will allow us to maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position while continuing to increase our revenues and profitability. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund future growth in our business, repay future debt obligations, and support other general corporate and operational needs. Our ability to foresee and confront challenges in the housing market is vital for our organizational resilience, as we navigate through economic fluctuations and strive to maintain our competitive advantage. The management of our inventory and strategic initiatives to optimize returns is critical in ensuring our organizational health and effectiveness in a turbulent market environment. We are committed to learning from past experiences and adapting our operational practices to enhance our resilience against future disruptions.