Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders and our operating partnership's unitholders through the payment of distributions and return on invested capital. We expect to achieve our objectives by focusing on our core business of investing in and developing data centers. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development and acquisition of new properties. We target high quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry tenants. Most of our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling and high-level security systems. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Economic downturns, including as a result of general economic conditions, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. Our portfolio consisted of 145 operating properties at December 31, 2016, with an aggregate of 26.1 million rentable square feet including 2.0 million square feet of space under active development and 1.1 million square feet of space held for future development. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply. However, until this inventory is leased up, our return on invested capital is negatively impacted. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide or make the tenant improvements in our facilities obsolete. We actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. Our ability to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through net cash provided by operations, restricted cash accounts and by drawing upon our 2016 global revolving credit facility is crucial. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical and other criteria. We expect to continue to acquire additional assets as a part of our growth strategy. Our management evaluates estimates related to our financial condition and results of operations on an ongoing basis, based upon information currently available and on various assumptions. The preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses in the reporting period. Our strategy of holding properties over the long-term decreases the likelihood of their carrying values not being recoverable. However, if our strategy changes or market conditions dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized. Our access to funds under our global revolving credit facility depends on the ability of the lenders that are parties to such facilities to meet their funding commitments to us. If we do not have sufficient cash flow to continue operating our business and are unable to borrow additional funds, we may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity, which could include curtailing development activity or disposing of properties.