We continued to work aggressively through 2016's difficult environment, where lackluster global economies, significantly unfavorable foreign currency translation, and continued depressed energy market activity presented multiple headwinds to our growth. We also continued to make significant investments in our customer, field, and infrastructure technology as well as in our talent management systems, all key areas that will be critical to our long-term success. In this environment, our global institutional, global industrial, and other segments continued to show good fixed currency sales and earnings results. However, these were offset by a decline in the global energy segment, coupled with significantly unfavorable currency translation due to the strong dollar appreciation relative to other currencies. We worked aggressively to offset these headwinds while making progress in our work to strengthen our businesses and position them for better growth. We believe that our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. Our net debt to EBITDA and net debt to adjusted EBITDA ratios are viewed as important indicators of the operational and financial health of our organization. We continued to generate strong cash flow from operations, allowing us to fund our ongoing operations, acquisitions, investments in our business, debt repayments, pension obligations, and return cash to our shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Our restructuring activities are associated with plans to enhance our efficiency, effectiveness, and sharpen the competitiveness of our businesses. These restructuring plans include net costs associated with significant actions involving employee-related severance charges, contract termination costs, and asset write-downs and disposals. We believe the ultimate outcome of litigation and environmental contingencies will not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position. Our global footprint and broad business portfolio within global energy, as well as our strong execution capabilities, are expected to provide the required resilience to outperform in the current market. We continue to remain confident in the long-term growth prospects of the segment. As petroleum-derived materials are key inputs to many of our chemical products, lower oil prices provide benefits across our segments in the form of lower raw material costs. Our international operations subject us to changes in economic conditions and foreign currency exchange rates as well as political uncertainty in some countries which could impact future operating results. We utilize our derivative program to mitigate risks associated with certain foreign currency exposures and our investments in foreign operations. We enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge certain intercompany financial arrangements and to hedge against the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on transactions related to cash flows denominated in currencies other than U.S. dollars. We manage interest expense using a mix of fixed and floating rate debt. We believe that our strong balance sheet has allowed us continued access to capital at attractive rates. Our operational flexibility and strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and adapting to changing market conditions while ensuring the health and effectiveness of our organization.