We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage health care costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. Health care reform presented us with new growth opportunities, but also introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. We believe our pricing strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for commercial risk membership growth opportunities in the future. We continue to analyze and refine our estimates of the ultimate impact of health care reform on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We are committed to optimizing our reimbursement rates and strategies to help address the cost pressures faced by employers and consumers. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We have achieved organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high-quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the blue cross and blue shield names and marks. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guaranty association laws. Our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership. In recent years, we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, decreases in unemployment, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets. However, these membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes or our exit from a specific market. We have continued to implement security enhancements since a sophisticated external cyber attack in February 2015, which gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. Our financial condition and liquidity position are maintained through consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments, which increased primarily due to cash generated from operations and changes in bank overdrafts. We have a bridge facility commitment letter and a term loan facility to finance a portion of the pending acquisition of Cigna, which is subject to several conditions, including the completion of the acquisition. We expect that our pro forma debt-to-capital ratio will approximate 49% following the closing of the acquisition and we are committed to deleveraging to the low 40% range approximately twenty-four months following the closing. Our ability to borrow under our credit facility is subject to compliance with certain covenants, and we regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions and dividends to shareholders.