The company previously announced strategic actions to streamline its portfolio, drive growth, and accelerate value creation for shareholders. These portfolio repositioning actions resulted in agreements to sell the network power systems business and the power generation, motors and drives businesses. The company generated substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions, and manage its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. The company continues to generate substantial cash from operations and has the resources available to reinvest for growth in existing businesses, pursue strategic acquisitions, and manage its capital structure on a short- and long-term basis. The company’s financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives. The company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company’s decision whether to repatriate proceeds from divestitures will be determined in connection with funding needs for the acquisition of pentair's valves & controls business. The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The audit committee of the board of directors is responsible for overseeing the company's financial reporting process. The company has been able to readily meet all its funding requirements and currently believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet the company's needs in the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or backup credit lines. The company’s management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and the criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013). The company generated operating cash flow of $2.9 billion, of which $2.5 billion related to continuing operations. The company is targeting capital spending of approximately $500 million in 2017. The company expects net and underlying sales in the automation solutions business to be down 4 to 7 percent. The commercial & residential solutions business is expected to have support from more favorable global HVAC and U.S. construction markets resulting in net and underlying sales growth of 2 to 4 percent. The company expects to recognize a pretax gain of approximately $500 million upon completion of the transactions related to the divestitures. The company’s financial position reflects its ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity. The company’s strategic actions are aimed at enhancing organizational resilience by focusing on operational management, resource allocation, and maintaining performance under pressure. The company is positioned to confront challenges in turbulent markets through its strategic initiatives and operational flexibility. The company’s approach to crisis management and event impact assessment is designed to ensure organizational health and adaptability in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions.