We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas. Our activities are primarily directed at the horizontal development of the Wolfcamp and Spraberry formations in the Midland Basin and the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring formations in the Delaware Basin. We intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives. We continue to focus on low-cost operations and best-in-class execution. In doing so, we are focused on controlling oilfield service costs as our service providers seek to increase pricing after two years of declining service costs during the downturn in the oil market. To combat rising service costs, we have looked to lock in pricing for dedicated activity levels and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well costs where possible. Our 2017 drilling and completion budget includes amounts that we believe will cover potential increases in our service costs during the year. We expect to drill and complete 130 to 165 gross horizontal wells in 2017. The increase in production volumes was due to a combination of increased drilling activity and growth through acquisitions. Our production increased significantly, reflecting our operational flexibility and adaptability to market conditions. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow, and other factors both within and outside our control. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and/or equity securities, or other means. We cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. In addition, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that may be favorable to us or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. We are currently operating six rigs and plan to operate between six and ten drilling rigs in 2017 across our asset base in the Midland and Delaware Basins. We will continue to monitor commodity prices and overall market conditions and can adjust our rig cadence up or down in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions. Our cash flows are sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. Prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions, regional and worldwide economic activity, weather, and other substantially variable factors that influence market conditions for these products. These factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict.