Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the U.S. The preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. We base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades, and recovery rates. Estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape, and depth of our ore bodies by analyzing geological data. In addition to the geology of our mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand. Our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. A majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology, and reserve determination. Because the economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations, including changes to prospective depreciation rates and impairments of long-lived asset carrying values. We perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. If it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates. We review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability. Environmental obligations reflect obligations for environmental liabilities attributed to the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters. Accounting for environmental obligations represents a critical accounting estimate because changes to environmental laws and regulations and/or circumstances affecting our operations could result in significant changes to our estimates, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. Our cost estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, updated cost assumptions, changes in the anticipated scope and timing of remediation activities, and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties. We assess the carrying values of our long-lived mining assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. In evaluating our long-lived mining assets for recoverability, we use estimates of pre-tax undiscounted future cash flows of our individual mines. We believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. As a result of declining copper and molybdenum prices, we evaluated our long-lived mining assets for impairment, which resulted in charges at our Tyrone mine. The evaluations of the recoverability of our copper mines were based on near-term price assumptions reflecting prevailing copper futures prices and a long-term average price. Additionally, copper and molybdenum prices have improved, and we concluded there were no events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying amount of our long-lived mining assets might not be recoverable. The combined impact of the reduction in twelve-month historical prices and reserve revisions caused net capitalized costs with respect to our proved U.S. oil and gas properties to exceed the ceiling test limitation specified by the SEC's full cost accounting rules, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges.