Through the depth and breadth of our solutions portfolio, global capabilities and domain expertise, FIS serves more than 20,000 clients in over 130 countries. Our revenue is primarily derived from a combination of recurring technology and processing services, consulting and professional services, and software license fees. The majority of our revenue has historically been recurring, provided under multi-year contracts that contribute relative stability to our revenue stream. These services are considered critical to our clients' operations. We are actively migrating many financial institutions to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. As a provider of outsourcing solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes that otherwise might have a larger impact on our results of operations. We believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. Consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet, and voice banking channels. We continue to innovate and invest in these integrated solutions and services to assist clients as they address this market demand. The combination of our solutions has favorably impacted our revenue mix, with a greater concentration of license revenues and higher margin services. We anticipate significant cost savings around administration and technology expenses, with a goal of achieving annual synergy run-rate savings of more than $275 million by the end of 2017. The completion of the Sungard acquisition increased our existing portfolio to include solutions that automate a wide range of complex business processes for financial services institutions and corporate and government treasury departments. We believe the growth of digital payments continues to present both an opportunity and a risk to us as the market develops. High-profile North American merchant payment card information security breaches have pushed the payment card industry towards EMV integrated circuit cards as financial institutions, card networks, and merchants seek to improve information security and reduce fraud costs. We invested in our card management solutions and card manufacturing and processing capabilities to accommodate EMV integrated circuit cards. We believe the trend to migrate to EMV cards will continue. The use of checks continues to decline as a percentage of total payments, which negatively impacts our check warranty and item-processing businesses. We anticipate consolidation within the banking industry will continue, primarily in the form of merger and acquisition activity, which we believe as a whole is detrimental to our business. However, consolidation resulting from specific merger and acquisition transactions may be beneficial or detrimental to our business. When consolidations of financial institutions occur, merger partners often operate systems obtained from competing service providers. The newly formed entity generally makes a determination to migrate its core and payments systems to a single platform. We seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive services to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. We believe our client relationships, payments infrastructure, and experience are well positioned to maintain or grow our clients' existing payment volumes. We remain focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems. This includes both capital expenditures and operating expenses on hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. We have developed fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target growth opportunities in the financial services industry.