The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment, and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We continue to pursue international opportunities presented by demand for military equipment and information technologies from our non-U.S. operations and through exports from our North American businesses. While the revenue potential can be significant, these opportunities are subject to changing budget priorities and overall spending pressures unique to each country. In navigating the current business environment, we continue to focus on improving operating earnings, expanding margin, and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash. We emphasize effective program execution, anticipate trends, and react to changing circumstances in our business environment, and look for opportunities to drive cost-reduction activities across our business. Operating earnings and margin increased in 2016 on essentially flat revenue compared with 2015, continuing a trend of superb operating performance. Our volume reflects fewer aircraft deliveries in our aerospace group offset largely by higher U.S. Navy engineering and ship construction work in our marine systems group and C4ISR solutions volume in our information systems and technology group. The combat systems group's operating margin increased 70 basis points in 2016 driven by favorable contract mix and improved operating performance. The information systems and technology group's operating margin increased 70 basis points in 2016, driven primarily by strong program performance and favorable contract mix across our portfolio. The group also continued to benefit from the 2015 consolidation of two of our businesses to form General Dynamics Mission Systems. The marine systems group's operating margin decreased 30 basis points in 2016 driven primarily by cost growth associated with the restart of the Navy's DDG-51 program. We expect the aerospace group's 2017 revenue to be up about 6 percent from 2016. The combat systems group's revenue is expected to increase between 6 and 7 percent in 2017. The information systems and technology group's revenue is expected to increase slightly in 2017, with operating margin approximating 11 percent. The marine systems group's revenue is expected to decrease slightly in 2017. We recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. Our total backlog, including funded and unfunded portions, was $59.8 billion at the end of 2016, compared with $66.1 billion at the end of 2015. The funded portion of this backlog includes items that have been authorized and appropriated by Congress and funded by the customer, as well as commitments by international customers that are similarly approved and funded by their governments. The total backlog in our defense groups represents the estimated remaining sales value of work to be performed under firm contracts. We have included in total backlog firm contracts at the amounts that we believe we are likely to receive funding, but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide the funding necessary for a given program. Our cash balances are invested primarily in time deposits from highly rated banks rated A-/A3 or higher. We expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs. We believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. The assessment of our December 31, 2016, consolidated balance sheet under ASC Topic 606 will result in some reclassifications among financial statement accounts, but these reclassifications will not materially change the total amount of net assets as of December 31, 2016.