In the year ended December 31, 2016, we faced continuing challenges from a market, operating, and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, and political uncertainty. As a result of these conditions, we continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital. Our strategic plan includes several major initiatives that we anticipate will help us achieve our goal of 9% to 10% margins on an EBIT-adjusted basis by early next decade. We intend to mitigate headwinds with the full benefit of our recently launched products, which we believe will substantially increase our competitiveness in this growing market. We continue to implement various strategic actions to strengthen our operations and increase our competitiveness. Our overall financial targets include expected total annual operational and functional cost savings of $6.5 billion through 2018 compared to 2014 costs, which we expect will more than offset our incremental investments in brand building, engineering, and technology as we launch new products in 2017 and beyond. We expect to sustain an EBIT-adjusted margin of 10% in 2017 on continued strength of U.S. industry light vehicle sales, key product launches, and continued focus on overall cost savings. We view the Chinese market as important to our global growth strategy and are employing a multi-brand strategy led by our Buick and Chevrolet brands. Maintaining good relations with our joint venture partners, which are affiliated with the Chinese government, is an important part of our growth strategy. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions, investments with joint venture partners, and strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. We continue to assess our performance and the manner in which we operate in certain countries, and additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required, which may have a material impact on our results of operations. We have implemented measures to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience in response to environmental disruptions and market volatility. Our management uses non-GAAP measures to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons, and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section of this MD&A and item 1A. risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining an investment-grade balance sheet.