The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. As interactions between users and advertisers change, we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs. Our users are accessing the internet via multiple devices and want to feel connected no matter where they are or what they are doing. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus for Google, such as search, advertising, and machine learning, as well as in new products and services across both Google and other bets. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2017 and future periods. We continue to develop localized versions of our products and relevant advertising programs useful to our users in these markets. This has led to a trend of increased revenues from international markets over time and we expect that our results will continue to be impacted by our performance in these markets, particularly as low-cost mobile devices become more available. We expect these trends to continue to put pressure on our overall margins. The increase in traffic acquisition costs was due to increases in advertising revenues primarily from the growth of mobile search and programmatic ad buying which carry higher TAC. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in 2017 and future periods based on a number of factors, including the relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and our Google network members' properties. The increase in other cost of revenues was primarily due to increases in data center costs including depreciation, labor, energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs as a result of business growth. Our advertising revenue growth rate has fluctuated over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition, query growth rates, challenges in maintaining our growth rate as our revenues increase to higher levels, the evolution of the online advertising market, our investments in new business strategies, changes in our product mix, and shifts in the geographic mix of our revenues. We also expect that our revenue growth rate will continue to be affected by evolving user preferences, the acceptance by users of our products and services as they are delivered on diverse devices, our ability to create a seamless experience for both users and advertisers, and movements in foreign currency exchange rates. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations and assessments to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate.