Grainger plans to continue to make investments in its supply chain, ecommerce capabilities, information systems, sales force productivity tools, and inventory management services. These investments will support the company's revenue growth objectives of continuing to grow its share of business with large, complex customers, creating a unique value proposition to further penetrate the medium customer segment, and further leveraging its ecommerce capabilities to serve smaller customers. Through the execution of continuous improvement initiatives, the U.S. business will reduce its cost base while ensuring that it continues to deliver an effortless customer experience. In Canada, the company took aggressive actions in 2016 that will position the business for long-term sustainable growth and profitability. These actions, which included business and personnel reorganization, branch closures, ERP and ecommerce investments, should position the Canadian business for growth in 2017 and restore the business to break even by the end of 2017. Grainger's operating results have included the results of each business acquired since the respective acquisition dates. The company expects its strong working capital position, cash flows from operations, and borrowing capacity to continue, allowing it to fund its operations, including growth initiatives, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and repurchase of shares, as well as to pay cash dividends. Grainger's net sales of $10,137 million for 2016 were an increase of 2% when compared with net sales of $9,973 million for the comparable 2015 period. The increase was primarily driven by ecommerce sales, which were $4,757 million, an increase of 15% over the prior year and represented 47% of total sales. The increase was primarily driven by an increase in sales via EDI and electronic purchasing platforms in the U.S. and Japan businesses. The company has recorded a noncurrent liability of approximately $63 million for tax uncertainties and interest at December 31, 2016. Grainger routinely assesses the likelihood of any adverse outcomes related to investigations, legal proceedings, or claims and establishes accruals for its potential exposures as appropriate. Grainger's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations reflects its organizational resilience. The company maintains a debt ratio and liquidity position that provides flexibility in funding working capital needs and long-term cash requirements. Grainger's ability to achieve sales growth through increased prices is subject to inflation and normal competitive conditions. The predominant use of the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method of accounting for inventories results in a substantial recognition of the effects of inflation in the financial statements. Grainger believes the most positive means to combat inflation and advance the interests of investors lie in the continued application of basic business principles, which include improving productivity, maintaining working capital turnover, and offering products and services that can command appropriate prices in the marketplace. The company expects to fund 2017 capital spending primarily from operating cash, with projected spending including continued investments in the supply chain, ecommerce, and inventory management solutions. Grainger's strategic initiatives and operational flexibility are designed to enhance its resilience in a turbulent market environment, ensuring that it can adapt to external pressures while maintaining its operational continuity and effectiveness.