The business environment has been characterized by industry consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing, and listings; the globalization of exchanges, customers, and competitors; and market participants' rising demand for speed, data capacity, and connectivity, which requires ongoing investment in technology. The ability to evolve existing products to serve emerging needs, develop new products, and respond to competitive dynamics in pricing, exclusivity, and consolidation is important to our business. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 57% in 2016. This non-transaction revenue includes data services, listings, and other revenues. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives and our synergies in connection with our acquisitions in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, and markets. The implementation of new laws or regulations or the uncertainty around potential changes may impact participation in our markets or the demand for our clearing and data services either favorably or unfavorably. Many of the recent changes regarding global financial reform have emphasized the importance of transparent markets, centralized clearing, and access to data, all of which are important aspects of our product offering. However, some of the proposed rules have yet to be implemented, and some rules that have already been propagated are being reconsidered. As this is established, legislative and regulatory actions may change the way we conduct our business and may create uncertainty for market participants, which could affect trading volumes or demand for market data. We have also entered into foreign currency hedging transactions during years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 as economic hedges to help mitigate a portion of our foreign exchange risk exposure and may enter into additional hedging transactions in the future to help mitigate our foreign exchange risk exposure. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market, and liquidity risks. We seek to achieve a reasonable rate of return which may generate interest income for our clearing members, but we are primarily concerned with preservation of capital and managing the risks associated with these deposits. Our clearing houses monitor liquidity requirements closely and maintain funds and assets in a manner that minimizes the risk of loss or delay in access to such funds and assets. We are exposed to credit risk in our operations in the event of a counterparty default. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments and execute agreements. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk. We believe that our cash on hand and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to repay our outstanding debt as it matures. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate of growth across our trading and clearing and data and listings segments, strategic plans and acquisitions, and available sources for financing activities. We expect to make aggregate operational capital expenditures and to incur capitalized software development costs ranging between $280 million and $300 million for the year ended December 31, 2017, which we believe will support the enhancement of our technology, business integration, and the continued growth of our businesses.