We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses through both our DSD system and our WD delivery system. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. The North American LRB market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, including increased health consciousness and changes in economic factors, which have created category headwinds for our CSDs during recent years. We are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, and we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast-growing population segments could drive market growth. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. As retailers continue to consolidate, we believe they will support consumer product companies that can provide an attractive portfolio of products, a strong value proposition, and efficient delivery. Our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability in expected future cash flows associated with certain transactions, and we use derivative instruments to mitigate a portion of our exposure. We believe the completion of the Bai Brands merger will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of key trends. We have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high-growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. Our operational flexibility is essential for maintaining performance under pressure, and we continuously assess risks and uncertainties that could impact our business. We have identified various events, trends, and uncertainties that may impact liquidity, including the closing of the Bai Brands merger, continued stock repurchases, and capital expenditures. Our liquidity and capital resources are influenced by customer and consumer demand, which may be impacted by economic downturns or disruptions in financial markets. Our strategic initiatives include future equity investments in allied brands and acquisitions of regional bottling companies to extend our geographic coverage. We believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations, and we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements if necessary. We have a deferred compensation plan where the assets are maintained in a rabbi trust, and we are covered under conventional insurance programs with high deductibles or are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims. Our accrued liabilities for losses related to these programs are estimated through actuarial procedures and are subject to uncertainties. We have identified critical accounting estimates that reflect our judgment regarding future performance, and we continuously review these estimates to ensure they remain reasonable under the circumstances.