In 2014, we initiated a restructuring plan in order to improve organizational efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business. We completed our 2014 organization restructuring in order to improve organization efficiency and offset the impact of stranded overhead costs resulting from the spin-off of our health care business in 2014. Our ongoing force program, focused on reducing costs everywhere, generated an all-time record $435 of cost savings, which helped fund investments in innovations and growth initiatives and improve our profit margins. We seek to manage our portfolio to balance growth, profit margin, and cash flow, invest in our brands, innovation, and growth initiatives, deliver sustainable cost reductions, and provide disciplined capital management to improve return on invested capital and return cash to shareholders. In operating our business, we focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders. Our business segments are described in greater detail, and we describe our business outside North America in two groups: developing and emerging markets and developed markets. We continued to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders, with cash provided by operations increasing by 40 percent year-on-year. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. Our performance is influenced by various factors, including changes in foreign currency rates, which impacted our net sales. We anticipate capital spending to be in a range of $850 to $950 million and share repurchases to be between $800 and $1 billion, subject to market conditions. Our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We have increased our quarterly dividend 5.4 percent. In 2017, we plan to continue to execute our global business plan strategies, which include a focus on targeted growth initiatives, innovation and brand building, cost savings programs, and shareholder-friendly capital allocation. We expect net sales to be similar to the prior year, impacted by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate changes. We expect operating profit to improve compared to 2016 and to be up 2 to 4 percent compared to adjusted operating profit in 2016. Our outlook is based on assumptions that include organic sales growth driven by higher volumes and the expectation that net selling prices and product mix will be similar or up slightly year-on-year. We continue to assess our operational flexibility and resilience strategies to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures. The anticipated cost savings from our force program and the projected volume increases are critical to our future performance and organizational resilience.