Our business strategy is to focus on stable, fee-based energy transportation and storage assets that are central to the energy infrastructure of growing markets within North America. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and divestitures, and we are currently contemplating potential transactions. We believe that the location of our facilities and our ability to provide flexibility to customers help attract new and retain existing customers at our terminals and provide expansion opportunities. We attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Our operations compete with interstate and intrastate pipelines for connections to new markets and supplies and for transportation, processing, and treating services. The overwhelming majority of cash we generate is supported by multi-year fee-based customer arrangements and therefore is not directly exposed to commodity prices. We utilize a centralized cash management program for our U.S.-based bank accounts that concentrates the cash assets of our wholly owned subsidiaries in joint accounts for the purpose of providing financial flexibility and lowering the cost of borrowing. Our business model is built to support two principal objectives: helping customers by providing safe and reliable natural gas, liquids products, and bulk commodity transportation, storage, and distribution; and creating long-term value for our shareholders. We have consistently generated substantial cash flow from operations, providing a source of funds that allows us to manage our day-to-day cash requirements and anticipated obligations. Our midstream assets provide gathering and processing services for natural gas and gathering services for crude oil. These assets are generally fee-based, and the revenues and earnings we realize from gathering natural gas, processing natural gas, and fractionating NGL into their base components are affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems. We regularly evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future, examining a number of variables and factors. Our expectations for 2017 involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance. We plan to provide updates to our 2017 expectations when we believe previously disclosed expectations no longer have a reasonable basis. Our business strategy is modified as necessary to reflect changing economic conditions and other circumstances. We believe that our capital structure will continue to allow us to achieve our business objectives. Our short-term liquidity needs will be met primarily through retained cash from operations or short-term borrowings. We expect that our current common stock dividend level will allow us to use retained cash to fund our growth projects. Our operations are subject to various state and local laws and regulations, as well as orders of regulatory bodies, governing a wide variety of matters, including marketing, production, pricing, pollution, protection of the environment, and human health and safety. We believe that the ultimate resolution of these environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and divestitures, and we are currently contemplating potential transactions.