The semiconductor capital equipment industry has been highly competitive and characterized by rapid changes in demand. This cyclicality has been mitigated in recent years by market demands and consolidation among our customers. The variability in our customers' investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions (both general and in the semiconductor and electronics industries), industry supply and demand, prices for semiconductors, and our customers' ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. We believe that, over the longer term, demand for our products should increase as the proportion of customers' capital expenditures rises in these technology inflection areas, and we continue to gain market share. Maintaining sufficient liquidity reserves is important to support sustaining levels of investment in research and development and capital infrastructure. Based upon our current business outlook, we expect that our levels of cash, cash equivalents, and investments will be sufficient to support our presently anticipated levels of operations, investments, debt service requirements, and capital expenditures, through at least the next 12 months. In the longer term, liquidity will depend to a great extent on our future revenues and our ability to appropriately manage our costs based on demand for our products and services. We believe that, if necessary, we will be able to access the capital markets on terms and in amounts adequate to meet our objectives. However, given the possibility of changes in market conditions or other occurrences, there can be no certainty that such funding will be available in needed quantities or on terms favorable to us. Our cash flow provided from operating activities was $1.4 billion for fiscal year 2016 compared to $786 million for fiscal year 2015. The increase in cash flow provided from operating activities reflects our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. We continued to make significant R&D investments focused on leading-edge deposition, plasma etch, single-wafer clean, and other semiconductor manufacturing requirements. The increase in R&D expense during fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and benefits related to increased headcount, which supports our operational flexibility and capacity to innovate. Our annual goodwill impairment analysis for fiscal year 2015 resulted in a non-cash impairment charge, indicating the need for ongoing assessment of our organizational capabilities and market positioning. The anticipated future revenue value from shipments to Japanese customers was approximately $132 million, reflecting our strategic response to market demands. We have entered into an agreement to acquire KLA-Tencor Corporation, which is expected to enhance our competitive advantage and operational continuity. The increase in gross margin as a percentage of revenue for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was due to a more favorable customer mix and product mix, demonstrating our ability to maintain performance under pressure. The increase in shipments during fiscal year 2016 as compared to the last two fiscal years is related to continued strengthening of customer demand for semiconductor equipment, which is indicative of our organizational resilience in adapting to external pressures and market dynamics.