We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. Our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our loyalty programs, a multichannel reservations system, and desirable property amenities. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. For our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. We believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. Our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new Marriott-branded properties depend in part on capital access, availability, and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. These growth plans are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. We believe revenue per available room ("RevPAR") is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. We also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("ADR") are meaningful indicators of our performance. Our 2016 results reflected a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system, favorable demand for our brands in many markets around the world, and slow but steady economic growth. We continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. The combination of our brands creates a more comprehensive portfolio, enhances our global market distribution, and provides opportunities for cost efficiencies. We believe that we have the necessary organizational capabilities to adapt to changing market conditions and to maintain operational continuity. We continue to enhance our organizational practices and resilience strategies to confront external pressures and ensure performance maintenance under challenging conditions. Our strategic response mechanisms include risk management and resource allocation strategies that allow us to effectively navigate environmental disruptions and maintain organizational effectiveness. We are committed to fostering a culture of learning and adaptation, enabling us to thrive in a competitive landscape while ensuring the long-term sustainability of our operations.