The strength of the alignment among the company, its franchisees, and suppliers is key to McDonald's long-term success. By leveraging the system, McDonald's is able to identify, implement, and scale ideas that meet customers' changing needs and preferences. The company believes that franchising is paramount to delivering great-tasting food, locally-relevant customer experiences, and driving profitability. The company continually reviews its mix of company-operated and franchised restaurants to help optimize overall performance, with a goal to be approximately 95% franchised over the long term. The turnaround plan introduced in 2015 represented a significant step change in how McDonald's operates and a recommitment to putting customers first. The company prioritized fewer, more strategic initiatives that focused on running better restaurants, driving operational growth, and enhancing financial value. Building on these initial steps, the company made purposeful changes in 2016, including right-sizing the organization and blending executives with deep McDonald's experience with new executives to generate fresh energy and innovative ideas. The company expects to achieve its refranchising target of 4,000 restaurants by the end of 2017, a full year ahead of the original target date, with a long-term goal to become approximately 95% franchised. Moving to a more heavily franchised business model will benefit the company's performance over the long term, as the rent and royalty income received from franchisees will provide a more predictable and stable revenue stream with significantly lower operating costs and risks. The company has made meaningful progress towards its goal of reducing net general and administrative levels by $500 million by the end of 2018. Actions taken, including the redesign of the organization to eliminate layers and increase spans of control, have resulted in savings of more than $200 million. The company is beginning to shift focus from revitalizing the business to longer-term growth, with a customer-centric growth strategy informed by deep customer research across multiple markets. The company's greatest opportunities are at the heart of the brand—in its food, value, and customer experience. This strategy is built on retaining existing customers, regaining lost customers, and converting casual to committed customers. The company will continue to build upon its investments in experience of the future, focusing on restaurant modernization and technology to transform the restaurant service experience. The company is also accelerating its focus and investment on its delivery platform as a way to expand the convenience customers expect. McDonald's expects to refranchise about 4,000 restaurants in the three-year period ending 2017, with a long-term goal to become approximately 95% franchised. The company expects to realize net annual general and administrative savings of about $500 million from its general and administrative base. The company expects capital expenditures to decline by approximately $500 million from the 2017 level once the U.S. restaurant modernization work is substantially completed. The company has significant operations outside the U.S., where it earns about 60% of its operating income, and expects existing domestic cash and equivalents, domestic cash flows from operations, and the issuance of domestic debt to continue to be sufficient to fund its activities. The company has long-term contractual obligations primarily in the form of lease obligations and debt obligations, and cash provided by operations along with the company's borrowing capacity will be used to satisfy these obligations.