The company's fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. We conduct our business through two operating segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions. Revenues increased primarily due to market growth and expanded business with existing customers within our North America pharmaceutical distribution businesses. Market growth includes growing drug utilization, price increases, and newly launched products, partially offset by price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversion. Operating expenses decreased primarily due to a pre-tax gain recognized from the deconsolidation of the majority of our technology solutions businesses. We are evaluating strategic options for our EIS business. Our operating expenses benefited from lower restructuring charges and cost savings associated with a cost alignment plan. The 2016 cost alignment plan generated net pre-tax savings during 2017 and is expected to generate additional savings in the future. We monitor our operations and adopt strategies responsive to changes in the economic and political environment in each of the countries in which we operate. Our distribution solutions segment requires a substantial investment in working capital that is susceptible to large variations during the year as a result of inventory purchase patterns and seasonal demands. Cash flows from operations can be significantly impacted by factors such as the timing of receipts from customers and payments to vendors. We believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets, and current access to capital and credit markets will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future. We are subject to various claims, including claims with customers and vendors, pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations, and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. We continuously monitor outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjust allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt. Our sales and credit concentration is significant, and a material default in payment or the loss of a large customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial position. We expect our available cash generated from operations and our short-term investment portfolio, together with our existing sources of liquidity, will be sufficient to fund our long-term and short-term capital expenditures, working capital, and other cash requirements. We are in the process of acquiring certain businesses, and the cost of these acquisitions may be partially funded through the issuance of debt. We disclose intervening events at the joint venture that could materially affect our consolidated financial statements. Our investment in Change Healthcare is accounted for using the equity method of accounting on a one-month reporting lag. We believe that we have made adequate provision for all income tax uncertainties. We have recorded a noncurrent liability associated with a tax receivable entered into in connection with healthcare technology net asset exchange. The ultimate amount and timing of any future cash payments related to the put amount are uncertain. The company anticipates that it will continue to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, and the payment and amount of future dividends remain within the discretion of the board.