We aim to deliver strong, profitable long-term growth by accelerating our core snacks business and expanding the reach of our power brands globally. These efforts include reinventing our supply chain, including adding and upgrading to more efficient production lines, while reducing the complexity of our product offerings, ingredients, and number of suppliers. We have embraced and embedded zero-based budgeting practices across the organization to identify potential areas of cost reductions and capture and sustain savings within our ongoing operating budgets. We recognize these factors and the changing consumer trends such as the increasing emphasis on well-being, time compression, growing income disparity, digital revolution, and an evolving retail landscape, and we are investing in our well-being snacks portfolio, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market including e-commerce to position ourselves for future growth. We continue to make investments in our brand portfolio and build strong routes to market to address the needs of consumers in emerging and developed markets. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets. Some of these markets have greater political and economic volatility, vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, and sensitivity to world oil and energy prices. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We expect continued volatility across our markets, particularly emerging markets. As such, we are focused on investing in our global power brands and routes to market while we protect our margins through the management of costs and pricing. We manage these costs through cost-saving and productivity initiatives, sourcing and hedging programs, pricing actions, refinancing, and tax planning. We also continue to work on programs to expand our profitability and margins, such as our 2014-2018 restructuring program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We expect to achieve profitable, long-term growth and manage our business to attain this goal using our key operating metrics: organic net revenue, adjusted operating income, and adjusted EPS. We monitor a number of developments or trends that could impact our revenue and profitability objectives. Our operations and management structure are organized into four reportable operating segments to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively, and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. We believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure to help investors analyze segment performance and trends. We believe providing investors with the same financial information that we use internally ensures that investors have the same data to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results, and gain additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our business. We continue to monitor and work to safeguard our business, as factors such as continued global and local market volatility, actions by foreign governments, political uncertainty, limited hedging opportunities, and other factors could lead to further unfavorable currency impacts in the future. We expect to continue to use commercial paper borrowings to finance various short and long-term financing needs and to comply with our long-term debt covenants.