The company is organized into six segments, and management continues to evaluate the company's segment performance and allocate resources, which may adjust related measurements in the future to better reflect segment profitability. The financial condition and results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally, where stressed conditions, volatility, and disruptions can have an adverse effect. The company is exposed to various risks relating to its ongoing business operations, including interest rate, foreign currency exchange rate, credit, and equity market risks, and uses a variety of strategies to manage these risks, including the use of derivatives. The company applies disciplined asset/liability management strategies to mitigate the risk of unfavorable consequences from the low interest rate environment, including the use of interest rate derivatives. The company’s investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, which are generally well-suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. The company is well diversified across product, distribution, and geography, which helps mitigate risks associated with market volatility. The company believes that its diversified mix of short- and long-term funding sources enhances its funding flexibility and limits dependence on any one market or source of funds. The ongoing impact of market factors, including low interest rates and volatile equity markets, continues to affect investment yields, but certain impacts are mitigated by derivatives used to hedge these risks. The company’s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from major credit rating agencies. The company is committed to maintaining a liquidity buffer of liquid assets at the holding companies, which is essential for meeting future obligations. The company’s capital management process involves regular reviews of actual and projected capital levels and annual capital planning, which are influenced by various factors, including regulatory requirements and market conditions. The company has engaged in a number of separation-related transactions that will impact holding companies' liquid assets, and it expects to continue to increase these assets over time. The company’s operational flexibility is enhanced by its ability to adjust its asset mix and maturities based on a rolling 12-month forecast of cash flow obligations. The company has various alternatives available for meeting significant cash requirements, including cash flows from operations and sales of liquid assets. The company’s liquidity management includes proactive monitoring and management of certain non-guaranteed elements of its products, such as resetting credited interest and dividend rates. The company has a comprehensive investment risk management process that includes ongoing evaluations of known and inherent risks associated with its loan portfolios, which are reviewed periodically to ensure that they remain aligned with the company’s risk management objectives. The company’s future policy benefits are impacted by sustained periods of lower yields than rates established at policy issuance, and it employs various risk management strategies to mitigate these risks. The company’s operational management strategies are designed to enhance its resilience in the face of environmental disruptions and to ensure continued performance maintenance under challenging conditions.