We are a leading provider of trading, clearing, exchange technology, regulatory, securities listing, information, and public company services. Our global offerings are diverse and include trading and clearing across multiple asset classes, trade management services, data products, financial indexes, capital formation solutions, corporate solutions, and market technology products and services. We provide market technology to exchanges, clearing organizations, and central securities depositories around the world, facilitating economic growth and corporate entrepreneurship. Our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, government and private sector demands for capital, and the regulatory environment for capital markets. We recognize that there are a number of significant structural and political issues continuing to impact the global economy, and sustained instability could return at any time, resulting in increased market volatility and a more cautious outlook by clients. Our strategy includes identifying organic growth within our core business units and developing adjacent opportunities, as well as identifying acquisitions that complement our strengths and extend our capabilities. We expect changes in both the competitive and regulatory environments, with intense competition among U.S. equity and options marketplaces continuing. Our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment, and we believe that our continued focus on meeting our cost, revenue, and technology objectives will enable us to benefit from any improving economic conditions in the future. We continue to make progress to leverage emerging technologies to expand the ways we serve clients, including the launch of new products that enhance client experience and improve operational efficiency. The business environment may be characterized by intense competition, globalization, and regulatory changes that may create both challenges and opportunities for growth. We are committed to resource allocation in strategic areas that yield attractive returns, and we will continue to look for opportunities to diversify our business with enhanced product offerings and acquisitions. Our operational flexibility and adaptability to changing market conditions are critical to maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational health. We assess risks and implement strategic initiatives to mitigate potential disruptions and enhance resilience. Our focus on innovation and collaboration networks supports our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform our operations to emerge stronger from challenging situations. We believe that our organizational capabilities, including knowledge management and strategic foresight, will enable us to navigate complex situations and sustain growth in turbulent markets. We recognize the importance of stakeholder engagement and the role of social capital in fostering resilience and adaptability within our organization.