The increase in our domestic streaming revenues was due to a 12% growth in the average number of paid memberships and an 8% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The increase in domestic streaming cost of revenues was primarily due to a $335.4 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. The increase in international revenues was due to the 57% growth in the average number of paid international memberships and a 4% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. We have demonstrated our ability to grow domestic streaming contribution margin as evidenced by the increase in contribution margin from 17% in 2012 to 36% in 2016. Our domestic streaming segment had a contribution margin of 36% for the year ended December 31, 2016, which increased as compared to the contribution margin of 33% for the year ended December 31, 2015 due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which continued to outpace content and marketing spending. The increase in our international cost of revenues was primarily due to a $998.5 million increase in content expenses relating to our existing and new streaming content, including more exclusive and original programming. Our ability to obtain any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, financial condition, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We expect to significantly increase our investments in global streaming content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity and may result in future negative free cash flows even after we achieve material global profitability. We believe that cash flows from operations, together with available funds and access to financing sources, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next twelve months. Our business model is subscription-based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Therefore, content assets, both licensed and produced, are reviewed in aggregate at the operating segment level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness or that the fair value may be less than amortized cost. We allocate this content between the domestic and international segments based on estimated fair market value. Our primary uses of cash include the acquisition, licensing, and production of content, streaming delivery, marketing programs, and personnel-related costs. We have built our own global content delivery network ("Open Connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. The increase in technology and development expenses was primarily due to a $162.3 million increase in personnel-related costs resulting from an increase in compensation for existing employees and a 20% growth in average headcount supporting continued improvements in our streaming service and our international expansion. Our domestic DVD segment had a contribution margin of 52% for the year ended December 31, 2016, up from 50% for the year ended December 31, 2015 due to the decrease in DVD usage by paying members. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to a $148.9 million increase in personnel-related costs, including stock-based compensation expense, resulting from a 39% increase in average headcount primarily to support our international expansion and increased production of original content. We believe international revenues would have been approximately $331 million higher in 2015 if foreign exchange rates had remained consistent with those for the year ended December 31, 2014. The increase in international contribution losses decreased $24.9 million year over year due to growth in paid memberships and revenue, which outpaced the growth in marketing spending.