We are one of the nation's premier transportation companies. Our Norfolk Southern Railway Company subsidiary operates approximately 19,500 miles of road in 22 states and the District of Columbia, serves every major container port in the eastern United States, and provides efficient connections to other rail carriers. We operate the most extensive intermodal network in the east and are a major transporter of coal, automotive, and industrial products. Our 2016 results reflect our progress and commitment to achieving the goals set forth in our strategic plan. Through a disciplined cost-control focus, we achieved a record-setting railway operating ratio of 68.9% and delivered approximately $250 million of productivity savings, despite the economic challenges that continue to affect our industry. Operational improvements allowed us to maintain near all-time best service levels and achieve high levels of network fluidity, which improved train performance and asset utilization. We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan and remain committed to maintaining our strong levels of rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources. The increase in net income for 2016 was driven by higher income from railway operations, as railway operating expense decreases more than offset declines in railway operating revenues. The decrease in net income for 2015 reflected lower income from railway operations, driven by a sharp decline in railway operating revenues offset in part by lower railway operating expenses. The 2015 results include costs associated with the restructuring of our Triple Crown Services subsidiary and the closure of our Roanoke, Virginia corporate office. We expect to maintain high levels of service and see continued improvement in our operating ratio. We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan and remain committed to maintaining our strong levels of rail service, generating higher returns on capital, and increasing the efficiency of our resources. We experienced decreases across all categories driven largely from cost-control initiatives, lower fuel expense, and service improvements. We anticipate that cost-control initiatives will keep employment levels flat notwithstanding expected volume increases. The 2016 decrease in purchased services expense reflected lower operational costs, reduced repair and maintenance expenses, and decreased transportation activity costs. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. We regularly review these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in the business environment, and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. We are subject to various jurisdictions' environmental laws and regulations. We record a liability where such liability or loss is probable and its amount can be estimated reasonably. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. We have budgeted $1.9 billion for property additions, which includes investments in facilities and terminals anticipated to add capacity to our intermodal network and upgrades to our mechanical service shops. For 2017, we expect higher domestic volumes driven from continued highway conversions and growth associated with new and existing customers. Our employment averaged 28,044 in 2016, compared with 30,456 in 2015. We expect higher compensation and benefit expenses, a result of wage increases, medical cost inflation, and higher levels of incentive compensation.