The execution of these capital investments aligns with oneok partners' strategy to generate consistent growth and sustainable earnings through long-term fee-based projects. We continue to expect demand for midstream services and infrastructure development to be primarily driven by producers who need to connect production with end-use markets where current infrastructure is insufficient or nonexistent. The natural gas gathering and processing segment is investing in growth projects in ngl-rich areas, including the bakken shale and three forks formations in the williston basin and the stack and scoop areas of the anadarko basin, that oneok partners expects will enable it to meet the needs of crude oil and natural gas producers in those areas. These projects expand oneok partners' natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas liquids gathering infrastructure in the williston basin to capture natural gas from new wells and natural gas previously flared by producers. We believe that its available credit and cash and cash equivalents are adequate to meet liquidity requirements associated with commodity price volatility. Oneok partners may access the capital markets to issue debt or equity securities in 2017 as it considers prudent to provide liquidity for new capital projects, to refinance existing debt, to maintain investment-grade credit ratings or for other partnership purposes. Oneok partners' ability to continue to access capital markets for debt and equity financing under reasonable terms depends on its financial condition, credit ratings and market conditions. We expect these sources of cash flow to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations and quarterly cash dividends. The development of shale and other resource areas has continued to increase available natural gas supply resulting in narrower location and seasonal price differentials. We expect oneok partners' fee-based earnings in this segment to increase in connection with the completion of the westex pipeline expansion. The ability to obtain the requisite approvals from our shareholders or oneok partners' unitholders relating to the merger transaction may affect our operations. The risk that cost savings, tax benefits and any other synergies from the merger transaction may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected could impact organizational resilience. The impact and outcome of pending and future litigation, including litigation relating to the merger transaction, may also affect operational continuity. The mechanical integrity of facilities operated and the timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects are critical for maintaining operational effectiveness. We expect to have access to a significantly larger credit facility following the completion of the merger transaction with oneok partners, which will enhance our financial resilience. The ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant and equipment and regulatory assets in our state and ferc-regulated rates is essential for sustaining organizational health. The risk of a prolonged slowdown in growth or decline in the united states or international economies, including liquidity risks in united states or foreign credit markets, could challenge our adaptability. We believe oneok partners has secured sufficient access to the financial resources and liquidity necessary to meet its requirements for working capital, debt service payments and capital expenditures. The impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates, equity markets, inflation rates, economic recession and other external factors over which we have no control could also affect our organizational resilience.