In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including key events and recent developments within our company. We have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences, and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance. We believe the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, the number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age, and unemployment. The increase in average age can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains and interiors and exteriors, and the consumer's willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. As the average age of the vehicle on the road increases, a larger percentage of miles are being driven by vehicles that are outside of a manufacturer warranty, generating strong demand for automotive aftermarket products. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O'Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. The increase in our DIY customer transaction counts benefited from our continued focus on ensuring our stores are staffed with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our DIY customers during high DIY traffic periods. The increase in our professional service provider customer transaction counts benefited from the continued growth of our less mature markets and our better parts and service availability. Our comparable store sales increase for the year ended December 31, 2016, was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts from both our DIY and professional service provider customers. The improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. We opened 210 net new stores and acquired 48 Bond stores during the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to opening 205 net new stores for the year ended December 31, 2015. We anticipate new store growth will be 190 net new store openings in 2017, slightly below the 2016 net new store openings, due to the resources necessary to convert the acquired 48 Bond stores to our systems, inventory selection, and décor packages during 2017. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain existing stores, and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock. The primary sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. Decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns could negatively impact our ability to generate funds from operations. We believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. We have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and, accordingly, have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. We also record a reserve to reduce the carrying value of our perpetual inventory to account for quantities in our perpetual records above the actual existing quantities on hand caused by unrecorded shrink. Our calculation of self-insurance liabilities requires management to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date.