We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; solid sales execution; providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services; continued service penetration; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our financial results for fiscal 2016 reflected sustained growth in our business, driven by growth in client base and revenue per check. Our payroll client base grew 2% in fiscal 2016 to approximately 605,000 clients, resulting from solid sales execution and client retention results in excess of 82% of the beginning of the fiscal year client base. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. In fiscal 2016, we made significant enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform, which is our cloud-based HCM solution. We believe this leading-edge technology, along with our flexible service options, positively impacted our performance in the mid-market space. Our full-service Paychex employer shared responsibility ("ESR") services continued to show strong market acceptance and growth in fiscal 2016. The Affordable Care Act ("ACA") sets forth specific coverage and reporting requirements that employers must meet. Paychex ESR services help clients navigate the complexities of those requirements, avoid steep fines and penalties, and reduce ACA-related administrative work. We are managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. Our investment strategy continues to focus on protecting principal and optimizing liquidity. We believe that our investments as of May 31, 2016, were not other-than-temporarily impaired, nor has any event occurred subsequent to that date that would indicate any other-than-temporary impairment. Our primary source of cash is our ongoing operations. Cash flow from operations exceeded $1.0 billion for the first time for fiscal 2016. Our positive operating cash flows for fiscal 2016 allowed us to support our business growth and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. The fluctuations in our operating assets and liabilities between all periods were primarily related to the timing of collections from clients and payments for compensation, PEO payroll, income tax, and other liabilities. We continue to experience strong demand for our Paychex HR services, our largest HR revenue stream, as evidenced by the continued double-digit growth in client worksite employees. The increases in total expenses were driven largely by growth in compensation-related expenses. We believe these investments are critical to our success and will enhance our organizational resilience, enabling us to maintain positive adjustment under challenging conditions.