Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission projects that focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. We also continue to make investments to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program that was approved by the BPU in 2014. We have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including maintaining and expanding a reliable generation fleet with the flexibility to utilize a diverse mix of fuels, which allows us to respond to market volatility and capitalize on opportunities as they arise. Our investments in transmission infrastructure projects and the execution of our energy strong program are aimed at enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Flexibility in our generating fleet has allowed us to take advantage of opportunities in a rapidly evolving market as we remain diligent in managing costs. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements. We advocate for measures to ensure the implementation by PJM and FERC of market design and transmission planning rules that continue to promote fair and efficient electricity markets. Our strategic options available to us include the acquisition, construction, or disposition of transmission and distribution facilities and/or generation units, the expansion of our geographic footprint, and investments in capital improvements and additions, including the installation of environmental upgrades and retrofits, improvements to system resiliency, and modernization of existing infrastructure. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value. The execution of any such strategic plan may not have the expected benefits or may have unexpected adverse consequences. Our business plan reflects a multi-year, long-term approach to managing our company. We continue to monitor our other coal assets to ensure their economic viability through the end of their designated useful lives and their continued classification as held for use. Our investments in infrastructure modernization and our energy strong program are designed to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience in the face of environmental perturbations and market volatility.