We believe the quality and scale of our global operating portfolio, the expertise of our team, and the strength of our balance sheet give us unique competitive advantages. Our plan to grow revenues, earnings, cash flows, and funds from operations is based on the expectation of market rent growth driven by demand for the location and quality of our properties. We estimate that our leases are more than 10% below market, which translates into increased future earnings when renewed. We have experienced positive rent changes on rollovers every quarter since 2013, which we expect to continue. A successful development program involves maintaining control of well-positioned land, and our owned and managed land bank has the potential to support significant development. We believe the carrying value of our land bank is below its current fair value, and we expect to realize this value through development. We have invested in technologies that have allowed us to achieve efficiencies and increase our investments in real estate with minimal increases to general and administrative expenses. We have increased our owned and managed real estate assets significantly over the last two years, primarily through acquisitions, integrating these assets with minimal increases in overhead. The operating fundamentals in our markets continue to improve, positively affecting rental rates and occupancy, which fuels development activity. Our ability to generate cash from operating activities and distributions from our co-investment ventures is adequate to meet anticipated future development and operational requirements. We expect our primary cash needs to consist of completing development projects, acquiring land, capital expenditures, and repaying debt. We have a strong liquidity position, with significant unrestricted cash balances and available borrowing capacity. Our debt management strategies include amending our credit facilities to increase borrowing capacity and refinancing maturing debt. We recognize the importance of maintaining operational flexibility and resilience in response to market conditions and disruptions. Our strategic initiatives focus on enhancing decision-making through advanced data analysis and leveraging our operational resources to streamline operations. We have maintained high occupancy rates across our portfolio, and our leasing activity reflects strong customer retention. Our approach to managing our business on an owned and managed basis allows us to understand the full impact on our financial statements, ensuring both operational effectiveness and resilience in the face of external pressures. We continuously assess our performance through non-GAAP measures, which help us understand the core operations of our business. Our commitment to organizational resilience is reflected in our ability to adapt to changing market conditions, manage risks effectively, and maintain a focus on long-term growth and sustainability. We believe that our strategies for resource allocation, operational management, and inter-organizational collaboration position us favorably to confront future challenges and capitalize on opportunities for success.