We manage our business in four segments: European Union; Eastern Europe, Middle East & Africa ("EEMA"); Asia; and Latin America & Canada. Our products are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. Our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. In addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("RRPs"). We have a range of RRPs in various stages of development, scientific assessment, and commercialization. Our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates, and the mix of products we sell. The mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets. Our cost of sales consists principally of tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor, and manufacturing costs. Our marketing, administration, and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. The most significant components of our marketing, administration, and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses. As a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our principal wholly owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock. During 2015, we recorded pre-tax asset impairment and exit costs related to severance costs for the organizational restructuring in the European Union segment. The increase in diluted EPS from our operations was due primarily to higher pricing and lower marketing, administration, and research costs, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix across various segments. This forecast reflects net revenue growth, excluding excise taxes, in excess of our current annual growth target range, excluding currency and acquisitions. The factors described in item 1A risk factors represent continuing risks to this forecast. Our effective income tax rate for 2016 decreased by 0.1 percentage point. The unfavorable currency impact during 2016 results from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The favorable impact of interest was due primarily to lower effective interest rates on debt and higher interest income. The changes in our reported diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2016, reflect various operational factors, including higher pricing and lower costs in multiple segments, which contribute to our overall performance under pressure. This trajectory model of organizational resilience focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure the trajectories toward the ensuing future, emphasizing our ability to adapt and maintain performance amidst environmental disruptions.