Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. We plan on growing organically, as well as through the acquisition and development of additional facilities. We believe that our real estate development activities are beneficial to our business operations over the long run. However, in the short run, development activities dilute our earnings due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed and redeveloped storage facilities and reach a stabilized level of cash flows offset by the cost of capital to fund the development cost, combined with related overhead expenses flowing through general and administrative expense. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of future development may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. We are taking a number of actions to improve demand into our system, including increasing marketing spend on the internet and television, and reducing rental rates and increasing promotional discounts to new tenants. Even if these actions are successful in improving demand into our system, in at least the near term, we believe these actions will have a negative impact on our revenue trends due to decelerating rental rate increases and increased promotional discounts. Our capital resources over the next year are expected to be approximately $918.5 million which exceeds our current planned capital needs over the next year of approximately $458.0 million. Our capital resources include cash, available borrowing capacity on our revolving line of credit, and expected retained operating cash flow for the next twelve months. Our planned capital needs over the next year consist of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, property acquisitions currently under contract, and principal repayments on existing debt. We may also redeem outstanding preferred securities or repurchase shares of our common stock in the future. Our evaluation that we have met the REIT requirements could be incorrect, because compliance with the tax rules requires factual determinations, and circumstances we have not identified could result in noncompliance with the tax requirements in current or prior years. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for us to fully achieve the higher net operating income, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We expect the non-same store facilities to continue to provide increased net operating income in 2017 as these facilities approach stabilized occupancy levels. We expect to continue to seek additional projects; however, the level of future development and redevelopment may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities.