We are a leading provider of specialty contracting services, offering infrastructure solutions primarily to the electric power and oil and gas industries. Our integrated operations and common administrative support at each of our operating units require that certain allocations, including allocations of shared and indirect costs, be made to determine operating segment profitability. Our financial performance is influenced by demand for our services and operating margins but can also be influenced by working capital needs associated with various types of services. We recognize revenue on our unit price and cost-plus contracts as units are completed or services are performed, reflecting our operational flexibility and adaptability in response to customer needs. Our industry can be highly cyclical, and our volume of business may be adversely affected by declines or delays in new projects due to cyclicality, which may vary by geographic region. We have developed strong strategic alliances with numerous customers and strive to maintain our status as a preferred vendor, which enhances our competitive advantage and organizational resilience. 

We anticipate that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, existing borrowing capacity under our credit facility, and our future cash flows from operations will provide sufficient funds to enable us to meet our future operating needs and our planned capital expenditures. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect the need for substantial capital expenditures to continue into the foreseeable future to meet anticipated demand for our services. We continue to focus on the elements of the business that are largely within our control, including costs, the margins we accept on projects, collecting receivables, ensuring quality service, and safely executing on the projects we are awarded. 

We believe that our comprehensive services, industry knowledge, and experience in the design, installation, and maintenance of renewable energy facilities will enable us to support our customers' renewable energy efforts. The significant improvement in access to natural gas resources from unconventional shale formations has dramatically increased the near- and long-term supply of natural gas in North America, which is expected to create additional pipeline infrastructure needs. Our operational management strategies include maintaining a portion of our workforce and equipment in an underutilized capacity to ensure we are strategically positioned to deliver on larger, more complicated projects when they move forward. 

We are also experiencing an increase in demand for our natural gas distribution services as a result of improved economic conditions, lower natural gas prices, and a significant need to upgrade and replace aging infrastructure. We believe that our financial strength, entrepreneurial operating model, and experienced management team are attractive to acquisition candidates, which will further enhance our organizational capabilities. Our ability to selectively partner with customers to provide financing solutions could help facilitate the development of energy infrastructure projects and potentially create construction backlog for us. 

Overall, we believe there are growth opportunities across all the industries we serve and continue to have a positive long-term outlook, despite the challenges posed by regulatory environments and market volatility.