We are a fully integrated biopharmaceutical company that discovers, invents, develops, manufactures, and commercializes medicines for the treatment of serious medical conditions. The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing Eylea. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a significant portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We prepare estimates of research and development costs for projects in clinical development, which include direct costs and allocations of certain costs such as indirect labor, non-cash compensation expense, and manufacturing and other costs related to activities that benefit multiple projects. Our estimates of research and development costs for clinical development programs are subject to variability and uncertainties related to safety and efficacy data from each phase of drug development, changes in regulatory requirements, and changes in the competitive landscape affecting a product candidate. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, and the duration and results of clinical trials underway. In addition, we anticipate incurring substantial commercialization costs in connection with our late-stage antibody product candidates. The payment of various amounts upon the achievement of development and commercial milestones is contingent upon the occurrence of future events, which have a high degree of uncertainty. Under our antibody and immuno-oncology collaborations with Sanofi and our collaboration with Bayer for Eylea outside the United States, we share profits and losses in connection with commercialization of drug products. If the applicable collaboration is profitable, we have contingent contractual obligations to reimburse our collaborators for a defined percentage of agreed-upon development expenses funded by them. We believe that our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, and funds generated by anticipated Eylea net product sales will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. The amount we need to fund operations will depend on various factors including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates, and the continuation, extent, and success of our collaborations.