Our primary objective is to pursue and refine our existing off-price strategies to maintain and improve both profitability and financial returns over the long term. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Although our strategies and store expansion program contributed to sales gains in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, we cannot be sure that they will result in a continuation of sales growth or in an increase in net earnings. We intend to address the competitive climate for off-price apparel and home goods by pursuing and refining our existing strategies and by continuing to strengthen our organization, diversify our merchandise mix, and more fully develop our systems to improve regional and local merchandise offerings. Our expansion strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. We regularly review the age and condition of our merchandise and are able to maintain current merchandise inventory in our stores through replenishment processes and liquidation of slower-moving merchandise through clearance markdowns. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 was primarily driven by higher earnings, the timing of receipts and related payments versus last year, and by higher income taxes payable. We expect to continue to take advantage of packaway inventory opportunities to maximize our ability to deliver bargains to our customers. We have a $97.5 million liability for unrecognized tax benefits that is included in other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Our capital expenditures include costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers, open new stores and improve existing stores, and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. The timing of the release of packaway inventory to our stores is principally driven by the product mix and seasonality of the merchandise, and its relation to our store merchandise assortment plans. We anticipate that our effective tax rate for fiscal 2017 will be between 37% and 38%. We regularly review the adequacy of credit available to us from all sources and expect to be able to maintain adequate trade credit, bank lines, and other credit sources to meet our capital and liquidity requirements, including lease payment obligations, in 2017. Our liquidity and capital requirements were provided by available cash and cash flows from operations and in fiscal 2014, the issuance of our unsecured 3.375% senior notes due September 2024. We repurchased 11.6 million, 13.7 million, and 14.8 million shares of common stock for aggregate purchase prices of approximately $700 million, $700 million, and $550 million in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. We estimate that existing cash balances, cash flows from operations, bank credit lines, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating cash needs and to fund our planned capital investments, common stock repurchases, and quarterly dividend payments for at least the next twelve months. Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 were approximately 37%, 37%, and 38%, respectively. We cannot be sure that the gross profit margins realized in fiscal 2016, 2015, and 2014 will continue in future years. Our merchandise inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The shortage reserve is based on historical shortage rates as evaluated through our annual physical merchandise inventory counts and cycle counts. If actual market conditions, markdowns, or shortage are less favorable than those projected by us, or if sales of the merchandise inventory are more difficult than anticipated, additional merchandise inventory write-downs may be required.