We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. During 2016, we incurred $40.7 million of restructuring charges that consisted of severance and other employee termination benefits, relocation benefits, and the closure of offices with lease agreements with non-cancelable terms. We expect to incur additional charges of approximately $15 million over the next year related to our field realignment, the consolidation of our customer service locations, and the redesign of our back-office functions. The savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which are not measures determined in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP), provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We have incurred comparable charges and costs in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We believe that presenting free cash flow provides useful information regarding our recurring cash provided by operating activities after expenditures for property and equipment, which demonstrates our ability to execute our financial strategy, including reinvesting in existing capital assets to ensure a high level of customer service, investing in capital assets to facilitate growth in our customer base and services provided, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, and minimizing debt. Our liquidity and capital resources are supported by cash flows from operations, which we use to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments, share repurchases, and debt repayments. We expect to primarily use cash for consideration paid for future business acquisitions. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. We perform a comprehensive review of our environmental obligations annually and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. Our estimates of the total future costs required to cap, close, and monitor each landfill as specified by the landfill permit are updated annually. The estimates include inflation, the specific timing of future cash outflows, and the anticipated waste flow into the capping events. We believe that our excess cash, cash from operating activities, and our availability to draw from our credit facilities provide us with sufficient financial resources to meet our anticipated capital requirements and maturing obligations as they come due. We may also explore opportunities in the capital markets to fund redemptions should market conditions be favorable. We recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions within the provision for income taxes in our consolidated statements of income. We adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available.