Starbucks results for fiscal 2016 continued to demonstrate the strength of our global business model and our ability to successfully make disciplined investments in our business and our partners. Our net revenues grew 11% over fiscal 2015, and consolidated operating margin expanded 80 basis points from 18.8% in fiscal 2015 to 19.6% in fiscal 2016, largely driven by sales leverage and lower commodity costs, partially offset by investments in our partners and digital platforms. The Americas segment continued to perform well in fiscal 2016, with revenues growing 11% to $14.8 billion, primarily driven by comparable store sales growth of 6%, comprised of a 5% increase in average ticket and a 1% increase in the number of transactions, incremental revenues from 804 net new store openings over the last 12 months, and the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016. Growth in our iced beverages, including coffee, tea, and espresso, paired with beverage innovation and the success of our food offerings, drove the increase in comparable store sales. Our fiscal 2016 China/Asia Pacific segment results reflected higher revenues from the opening of 981 net new stores over the past year, incremental revenues associated with the ownership change in Starbucks Japan, a 3% increase in comparable store sales, and the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016. Operating margin expanded 60 basis points to 21.5%, driven by sales leverage, higher income from our joint venture operations, and favorability from changes to certain business tax structures in China. This favorability was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency translation and the impact of our ownership change in Starbucks Japan. As we continue to execute our strategy of achieving the appropriate balance between company-operated and licensed stores, our EMEA segment revenues declined 8% to $1.1 billion in fiscal 2016 compared to a year ago. The decline in revenues was primarily driven by lower company-operated store revenues due to the shift to more licensed stores in the region and unfavorable foreign currency translation. The channel development segment revenues grew 12% to $1.9 billion in fiscal 2016, primarily due to higher sales of premium single-serve products, driven by sales of Starbucks® K-Cup® portion packs, the impact of the extra week in fiscal 2016, and increased foodservice and packaged coffee sales. Operating margin increased 400 basis points to 41.8%, primarily driven by strong performance from our North American coffee partnership joint venture, lower coffee costs, and leverage on cost of sales. We expect continued strength in our revenue, operating margin, and earnings per share results in comparison to fiscal 2016, driven by our seven strategies for growth, which include being the employer of choice, elevating coffee, growing the store portfolio, creating new customer occasions, driving at-home coffee share and occasions, building Teavana through Starbucks and CPG, and extending digital engagement. We plan to expand our footprint by opening new stores and enhancing the mix and types of stores in our portfolio. Additionally, we expect to continue investing in our partners and digital platforms, which provide enhanced wages and benefits and focus on mobile and loyalty programs. These investments further demonstrate the importance of and value creation realized from these efforts, reflecting our commitment to organizational resilience through strategic initiatives and operational flexibility in response to market demands.