The company's financial results are highly correlated to the general overall strength of economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the U.S. equity and fixed income markets, interest rates, and residential credit trends. The company has established liquidity policies to support the successful execution of its business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet its operational needs and satisfy applicable regulatory requirements under both normal and stress conditions. To minimize business interruptions, the company maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. The company's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resiliency of its critical business functions and technology systems. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. The risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The company continuously monitors the systems and works collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. The company has designed and implemented an information security program that knits together complementary tools, controls, and technologies to protect systems, client accounts, and data. The company's business activities expose it to a variety of risks, including operational, credit, market, liquidity, and compliance risk. The company has established policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, using periodic risk and control self-assessments, control testing programs, and internal audit reviews to evaluate the effectiveness of these internal controls. The company has adopted a policy to remain well capitalized even in stressed scenarios to ensure that it has a sufficient amount of capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values. The company conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. The company's capital contingency plan is designed to provide a framework for responding to any capital stress. The company has established limits and contingency funding scenarios to support liquidity levels during both expected and stressed scenarios. The company employs a variety of methodologies to monitor and manage liquidity, conducting regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures. The company has positioned itself to benefit from an increase in interest rates by managing the duration of interest-earning assets to be shorter than that of interest-bearing liabilities. The company actively manages its consolidated balance sheet and interest rate exposure, ensuring that it can respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations. The company's ability to attract and retain clients, develop trusted relationships, and grow client assets is critical to its organizational resilience. The company maintains a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered in its business activities, reinforcing accountability for risk management and supporting resource prioritization across the organization.