The transaction enables the creation of technology-driven growth by integrating Schlumberger reservoir and well technology with Cameron wellhead and surface equipment, flow control and processing technology. Given two successive years of investment cuts, oil supply growth slowed significantly despite record OPEC production. However, robust global demand enabled the oil markets to tighten and draw down on the vast accumulation of crude and product stocks by mid-year. Schlumberger has navigated the commercial landscape by balancing pricing concessions and market share and also by proactively removing significant costs through workforce reductions, internal efficiency improvements, and strong supply chain management. As a result, Schlumberger has delivered superior financial results by maintaining pretax operating margins well above 10% and delivering sufficient free cash flow to cover a range of strategic capital investments, as well as ongoing dividend commitments. After nine quarters of unprecedented activity decline, the business environment stabilized in the third quarter of 2016, and revenue increased slightly in the fourth quarter, suggesting that the bottom of this cycle has been reached. Schlumberger expects the growth in E&P investments in 2017 to be led initially by land operators in North America. E&P spending surveys currently indicate that 2017 E&P investments in North America will increase by approximately 30%, which should lead to both higher activity and a recovery in service industry pricing. Schlumberger expects the 2017 recovery in the international markets to proceed more slowly than in North America. This will likely lead to a third successive year of underinvestment, with a continued low rate of new project approvals and an accelerating production decline in the aging production base. These factors taken together are increasing the likelihood of a significant supply deficit in the medium term, which can only be avoided by a broad-based global increase in E&P spending, which is expected to start unfolding in the later parts of 2017 and leading into 2018. Schlumberger's financial performance in 2016 was severely impacted by the significant decrease in land-based activity, particularly in North America where the average land rig count dropped 46% as compared to the previous year. Supply overcapacity in the land market remained high for most of 2016, resulting in pricing pressure across a broad range of oilfield services. Revenue in the Europe, CIS & Africa area decreased due to lower demand for exploration and development-related products and services as E&P budgets were reduced, particularly in Sub-Saharan Africa. In Latin America, revenue declined due to customer budget constraints across the area and, more specifically, in Venezuela where operations were scaled back to align with collections. Schlumberger continues to experience delays in payment from its national oil company customer in Venezuela. Schlumberger operates in more than 85 countries. At December 31, 2016, only five of those countries individually accounted for greater than 5% of Schlumberger's accounts receivable balances, of which only three (the United States, Ecuador, and Venezuela) accounted for greater than 10%. Schlumberger believes that these amounts are sufficient to meet future business requirements for at least the next 12 months. The total outstanding commercial paper borrowings were $2.571 billion as of December 31, 2016. Schlumberger's net receivable balance in Venezuela as of December 31, 2016, was approximately $1.2 billion. Although accounts receivable collections improved during the fourth quarter of 2016, Schlumberger continues to experience payment delays from many of its customers, attributable to the impact of lower oil and gas prices on the industry.