Despite global economic uncertainty, we have maintained profitability and positive cash flow on an annual basis in recent years. We achieved these results not only because of our solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships, but also because of our time-based revenue business model. Our growth strategy is based on building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, and driving growth in the software quality and security market. As we continue to expand our product portfolio and our total addressable market, we may experience increased variability in our revenue, though we generally expect time-based revenue to continue to represent approximately 90% of our total revenue. Our business outlook remains solid based on our leading technologies, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management, and acquisition strategy. Our revenues are subject to fluctuations, primarily due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. We experience variability in our revenue due to factors such as the timing of IP consulting projects, royalties, variability in hardware sales, and due to certain contracts where revenue is recognized when customer installment payments are due. We believe that these factors will help us continue to execute our strategies successfully. Our customer arrangements are complex, involving hundreds of products and various license rights, and our customers bargain with us over many aspects of these arrangements. Customers generally negotiate the total value of the arrangement rather than just unit pricing or volumes. The overall growth of our business has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue. We derive time-based products revenue largely from TSL orders received and delivered in prior quarters and to a smaller extent from contracts in which revenue is recognized as customer installments become due and payable and from contingent revenue arrangements. We proactively manage our cash equivalents and short-term investments balances and closely monitor our capital and stock repurchase expenditures to ensure ample liquidity. Our available-for-sale securities as of October 31, 2016, consisted of investment-grade U.S. government agency securities, asset-backed securities, corporate debt securities, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, money market funds, and others. We follow an established investment policy and set of guidelines to monitor, manage, and limit our exposure to interest rate and credit risk. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. We allocate certain human resource programs, information technology, and facility expenses among our functional income statement categories based on headcount within each functional area. Annually, or upon a significant change in headcount or other factors, management reviews the allocation methodology and expenses included in the allocation pool. We believe that these practices contribute to our organizational resilience, enabling us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs while maintaining operational continuity and performance. Our strategic initiatives and focus on customer relationships are designed to enhance our organizational capabilities and ensure we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions.