The company has insurance operations in Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland, as well as in Brazil, primarily through a joint venture. The liquidity requirements of the company's insurance subsidiaries are met primarily by funds generated from premiums, fees, income received on investments, and investment maturities. Cash provided from these sources is used primarily for claims and claim adjustment expense payments and operating expenses. The insurance subsidiaries' liquidity requirements can be impacted by the timing and amount of catastrophe claims, which are inherently unpredictable, as well as the timing and amount of reinsurance recoveries, which may be affected by reinsurer solvency and reinsurance coverage disputes. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and, when necessary, calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company considers historical loss experience, recent events, underwriting practices, market share analyses, external scientific analysis, and various other factors including non-modeled losses to refine its proprietary view of catastrophe risk. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company has entered into a reinsurance contract in connection with a catastrophe bond issued by Long Point Re III. This contract meets the requirements to be accounted for as reinsurance in accordance with guidance for accounting for reinsurance contracts. The company employs dedicated specialists and aggressive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. The company believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based upon known facts, current law, and management's judgment. However, the uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue, and it is difficult to determine the ultimate exposure for asbestos and environmental claims and related litigation. The company has significant discretion in making contributions above those necessary to satisfy the minimum funding requirements. The company's investment strategy is to purchase CMO tranches that are expected to offer the most favorable return given the company's assessment of associated risks. The company's overall strategy is to achieve a mix of approximately 85% to 90% of investments for long-term growth and 10% to 15% for near-term benefit payments with a diversification of asset types, fund strategies, and fund managers. The company regularly reviews emerging issues, including changing climate conditions, to consider potential changes to its modeling and the use of such modeling, as well as to help determine the need for new underwriting strategies, coverage modifications, or new products. The company expects retention levels will remain strong by historical standards during 2017. The company expects underlying underwriting margins and the underlying combined ratio during 2017 will be broadly consistent with those in 2016, reflecting the impact of loss trends in excess of earned pricing, largely offset by lower levels of non-catastrophe weather-related losses. The company believes it has a strong capital position and, as part of its ongoing efforts to create shareholder value, expects to continue to return capital not needed to support its business operations to its shareholders. The company continues to receive notices from policyholders tendering claims for the first time, frequently under policies issued prior to the mid-1980s. The company has seen a reduction in the overall risk associated with these lawsuits, but it remains difficult to predict the ultimate cost of these claims. The company continues to study the implications of these and other developments.