The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We achieved our best ever reportable personal injury incidents per 200,000 employee-hours of 0.75, demonstrating our employees' dedication to our safety initiatives and our efforts to engage the workforce through programs such as courage to care, total safety culture, and up way, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, training, and employee engagement. In 2017, we will continue to align resources with customer demand, maintain an efficient network, and ensure surge capability with our assets. Economic conditions in many of our market sectors continue to drive uncertainty with respect to our volume levels. We expect volume to grow in the low single-digit range in 2017 compared to 2016, but it will depend on the overall economy and market conditions. Our operating ratio increased 0.4 points to 63.5% in 2016 compared to 2015, as core price improvements, network efficiencies, and productivity gains were more than offset by the impact of lower volume, inflation, and other costs. We expect continued margin improvement driven by continued pricing opportunities, ongoing productivity initiatives, and the ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.1 billion, which may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We will continue to invest in our network and terminals where appropriate, balancing terminal capacity with mainline capacity. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, enhancing the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency, and make investments that meet customer demand. We maintain adequate resources and have access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements, alongside sufficient financial capacity to satisfy our current liabilities. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability. We expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, and we have identified sites at which we may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination. Our environmental liability includes future costs for remediation and restoration of sites, as well as ongoing monitoring costs. We continually monitor the estimated service lives of our assets and the accumulated depreciation associated with each asset class to ensure our depreciation rates are appropriate. We perform depreciation studies at least every three years for equipment and every six years for track assets, taking into account factors such as historical patterns of use and retirements, expected changes in operations, and technological advances. Our personal injury liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments. We offer a comprehensive variety of services and rehabilitation programs for employees who are injured at work.