Our company's goals are targeted at serving our customers, our employees, the environment, the communities in which we work, and our stockholders. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. We remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our core strategy of focused differentiation and continuous improvement, taking into account economic conditions, the regulatory environment, asset and resource availability, and current technology. We believe that focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets, will deliver profitable growth and competitive advantages. Simultaneously, we believe the combination of cost control, process improvement, and operational efficiency will deliver on the company's strategy of continuous improvement and yield an attractive total cost structure and enhanced service quality. Our commitment to executing on our strategies of disciplined profitable volume growth and controlling costs has built a strong foundation to produce solid earnings and generate further growth. We continuously monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity, and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities. We focus on improving the utilization of airspace through efforts that include optimizing the placement of daily cover materials and increasing initial compaction through improved landfill equipment, operations, and training. Our strategy includes monitoring emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value and related market dynamics, with current attention on improving existing diversion technologies, such as our recycling operations. We believe that execution of our strategy will deliver shareholder value and leadership in a dynamic industry. The increase in our capital expenditures is generally the result of additional spending on new business opportunities and acquisitions, growth in our existing business, and asset replacement timing. We continue to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management, which supports our operational flexibility and adaptability in the face of environmental perturbations. Our results were affected by the recognition of pre-tax charges related to impairments and unusual items, which had a negative impact on our diluted earnings per share. We assess our long-lived assets for impairment as required under applicable accounting standards, and we monitor the carrying value of our long-lived assets for potential impairment on an ongoing basis. We believe that our methodology for estimating the fair value of our reporting units is reasonable, considering the economic and market conditions that generally affect our business. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet, which supports the company's continued focus on investing in our business, paying dividends, and pursuing attractive opportunities for strategic growth through acquisitions. Our operational management strategies include risk assessment and resource management to enhance organizational effectiveness and resilience in a turbulent market environment.