We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets, including the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Marcellus Shale, and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. The organizational changes announced in September 2016 aimed to simplify our structure, increase direct operational alignment to advance our natural gas-focused strategy, and drive continued focus on customer service and execution. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our business plan includes previously discussed asset monetizations, which are expected to yield after-tax proceeds of greater than $2.0 billion, facilitating a reduction of our parent-level debt and providing for dividend growth flexibility while retaining strategic and financing flexibility. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. The expansion of WPZ's interstate natural gas pipeline system through projects such as Rock Springs aims to meet the demand of growth markets. We anticipate our more significant uses of cash to be working capital requirements, maintenance and expansion capital and investment expenditures, interest on our long-term debt, and repayment of current debt maturities. Potential risks associated with our planned levels of liquidity include opposition to infrastructure projects, unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution, and counterparty credit and performance risk. We have various other guarantees and commitments which we do not believe will prevent us from meeting our liquidity needs. Our expected growth capital and investment expenditures total approximately $2.1 billion to $2.8 billion in 2017, with a significant portion allocated to transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities. The organizational practices we implement are designed to enhance our operational flexibility and adaptability in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations. We believe that our focus on fee-based businesses will reduce the influence of commodity price fluctuations on our operating results and cash flows, thereby enhancing our resilience strategies. Our commitment to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments, reflects our emphasis on performance maintenance and organizational effectiveness. We continue to monitor our equity-method investments for any indications that the carrying value may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value, which is critical for maintaining organizational health and resilience in a turbulent market environment.