our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result from our restructuring initiatives. actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement these initiatives, and the implementation of these initiatives may harm our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. the successful implementation of these initiatives has required us and will continue to require us to effect workforce reductions, business rationalizations, systems enhancements, business process outsourcing, business and asset dispositions and other actions, which depend on a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position, our businesses and results of operations may be adversely affected.
competition for employees in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. in addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes. losing any of our key people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees.
• sales of                                               anticipated organizational and business changes;
• negative                                    business and organizational changes without negatively impacting client impacts on customers, business partners and other stakeholders;                         relationships or our competitive position;
as part of our broad and on-going efforts to transform aig for long-term competitiveness, in the third quarter of 2015 we finalized a series of initiatives focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization, which are expected to result in pre-tax restructuring and other costs of approximately $0.7 billion, as well as generate pre-tax annualized savings of approximately $0.7 billion to $0.8 billion when fully implemented. results for 2015 include approximately $0.5 billion of pre-tax restructuring and other costs, composed of $0.3 billion of employee severance and one-time termination benefits, approximately $0.1 billion associated with the modernization of information technology platforms, and the balance relating to costs associated with consolidation of legal entities and exiting lower return lines of business. we expect the remaining $0.2 billion to be recognized through 2017, as well as approximately $0.3 billion of the aggregate pre-tax costs to result in cash expenditures.
general operating expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. in 2013, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense.
the general operating expense ratio decreased by 0.7 points in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, partially offset by higher technology-related expenses and an increase in bad debt expense. in 2013, general operating expenses benefitted from an unusually low bad debt expense.
general operating expenses increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily related to the expansion of the international life business through the acquisitions of aig life limited and laya healthcare. higher expenses from the international acquisitions were partially offset by domestic savings from organizational changes.
general operating expenses decreased in 2014 compared to 2013. excluding the effect of foreign exchange, general operating expenses remained flat, as efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives were offset by increased technology-related expenses.
the general operating expense ratio remained unchanged in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting the impact of efficiencies from organizational realignment initiatives, offset by increased technology-related expenses.
we recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. with multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning. for example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. in addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.