item 1a.   risk factors this report and other documents we file with the sec contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management's assumptions. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties facing our business. the risks described below are not the only ones facing us. our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events and international operations. further, additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may in the future materially and adversely affect our business, operations, liquidity and stock price.
our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures may affect our profitability.
sales of our principal products are dependent on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, including government healthcare programs and private insurance plans. governments and private payers continue to pursue aggressive initiatives to contain costs and manage drug utilization and are increasingly focused on the effectiveness, benefits and costs of similar treatments, which could result in lower reimbursement rates for our products or narrower populations for whom our products will be reimbursed by payers. public scrutiny of the price of drugs and other healthcare costs is increasing and more control over pricing could hurt our ability to price our products based upon their value.
a substantial portion of our u.s. business relies on reimbursement from the u.s. federal government healthcare programs and private insurance plans regulated by the u.s. federal government. (see item 1. business-reimbursement.) changes to u.s. federal reimbursement policy may come through legislative actions such as the aca or as a result of regulations implemented by the centers for medicare & medicaid services (cms), the federal agency responsible for administering medicare, medicaid and the health insurance marketplaces. cms has substantial power to quickly implement policy changes that can significantly affect how our products are covered and reimbursed. legislative or regulatory changes that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for our products, require that we pay increased rebates, limit our ability to offer patient co-pay payment assistance or limit the pricing of pharmaceutical products could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. private payers, including healthcare insurers, pbms and others, increasingly seek price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our products on their formularies or those they manage. consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted
in a few large insurers and pbms exerting greater pressure in pricing and usage negotiations with drug manufacturers. insurers and others are adopting benefit plan changes that shift a greater portion of prescription costs to patients, and some payers may attempt to limit the use of patient co-pay payment assistance programs. private payers also control costs by imposing restrictions on access to our products, such as requiring prior authorizations or step therapy, and may even choose to exclude coverage entirely. such discounts, rebates, plan changes, restrictions or exclusions could have a material adverse effect on sales of our affected products.
we also face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products to u.s. government healthcare programs. pricing data that we submit impacts the payment rates for providers, rebates we pay, and discounts we are required to provide under medicare, medicaid and other government drug programs. government price reporting regulations are complex and may require a manufacturer to update certain previously submitted data. our price reporting data calculations are reviewed on a monthly and quarterly basis, and based on such reviews we have on occasion restated previously reported pricing data to reflect changes in calculation methodology, reasonable assumptions and/or underlying data. if our submitted pricing data are incorrect, we may become subject to substantial fines and penalties or other government enforcement actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, as a result of restating previously reported price data we also may be required to pay additional rebates and provide additional discounts.
outside the united states, we expect that countries will continue to take aggressive actions to reduce their healthcare expenditures. (see item 1. business-reimbursement.) for example, international reference pricing (irp) is widely used by a large number of countries to control costs based on an external benchmark of a product's price in other countries. irp policies can quickly and frequently change and may not reflect differences in the burden of disease, indications, market structures, or affordability differences across countries or regions. any deterioration in the coverage and reimbursement available for our products or in the timeliness or certainty of payment by payers to physicians and other providers could negatively impact the ability or willingness of healthcare providers to prescribe our products for their patients or otherwise negatively affect the use of our products or the prices we receive for them. such changes could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
we operate in a highly competitive environment. (see item 1. business-competition.) we expect that our products will compete with new drugs currently in development, drugs currently approved for other indications that may later be approved for the same indications as those of our products and drugs approved for other indications that are used off-label. large pharmaceutical companies and generics manufacturers of pharmaceutical products are expanding into the biotechnology field, and some pharmaceutical companies and generics manufacturers have formed partnerships to pursue biosimilars. in addition, some of our competitors may have technical, competitive or other advantages over us for the development of technologies and processes or greater experience in particular therapeutic areas, and consolidation among pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can enhance such advantages. these advantages may make it difficult for us to compete with them to successfully discover, develop and market new products and for our current products to compete with new products or new product indications that they may bring to market. as a result, our products may compete against products that have lower prices, equivalent or superior performance, better safety profiles, are easier to administer, reach the market before our products or that are otherwise competitive with our products. if we are unable to compete effectively, this could reduce sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we currently face competition from biosimilars and expect to face increasing competition in the future.
we currently face competition from biosimilars in both europe and the united states, and we expect to face increasing biosimilar competition in the future. to the extent that governments adopt more permissive approval frameworks and competitors are able to obtain broader or expedited marketing approval for biosimilars, the rate of increased competition for our products could accelerate. expiration or successful challenge of applicable patent rights could trigger such competition, and we could face more litigation regarding the validity and/or scope of our patents. our products may also experience greater competition from lower-cost biosimilars or generics that come to market when branded products that compete with our products lose their own patent protection.
in the eu, the ec has granted marketing authorizations for biosimilars pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued in 2005. in addition, in an effort to spur biosimilar utilization and/or increase potential healthcare savings, some eu countries have adopted biosimilar uptake measures such as requiring physician prescribing quotas or promoting switching or pharmacy substitution of biosimilars for the corresponding reference products, and other countries may adopt similar measures. some eu countries may impose automatic price reductions upon market entry of the second or third biosimilar competitor.
in the united states, in 2010 the aca authorized the fda to approve biosimilars via a separate, abbreviated pathway. (see item 1. business-government regulation-regulation in the united states-approval of biosimilars.) the first biosimilar entrant into the u.s. market, zarxiotm, a biosimilar version of neupogen® from sandoz, was launched in the united states in 2015. in addition, a growing number of companies have announced that they are in varying stages of development of biosimilar versions of existing biotechnology products, including biosimilars that would compete with our products. some companies pursuing development of biosimilars versions of our products may challenge our patents well in advance of the expiration of our material patents. (see our intellectual property positions may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or we may fail to prevail in present and future intellectual property litigation.) for example, in june 2013, sandoz filed suit against us, seeking a declaratory judgment that the etanercept product it was developing as a biosimilar to enbrel did not infringe certain of our patents, and that those patents were also invalid and unenforceable. while that suit was dismissed for lack of subject matter jurisdiction as sandoz had not yet filed a marketing application with the fda, sandoz subsequently announced that its marketing application has now been accepted for review by the fda. (for information related to our other biosimilars patent litigation, see part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.) the u.s. pathway includes the option for biosimilar products meeting certain criteria to be approved as interchangeable with their reference products. some companies currently developing biosimilars may seek to register their products as interchangeable biologics, which could make it easier for prescribers or pharmacists to substitute those biosimilars for our products. in addition, critics of the 12-year exclusivity period in the biosimilar pathway law will likely continue to seek to shorten the data exclusivity period and/or to encourage the fda to interpret narrowly the law's provisions regarding which new products receive data exclusivity. while we are unable to predict the precise impact of biosimilars on our products, we expect in the future to face greater competition in the united states as a result of biosimilars and downward pressure on our product prices and sales. this additional competition could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval.
our business is subject to extensive regulation by numerous state and federal governmental authorities in the united states, including the fda, and by foreign regulatory authorities, including the ema. we are required in the united states and in foreign countries to obtain approval from regulatory authorities before we can manufacture, market and sell our products. once approved, the fda and other u.s. and foreign regulatory agencies have substantial authority to require additional testing and reporting, perform inspections, change product labeling or mandate withdrawals of our products. failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements may subject us to administrative and/or judicially imposed sanctions. the sanctions could include the fda's or foreign regulatory authorities' refusal to approve pending applications, delay in obtaining or withdrawals of approvals, delay or suspension of clinical trials, warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of our operations, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and/or criminal prosecutions.
obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval has been, and will continue to be, increasingly difficult, time-consuming and costly. legislative bodies or regulatory agencies could enact new laws or regulations, change existing laws or regulations, or change their interpretations of laws or regulations at any time, which could affect our ability to obtain or maintain approval of our products or product candidates. the rate and degree of change in existing laws and regulations and regulatory expectations have accelerated in established markets, and regulatory expectations continue to evolve in emerging markets. failure to comply with new laws, regulations or regulatory interpretations could result in significant monetary penalties as well as reputational and other harms. we are unable to predict when and whether any further changes to laws or regulatory policies affecting our business could occur, such as efforts to reform medical device regulation or the pedigree requirements for medical products or to implement new requirements for combination products, and whether such changes could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
regulatory authorities may also question the sufficiency for approval of the endpoints we select for our clinical trials. a number of our products and product candidates have been evaluated in clinical trials using surrogate endpoints that measure an effect that is known to correlate with an ultimate clinical endpoint. for example, a therapeutic oncology product candidate may be evaluated for its ability to extend the length of time during and after the treatment that a patient lives without the disease worsening (progression-free survival, or pfs). demonstrating that the product candidate produces a statistically significant improvement in pfs does not necessarily mean that the product candidate will show a statistically significant improvement in os, the time that the patients remain alive. in the cardiovascular setting, a heart disease therapeutic candidate may be evaluated for its ability to reduce ldl-c levels, as elevated ldl-c level has been a surrogate endpoint for cardiovascular events such as death, heart attacks and stroke. the use of surrogate endpoints such as pfs and ldl-c reduction, in the absence of other measures of clinical benefit, may not be sufficient for broad usage or approval even when such results are statistically significant. regulatory authorities could also add new requirements, such as the completion of enrollment in a confirmatory study or the completion of an outcomes study or a meaningful portion of an outcomes study, as conditions for obtaining approval or obtaining an indication. for example, our initial fda application for repatha® sought approval for a broader patient population based on data demonstrating that repatha® reduced ldl-c levels. however, the fda ultimately approved repatha® only for a subset of those patients, citing among other things the absence of positive outcomes data showing that repatha® prevents cardiovascular events. while our
ongoing phase 3 study is evaluating the ability of repatha® to prevent cardiovascular events, that study may fail to meet its clinical efficacy endpoints or may identify safety issues with the product. (see we must conduct clinical trials in humans before we can commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications.) even if the ongoing outcomes study meets its clinical endpoints, regulators may not approve repatha® for use beyond the currently approved label indications. there may also be situations in which demonstrating the efficacy and safety of a product candidate may not be sufficient to gain regulatory approval unless superiority to comparative products can be shown. the imposition of additional requirements or our inability to meet them in a timely fashion or at all may delay our clinical development and regulatory filing efforts, delay or prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval for new product candidates or new indications for existing products, or prevent us from maintaining our current labels.
some of our products have been approved by u.s. and foreign regulatory authorities on a conditional basis with full approval conditioned upon fulfilling the requirements of regulators. for example, in december 2014, we received accelerated approval for blincyto® for the treatment of patients with ph- relapsed or refractory b-cell precursor all in the united states, with continued approval contingent upon clinical benefit in subsequent trials. blincyto® also received conditional marketing authorization for the treatment of patients with ph- relapsed or refractory b-cell precursor all from the ec in november 2015. regulatory authorities are placing greater focus on monitoring products originally approved on an accelerated or conditional basis and on whether the sponsors of such products have met the conditions of the accelerated or conditional approvals. if we are unable to fulfill the requirements of regulators that were conditions of a product's accelerated or conditional approval and/or if regulators re-evaluate the data or risk-benefit profile of our product, our conditional approval may not result in full approval or may be revoked or not renewed. alternatively, we may be required to change the products' labeled indications or even withdraw the products from the market.
safety problems or signals can arise as our products and product candidates are evaluated in clinical trials, including investigator sponsored studies, or as our marketed products are used in clinical practice. we are required to continuously collect and assess adverse events reported to us and to communicate to regulatory agencies these adverse events and safety signals regarding our products. regulatory agencies periodically perform inspections of our pharmacovigilance processes, including our adverse event reporting. in 2012, pharmacovigilance legislation became effective in the eu that enhanced the authority of european regulators to require companies to conduct additional post-approval clinical efficacy and safety studies and increased the requirement on sponsor companies to analyze and evaluate the risk-benefit profiles of their products. similarly, for our products with approved rems (see item 1. business-government regulation-post-approval phase) we are required to submit periodic assessment reports to the fda to demonstrate that the goals of the rems are being met. rems and other risk management programs are designed to ensure that a drug's benefits outweigh the risks, and vary in the elements they contain. for example, our esa rems requires applicable healthcare providers and institutions to enroll in the program, receive education about the product and the rems and document and report certain information to us over time. we are responsible for tracking and documenting certain elements of healthcare provider and institution compliance with the esa rems, and we use third-party service providers to assist in the administration of certain portions of our rems. if the fda is not satisfied with the results of the periodic assessment reports we submit for any of our rems, the fda may also modify our rems or take other regulatory actions, such as implementing revised or restrictive labeling. if regulatory agencies determine that we or other parties (including our clinical trial investigators, those operating our patient support programs or licensees of our products) have not complied with the applicable reporting or other pharmacovigilance requirements, we may become subject to additional inspections, warning letters or other enforcement actions, including monetary fines, marketing authorization withdrawal and other penalties. our product candidates and marketed products can also be affected by safety problems or signals occurring with respect to products that are similar to ours and that implicate an entire class of products. further, as a result of clinical trials, including sub-analyses or meta-analyses of earlier clinical trials (a meta-analysis involves the use of various statistical methods to combine results from previous separate but related studies) performed by us or others, concerns may arise about the sufficiency of the data or studies underlying a product's approved label. such actual or perceived safety problems or concerns can lead to:
•   revised or restrictive labeling for our products, or the potential for restrictive labeling that may result in our decision not to commercialize a product candidate;
•   requirement of risk management activities or other regulatory agency compliance actions related to the promotion and sale of our products;
•mandated post-marketing commitments or pharmacovigilance programs for our approved products;
•product recalls of our approved products;
•   revocation of approval for our products from the market completely, or within particular therapeutic areas or patient types;
for example, since 2006, when adverse safety results involving esas were observed, esas continue to be the subject of ongoing review and scrutiny. reviews by regulatory authorities of the risk-benefit profile of esas has resulted in, and may continue to result in, changes to esa labeling, our esa rems and usage in both the oncology and nephrology clinical settings.
in addition to our innovative products, we are working to develop and commercialize biosimilar versions of nine products currently manufactured, marketed and sold by other pharmaceutical companies. in many markets there is not yet a legislative or regulatory pathway for the approval of biosimilars. in the united states, the aca provided for such a pathway; while the fda continues to implement it, significant questions remain as to how products will be approved under the pathway. (see we currently face competition from biosimilars and expect to face increasing competition in the future.) delays or uncertainties in the development of such pathways could result in delays or difficulties in getting our products approved by regulatory authorities, subject us to unanticipated development costs or otherwise reduce the value of the investments we have made in the biosimilars area.
amgen invests heavily in r&d. successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain, and very few r&d projects produce a commercial product. product candidates (including biosimilar product candidates) or new indications for existing products (collectively, "product candidates") that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach the market for a number of reasons, such as:
•   the product candidate did not demonstrate acceptable clinical trial results even though it demonstrated positive preclinical trial results, for reasons that could include changes in the standard of care of medicine;
•the product candidate is not cost effective in light of existing therapeutics;
•the product candidate had harmful side effects in humans or animals;
•the product candidate was not economical for us to manufacture and commercialize;
•   the biosimilar product candidate fails to demonstrate the requisite biosimilarity to the applicable reference product, or is otherwise determined to be unacceptable for purposes of safety or efficacy, to gain approval;
•   we and certain of our licensees, partners or independent investigators may fail to effectively conduct clinical development or clinical manufacturing activities; and
a number of our product candidates have failed or been discontinued at various stages in the product development process. for example, in may 2015, we terminated our participation in the co-development and commercialization of brodalumab with astrazeneca. the decision was based on events of suicidal ideation and behavior in the brodalumab program, which we believe likely would necessitate restrictive labeling that would limit the appropriate patient population. inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product for any of the reasons discussed could potentially have a negative impact on our product sales and earnings and could result in a significant impairment of in-process research and development (ipr&d) or other intangible assets.
we must conduct clinical trials in humans before we can commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications.
before we can sell any products, we must conduct clinical trials to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective for use in humans. the results of those clinical trials are used as the basis to obtain approval from regulatory authorities such as the fda and ema. (see our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval.) we are required to conduct clinical trials using an appropriate number of trial sites and patients to support the product label claims. the length of time, number of trial sites and patients required for clinical trials vary substantially and therefore, we may spend several years and incur substantial expense in completing certain clinical trials. in addition, we may have difficulty finding a sufficient number of clinical trial sites and subjects to participate in our clinical trials, particularly if competitors are conducting clinical trials in similar patient populations. delays in planned clinical trials can result in increased development costs, associated delays in regulatory approvals and in product candidates reaching the market and revisions to existing product labels.
further, to increase the number of patients available for enrollment for our clinical trials, we have and will continue to open clinical sites and enroll patients in a number of locations where our experience conducting clinical trials is limited, including russia, india, china, south korea, the philippines, singapore and some central and south american countries, either through utilization of third-party contract clinical trial providers entirely or in combination with local staff. conducting clinical trials in locations where we have limited experience requires substantial time and resources to understand the unique regulatory environments of individual countries. further, we must ensure the timely production, distribution and delivery of the clinical supply of our product candidates to numerous and varied clinical trial sites. if we fail to adequately manage the design, execution and diverse regulatory aspects of our large and complex clinical trials or to manage the production or distribution of our clinical supply, corresponding regulatory approvals may be delayed or we may fail to gain approval for our product candidates or could lose our ability to market existing products in certain therapeutic areas or altogether. if we are unable to market and sell our products or product candidates or to obtain approvals in the timeframe needed to execute our product strategies, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit subjects and conduct clinical trials on our behalf in accordance with the applicable study protocols and laws and regulations. further, we rely on unaffiliated third-party vendors to perform certain aspects of our clinical trial operations. we also may acquire companies that have ongoing clinical trials. these trials may not be conducted to the same standards as ours; however, once an acquisition has been completed we assume responsibility for the conduct of the trial, including any potential risks and liabilities associated with the past and prospective conduct of those trials. if regulatory authorities determine that we or others, including our licensees or the independent investigators selected by us or by a company we have acquired, have not complied with regulations applicable to the clinical trials, those authorities may refuse or reject some or all of the clinical trial data or take other actions which could negatively impact our ability to obtain or maintain marketing approval of the product or indication. if we were unable to market and sell our products or product candidates, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, some of our clinical trials involve drugs manufactured and marketed by other pharmaceutical companies. these drugs may be administered in a clinical trial in combination with one of our products or product candidates or in a head-to-head study comparing the products' or product candidates' relative efficacy and safety. in the event that any of these vendors or pharmaceutical companies have unforeseen issues that negatively impact the quality of their work or create a shortage of supply, or if we are otherwise unable to obtain an adequate supply of these other drugs, our ability to complete our applicable clinical trials and/or evaluate clinical results may also be negatively impacted. as a result, this could adversely affect our ability to timely file for, gain or maintain regulatory approvals worldwide.
clinical trials must be designed based on the current standard of medical care. however in certain diseases, such as cancer, the standard of care is evolving rapidly. in these diseases, the duration of time needed to complete certain clinical trials may result in the design of such clinical trials being based on standards of medical care that are no longer the current standards by the time such trials are completed, limiting the utility and application of such trials. we may not obtain favorable clinical trial results and therefore may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for new product candidates, new indications for existing products or maintenance of our current product labels. participants in clinical trials of our products and product candidates may also suffer adverse medical events or side effects that could, among other factors, delay or terminate the clinical trial program and/or require additional or longer trials to gain approval.
even after a product is on the market, safety concerns may require additional or more extensive clinical trials as part of a risk management plan for our product or for approval of a new indication. for example, in connection with the june 2011 esa label changes, we also agreed to conduct additional clinical trials examining the use of esas in ckd. additional clinical trials we initiate, including those required by the fda, could result in substantial additional expense and the outcomes could result in additional label restrictions or the loss of regulatory approval for an approved indication, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. additionally, any negative results from such trials could materially affect the extent of approvals, the use, reimbursement and sales of our products, our business and results of operations.
some of our products are used with drug delivery or companion diagnostic devices which have their own regulatory, manufacturing and other risks.
many of our products and product candidates may be used in combination with a drug delivery device, such as an injector or other delivery system. in addition, vectibix® is used in combination with a test kit (which is a companion diagnostic device), and some of our product candidates may also be used in combination with a companion diagnostic device. our product candidates or expanded indications of our products used with such devices may not be approved or may be substantially delayed in receiving regulatory approval if such devices do not gain or maintain regulatory approval or clearance. where approval of the product and device is sought under a single marketing drug application, the increased complexity of the review process may also delay receipt of regulatory approval. in addition, some of these devices may be provided by single-source unaffiliated third-party companies. we are dependent on the sustained cooperation and effort of those third-party companies both to supply the devices and, in some cases, to conduct the studies required for approval or clearance by the applicable regulatory agencies. we are also dependent on
those third-party companies continuing to meet applicable regulatory or other requirements. failure to successfully develop or supply the devices, delays in or failure of the amgen or third-party studies, or failure of amgen or the third-party companies to obtain or maintain regulatory approval or clearance of the devices could result in increased development costs, delays in, or failure to obtain, regulatory approval and/or associated delays in a product candidate reaching the market or the addition of new indications for existing products. loss of regulatory approval or clearance of a device that is used with our product may also result in the removal of our product from the market. further, failure to successfully develop, supply, or gain or maintain approval for these devices could adversely affect sales of the related, approved products.
our intellectual property positions may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or we may fail to prevail in present and future intellectual property litigation.
our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and defend patent rights and other intellectual property rights that are important to the commercialization of our products and product candidates. the patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies can be highly uncertain and often involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. third parties may challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents and patent applications relating to our products, product candidates and technologies. challenges to patents may come from potential competitors or from parties other than those who seek to market a potentially-infringing product. for example, a texas hedge fund (acting with affiliated entities and individuals and proceeding under the name of the coalition for affordable drugs) has sought to challenge dozens of patents held by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including one of the patents we hold for enbrel. in addition, our patent positions might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies because competing products or technologies may not infringe our patents. for certain of our product candidates, there are third parties who have patents or pending patent applications that they may claim necessitate payment of a royalty or prevent us from commercializing these product candidates in certain territories. patent disputes are frequent, costly and can preclude, delay or increase the cost of commercialization of products. we have been in the past, and are currently and may be in the future, involved in patent litigation. these matters have included and may in the future include litigation with manufacturers of products that purport to be biosimilars of certain of our products for patent infringement and for failure to comply with certain provisions of the biologics price competition and innovation act, including the requirement to provide 180 days' notice in advance of commercial marketing. a determination made by a court, agency or tribunal concerning infringement, validity, enforceability, injunctive or economic remedy, or the right to patent protection, for example, are typically subject to appellate or administrative review. upon review, such initial determinations may be afforded little or no deference by the reviewing tribunal and may be affirmed, reversed, or made the subject of reconsideration through further proceedings. a patent dispute or litigation may not discourage a potential violator from bringing the product that is alleged to infringe to market prior to a final resolution of the dispute or litigation. the period of time from inception until resolution of a patent dispute or litigation is subject to the availability and schedule of the court, agency or tribunal before which the dispute or litigation is pending. we may be subject to competition during this period and may not be able to fully recover for the losses, damages, and harms we incur from infringement by the competitor product even if we prevail. moreover, if we lose or settle current or future litigations at certain stages or entirely, we could be subject to competition and/or significant liabilities, be required to enter into third-party licenses for the infringed product or technology or be required to cease using the technology or product in dispute. in addition, we cannot guarantee that such licenses will be available on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
further, under the hatch-waxman act, our products approved by the fda under the fdca may be the subject of patent litigation with generic competitors before expiry of the five-year period of data exclusivity provided for under the hatch-waxman act and prior to the expiration of the patents listed for the product. likewise, our innovative biologic products may be the subject of patent litigation prior to the expiration of our patents and, with respect to competitors seeking approval as a biosimilar or interchangeable version of our products, prior to the 12-year exclusivity period provided under the aca. in addition, we may face additional patent litigation involving claims that the biosimilar product candidates we are working to develop infringe the patents of other companies that manufacture, market or sell the applicable reference products. while we may attempt to challenge such patents, our efforts may be unsuccessful.
certain of the existing patents on our principal products have recently expired. (see item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-patents.) as our patents expire, competitors are able to legally produce and market similar products or technologies, including biosimilars, which may have a material adverse effect on our affected product sales, business and results of operations. in addition, competitors may be able to invalidate, design around or otherwise circumvent our patents and sell competing products.
guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products.
government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products. however, professional societies, practice management groups, insurance carriers, physicians groups, private health/science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases also publish guidelines and recommendations to healthcare providers, administrators and payers, and patient communities. recommendations by government agencies or other groups/organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of related therapies, and a growing number of organizations are providing
assessments of the value and pricing of pharmaceutical products. these assessments may come from private organizations, such as the institute for clinical and economic review, who publish their findings and offer recommendations relating to the products' reimbursement by government and private payers. in addition, government hta organizations, such as the national institute for health and clinical excellence in the united kingdom (uk) and the canadian agency for drugs and technologies in health, make reimbursement recommendations to payers in their jurisdictions based on the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness and service impact of new, emerging and existing medicines and treatments. any recommendations or guidelines that result in decreased use, dosage or reimbursement of our products could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. in addition, the perception by the investment community or stockholders that such recommendations or guidelines will result in decreased use and dosage of our products could adversely affect the market price for our common stock.
the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and other jurisdictions in which we do business. as a result, our provision for income taxes is derived from a combination of applicable tax rates in the various places we operate. significant judgment is required for determining our provision for income tax and our tax returns are periodically examined by various tax authorities. we believe our accrual for income tax liabilities is appropriate based on past experience, interpretations of tax law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities; however, due to the complexity of the provision for income taxes, the ultimate resolution of any tax matters may result in payments greater or less than amounts accrued. our provision for income taxes and results of operations in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of income and expenses in countries with differing tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in applicable tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations thereof. a change to the u.s. tax system, such as a change to the taxation of income earned outside the united states including credits allowed for foreign taxes, a change to the tax system in a jurisdiction where we have significant operations, such as puerto rico, or changes in tax law in the united states or other jurisdictions where we do business, could have a material and adverse effect on our business and on the results of our operations.
we rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices and components.
we rely on unaffiliated third-party suppliers for certain raw materials, medical devices and components necessary for the manufacturing of our commercial and clinical products. certain of those raw materials, medical devices and components are the proprietary products of those unaffiliated third-party suppliers and are specifically cited in our drug application with regulatory agencies so that they must be obtained from that specific sole source or sources and could not be obtained from another supplier unless and until the regulatory agency approved such supplier. for example, insulet corporation is our single source of the on-body injector for our neulasta® onprotm kit. also, certain of the raw materials required in the commercial and clinical manufacturing of our products are sourced from other countries and/or derived from biological sources, including mammalian tissues, bovine serum and human serum albumin.
•adverse financial or other strategic developments at or affecting the supplier, including bankruptcy;
•unexpected demand for or shortage of raw materials, medical devices or components;
•   failure to comply with our quality standards which results in quality and product failures, product contamination and/or recall;
•   a material shortage, contamination, recall and/or restrictions on the use of certain biologically derived substances or other raw materials;
•   discovery of previously unknown or undetected imperfections in raw materials, medical devices or components; and
•labor disputes or shortages, including the effects of health emergencies, natural disasters, or otherwise.
these events could negatively impact our ability to satisfy demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product use and sales and our business and results of operations. for example, in prior years we have experienced shortages in certain components necessary for the formulation, fill and finish of certain of our products in our puerto rico facility. further quality issues which result in unexpected additional demand for certain components may lead to shortages of required raw materials or components (such as we have experienced with epogen® glass vials). we may experience or continue to experience these or other shortages in the future resulting in delayed shipments, supply constraints, contract disputes and/or stock-outs of our products.
manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales.
manufacturing biologic human therapeutic products is difficult, complex and highly regulated. we currently are involved in the manufacture of many of our products and plan to manufacture many of our product candidates. in addition, we currently use third-party contract manufacturers to produce, or assist in the production of, a number of our products, and are using contract manufacturers to produce, or assist in the production of, a number of our late-stage product candidates and drug delivery devices. (see item 1. business-manufacturing, distribution and raw materials-manufacturing.) our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products and product candidates is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be impacted by:
•capacity of manufacturing facilities;
•labor disputes or shortages, including the effects of health emergencies, natural disasters, or otherwise;
•changes in forecasts of future demand;
•timing and actual number of production runs and production success rates and yields;
•updates of manufacturing specifications;
•timing and outcome of product quality testing;
•power failures and/or other utility failures; and/or
•breakdown, failure or substandard performance or improper installation or operation of equipment.
if the efficient manufacture and supply of our products or product candidates is interrupted, we may experience delayed shipments, delays in our clinical trials, supply constraints, stock-outs, adverse event trends, contract disputes and/or recalls of our products. from time to time we have initiated voluntary recalls of certain lots of our products. for example, in july 2014, we initiated a voluntary recall of an aranesp® lot distributed in the eu after particles were detected in a quality control sample following distribution of that lot. if we are at any time unable to provide an uninterrupted supply of our products to patients, we may lose patients and physicians may elect to prescribe competing therapeutics instead of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
our manufacturing processes and those of our third-party contract manufacturers must undergo regulatory approval processes and are subject to continued review by the fda and other regulatory authorities. it can take longer than five years to build, validate and license a new manufacturing plant and it can take longer than three years to qualify and license a new contract manufacturer. in 2015, we initiated the drug substance conformance campaign to facilitate licensure at our monoclonal antibody manufacturing facility in singapore. this singapore facility will utilize a novel manufacturing technology that has not been previously approved by the fda or other regulatory authorities. we have also begun construction on an additional new facility at the site in singapore to enable the manufacture of the active pharmaceutical ingredient for kyprolis®. these facilities in singapore will require licensure by various regulatory authorities. if we are unable to obtain needed licenses for either of these facilities on a timely basis, it could adversely affect our ability to achieve our planned risk mitigation and cost reductions which, as a result, could have a material adverse effect our product sales, business and results of operations.
if regulatory authorities determine that we or our third-party contract manufacturers or certain of our third-party service providers have violated regulations or if they restrict, suspend or revoke our prior approvals, they could prohibit us from manufacturing our products or conducting clinical trials or selling our marketed products until we or the affected third-party contract manufacturers or third-party service providers comply, or indefinitely. such issues may also delay the approval of product candidates we have submitted for regulatory review, even if such product candidates are not directly related to the products, devices or processes at issue with regulators. because our third-party contract manufacturers and certain of our third-party service providers are subject to the fda and foreign regulatory authorities, alternative qualified third-party contract manufacturers and third-party service providers may not be available on a timely basis or at all. if we or our third-party contract manufacturers or third-party service providers cease or interrupt production or if our third-party contract manufacturers and third-party service providers fail to supply materials, products or services to us, we may experience delayed shipments, supply constraints, stock-outs and/or recalls of our products. additionally, we distribute a substantial volume of our commercial products through our primary distribution centers in louisville, kentucky for the united states and in breda, the netherlands for europe and much of the rest of the world. we also conduct all the labeling and packaging of our products distributed in europe and much of the rest of the world in breda.
our ability to timely supply products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operations of our distribution and logistics centers, our third-party logistics providers and our labeling and packaging facility in breda. further, we rely on commercial transportation, including air freight, for the distribution of our products to our customers which may be negatively impacted by natural disasters or security threats.
we perform a substantial amount of our commercial manufacturing activities at our puerto rico manufacturing facility and a substantial amount of our clinical manufacturing activities at our thousand oaks, california manufacturing facility; if significant disruptions or production failures occur at the puerto rico facility, we may not be able to supply these products or, at the thousand oaks facility, we may not be able to continue our clinical trials.
we currently perform all of the formulation, fill and finish for neupogen®, aranesp®, epogen®, prolia® and xgeva® and substantially all of the formulation, fill and finish operations for neulasta® and enbrel at our manufacturing facility in juncos, puerto rico. we also currently perform all of the bulk manufacturing for neulasta®, neupogen® and aranesp®, all of the purification of bulk epogen® material and substantially all of the bulk manufacturing for prolia® and xgeva® at this facility. we perform substantially all of the bulk manufacturing and formulation, fill and finish, and packaging for product candidates to be used in clinical trials at our manufacturing facility in thousand oaks, california. the global supply of our products and product candidates is significantly dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of these facilities. (see manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of our products and limit our product sales.) in june 2015, puerto rico's governor stated that the puerto rico government, which includes certain government entities, is unable to pay its roughly $72 billion in debt, and since that time, puerto rico failed to make certain debt payments. in september 2015, the puerto rico government released a fiscal and economic growth plan (fegp), a proposal for economic growth and reform measures that also included recommendations for debt restructuring. due to a deteriorating liquidity position, the governor issued an executive order in december 2015, providing for certain extraordinary liquidity measures such as deferral of tax refunds, stretching of payments to suppliers and the implementation of a "clawback" of revenues assigned to certain government entities in order to make payments on general obligation bonds and provide essential government services. on january 18, 2016, the puerto rico government revised the fegp to reflect larger government financing gaps in the near and long term as well as the government's deteriorating liquidity position. the puerto rico government is currently in negotiations with creditors to restructure the government's debt, and litigation has commenced with certain bond insurers over failure to make certain debt payments. if the puerto rico government is not able to restructure the debt obligations or get forbearance on debt payments, it could impact the territorial government's provision of utilities or other services in puerto rico that we use in the operation of our business, create the potential for increased taxes or fees to operate in puerto rico, result in migration of workers from puerto rico to the mainland united states, and make it more expensive or difficult for us to operate in puerto rico.
concentration of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors and consolidation of free-standing dialysis clinic businesses may negatively impact our business.
the substantial majority of our u.s. product sales is made to three pharmaceutical product wholesaler distributors: amerisourcebergen corporation, cardinal health, inc. and mckesson corporation. these distributors, in turn, sell our products to their customers, which include physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. one of our products, epogen®, is sold primarily to free-standing dialysis clinics, which have experienced significant consolidation. two organizations, davita and fresenius medical care north america (fresenius), own or manage a large number of the outpatient dialysis facilities located in the united states and account for approximately 70% of all epogen® sales. due to this concentration, these entities have substantial purchasing leverage, which may put pressure on our pricing by their potential ability to extract price discounts on our products or fees for other services, correspondingly negatively impacting our bargaining position and profit margins. in addition, decisions by these entities to purchase less or none of our products in favor of competitive products can have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations due to their purchasing volume.
we may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all.
the capital and credit markets may experience extreme volatility and disruption which may lead to uncertainty and liquidity issues for both borrowers and investors. we expect to access the capital markets to supplement our existing funds and cash generated from operations in satisfying our needs for working capital; capital expenditure and debt service requirements; our plans to pay dividends and repurchase stock; and other business initiatives we plan to strategically pursue, including acquisitions and licensing activities. in the event of adverse capital and credit market conditions, we may be unable to obtain capital market financing on similar favorable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized credit rating agencies could adversely affect our ability to obtain capital market financing and the cost of such financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.
our efforts to acquire other companies or products and to integrate their operations may not be successful, and may result in costs, delays or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions.
we have an ongoing process of evaluating potential merger, acquisition, partnering and in-license opportunities that we expect will contribute to our future growth and expand our geographic footprint, product offerings and/or our r&d pipeline. acquisitions may result in unanticipated costs, delays or other operational or financial problems related to integrating the acquired company and business with our company, which may result in the diversion of our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. failures or difficulties in integrating or retaining new personnel or in integrating the operations of the businesses that we acquire (including their technology, compliance programs, distribution and general business operations and procedures), while preserving important r&d, distribution, marketing, promotion and other relationships, may affect our ability to grow and may result in us incurring asset impairment or restructuring charges. for example, on october 1, 2013, we acquired onyx, a biopharmaceutical company with several currently marketed products as well as pipeline candidates progressing through the development process, and failures or difficulties in the integration of onyx could result in a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
our sales and operations are subject to the risks of doing business in emerging markets.
as we continue our expansion efforts in emerging markets around the world, through acquisitions and licensing transactions as well as through the development and introduction of our products into new markets, we face numerous risks to our business. there is no guarantee that our efforts and strategies to expand sales in emerging markets will succeed. emerging market countries may be especially vulnerable to periods of global political, legal, regulatory and financial instability, including sovereign debt issues and/or the imposition of international sanctions in response to certain state actions. as we expand internationally, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar. while we have a program in place that is designed to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations through foreign currency hedging arrangements, our hedging efforts do not completely offset the effect of these fluctuations on our revenues and earnings. we may also be required to increase our reliance on third-party agents and unfamiliar operations and arrangements previously utilized by companies that we partner with or acquire in emerging markets. (see we must conduct clinical trials in humans before we can commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications.) our international operations and business may also be subject to less protective intellectual property or other applicable laws, diverse data privacy and protection requirements, changing tax laws and tariffs, far-reaching anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations and/or an evolving legal and regulatory environment. these legal and operational challenges along with governmental controls, the challenges of attracting and retaining qualified personnel and obtaining and/or maintaining necessary regulatory or pricing approvals of our products may result in a material adverse impact on our international product sales, business and results of operations.
our business may be affected by litigation and government investigations.
we and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in legal proceedings. (see part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.) civil and criminal litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in costly verdicts, fines and penalties, exclusion from the federal healthcare programs and/or injunctive relief that affect how we operate our business. defense of litigation claims can be expensive, time-consuming and distracting and it is possible that we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages or change the way we operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, product liability is a major risk in testing and marketing biotechnology and pharmaceutical products. we may face substantial product liability exposure in human clinical trials and for products that we sell after regulatory approval. product liability claims, regardless of their merits, could be costly and divert management's attention and adversely affect our reputation and the demand for our products. we and certain of our subsidiaries have previously been named as defendants in product liability actions for certain of our products.
we are also involved in government investigations that arise in the ordinary course of our business. in recent years, there has been a trend of increasing government investigations and litigations against companies operating in our industry, both in the united states and around the world. our business activities outside of the united states are subject to the fcpa and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate, including the uk bribery act. as we announced on december 19, 2012, we finalized a settlement agreement with the u.s. government and various other parties to settle certain allegations regarding our sales and marketing practices. in connection with that settlement, we are now operating under a corporate integrity agreement (cia) with the oig of the u.s. department of health and human services that requires us to maintain our corporate compliance program and to undertake a set of defined corporate integrity obligations until december 2017. the cia also provides for an independent third-party review organization to assess and report on our compliance program. while we expect to fully comply with all of our obligations under the cia, the failure to do so could result in substantial penalties and our being excluded from government healthcare programs. we may also be subject to actions by governmental entities, including those not participating in the settlement, and may in the future become subject to claims by other parties, in each case with respect to the alleged conduct which is the subject of the settlement. we may see new governmental investigations
of or actions against us citing novel theories of recovery. any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we are increasingly dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data security.
we are increasingly dependent upon information technology systems, infrastructure and data security. the multitude and complexity of our computer systems and the potential value of our data make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. likewise, data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may pose a risk that sensitive data including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to the company, its patients, customers or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. as a global biotechnology company, our systems are subject to frequent cyber-attacks. these attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. they are often carried out by motivated, well-resourced, skilled and persistent actors including nation states, organized crime groups and "hacktivists." cyber-attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware and key loggers, a denial-of-service attack, a malicious website, the use of social engineering and other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, infrastructure and data. our key business partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. although in the past we have experienced cyber-attacks and intrusions into our computer systems, we do not believe that such attacks have had a material adverse effect on our operations. while we continue to invest heavily in the protection of our critical or sensitive data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent or detect service interruptions or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us.
global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business.
our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures. (see our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures may affect our profitability.) as a result of global economic conditions, some third-party payers may delay or be unable to satisfy their reimbursement obligations. job losses or other economic hardships may also affect patients' ability to afford health care as a result of increased co-pay or deductible obligations, greater cost sensitivity to existing co-pay or deductible obligations, lost healthcare insurance coverage or for other reasons. we believe such conditions have led and could continue to lead to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. economic conditions may also adversely affect the ability of our distributors, customers and suppliers to obtain the liquidity required to buy inventory or raw materials and to perform their obligations under agreements with us, which could disrupt our operations. although we monitor our distributors', customers' and suppliers' financial condition and their liquidity to mitigate our business risks, some of our distributors, customers and suppliers may become insolvent, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
we maintain a significant portfolio of investments disclosed as cash equivalents and marketable securities on our consolidated balance sheet. the value of our investments may be adversely affected by interest rate fluctuations, downgrades in credit ratings, illiquidity in the capital markets and other factors that may result in other than temporary declines in the value of our investments. any of those events could cause us to record impairment charges with respect to our investment portfolio or to realize losses on the sale of investments.
our stock price, like that of our peers in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, is volatile. our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from period to period for a number of reasons. events such as a delay in product development or even a relatively small revenue shortfall may cause financial results for a period to be below our expectations or projections. as a result, our revenues and operating results and, in turn, our stock price may be subject to significant fluctuations. announcements or discussions of possible restrictive actions by government or private payers that would impact our business or industry if ultimately enacted or adopted may also cause our stock price to fluctuate, whether or not such restrictive actions ever actually occur. similarly, actual or perceived safety issues with our products or similar products can have an immediate and rapid impact on our stock price, whether or not our operating results are materially impacted.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis (md&a) is intended to assist the reader in understanding amgen's business. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. our results of operations discussed in md&a are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states (gaap). amgen operates in one business segment: human therapeutics. therefore, our results of operations are discussed on a consolidated basis.
forward-looking statements this report and other documents we file with the sec contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management's assumptions. in addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls and conference calls. such words as "expect," "anticipate," "outlook," "could," "target," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "should," "may," "assume," and "continue," as well as variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. these statements are not guarantees of future performance and they involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. we describe our respective risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could affect the outcome or results of operations in item 1a. risk factors. we have based our forward-looking statements on our management's beliefs and assumptions based on information available to our management at the time the statements are made. we caution you that actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed, implied or forecast by our forward-looking statements. reference is made in particular to forward-looking statements regarding product sales, regulatory activities, clinical trial results, reimbursement, expenses, earnings per share (eps), liquidity and capital resources, trends and planned dividends, stock repurchases and restructuring plans. except as required under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the sec, we do not have any intention or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements after the distribution of this report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.
overview amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. this approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology.
amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its biologics manufacturing expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. a biotechnology pioneer since 1980, amgen has grown to be one of the world's leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.
our principal products include enbrel, neulasta®, aranesp®, epogen®, sensipar®/mimpara®, xgeva®, prolia® and neupogen®. for additional information about our products, see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products.
in 2015, we advanced our strategy, by delivering strong financial performance across the business, advancing our innovative pipeline and branded biosimilar programs, developing improved biologic drug delivery systems, transforming our business to a more focused operating model and returning capital to shareholders.
•   financial performance was strong, as total revenues and product sales increased 8% driven by strong performance across the portfolio except epogen® and neupogen® which both decreased by 9%. net income and diluted eps increased by 35%, driven by higher total revenue and lower operating expenses. cash flows from operating activities grew 6% to $9.1 billion, driven by higher operating income, enabling us to grow the business and invest for the future.
•   our progress can also be seen in six innovative new launches - four in oncology and two in cardiovascular disease. for example, we continued to expand indications for our products, including for kyprolis® , which is now the only approved therapy for relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma with proven efficacy as a single agent, doublet or triplet combination, that is offered in a variety of doses to meet individual patient needs.
•   our pipeline continues to advance with the recent regulatory submissions for parsabivtm, positive phase 3 data for romosozumab (in collaboration with ucb), phase 2 data for amg 334 (in collaboration with novartis) and phase 2b data for omecamtiv mecarbil (in collaboration with cytokinetics). in 2015, we also continued to advance our biosimilar program, including the filing for global regulatory approval for abp 501, biosimilar adalimumab (humira®) and phase 3 data for abp 215, biosimilar bevacizumab (avastin®).
•   we continue to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate our products. the neulasta® onprotm kit was approved by the fda at the end of 2014 and now represents approximately one fourth of our u.s. neulasta® business. we also submitted applications to regulators, including the fda and ema, for a single-dosing option for the monthly administration of repatha®.
•   in 2015, we continued to execute the transformation and process improvement efforts announced in 2014. as part of these efforts, we committed to a more focused operating model. our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company have enabled us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities to deliver value to patients and shareholders.
•   finally, we continued returning capital to shareholders in 2015 through the payment of dividends and stock repurchases. we paid dividends of $0.79 per share of common stock in each of the four quarters of 2015, representing a 30% increase over the quarterly dividend paid in each of the four quarters of 2014. in december 2015, we declared a dividend of $1.00 per share of common stock for the first quarter of 2016, payable in march 2016, representing a 27% increase over the quarterly dividends paid in 2015. we also repurchased 12 million shares of our common stock throughout 2015 at an aggregate cost of $1.9 billion. as of december 31, 2015, $4.9 billion remained available under the board of directors-approved stock repurchase program.
we believe that we are uniquely positioned for the opportunities arising in biology and to deliver our strategy focusing on the areas of oncology/hematology, cardiovascular disease, inflammation, bone health, nephrology and neuroscience. we have near- and long-term opportunities ahead, including: (i) successfully executing on new product launches, (ii) advancing our robust pipeline with new innovative biologics and new delivery systems, (iii) the development, approval and launch of our biosimilars and (iv) advancing the next-generation manufacturing of high quality biologics. we expect our legacy products to continue to generate significant cash flows. in addition, we continue to focus on collaborating with innovators and value-creating business development activities to expand our approach to deliver significant impact for patients and advance programs where there remains high unmet medical need. finally, we continue to expand into new geographic growth markets, enabling us to be present in over 100 countries.
our business will continue to face various challenges. certain of our products will face increasing competitive pressure as a result of competitive product launches, including from biosimilars. 2016 is the first full year we are competing without patent protection on several of our principal products in the united states. for additional information, including information on the expiration of patents for various products, see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-patents and see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition.
current global economic conditions also pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure to reduce healthcare expenditures. efforts to reduce healthcare costs are being made by third-party payers including governments and private payers. in the united states, various actions have been taken aimed at reducing healthcare spending. the continuing prominence of u.s. budget deficits increases the risk that taxes, fees, rebates, or other federal measures that would further reduce our revenues or increase our expenses may be enacted. as a result of global economic conditions, as well as public and private health care provider focus, the industry continues to experience significant pricing pressures and other cost containment measures.
our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. the discovery and development of safe and effective new products, as well as the development of additional indications for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our business. we must develop new products over time in order to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or competing products are launched, as well as in order to provide for revenue and earnings growth. we devote considerable resources to r&d activities. however, successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. we are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch.
finally, our product sales can be affected by wholesaler and end-user buying patterns. these effects can cause fluctuations in quarterly product sales and have generally not been significant when comparing full-year product performance to the prior year.
see part i, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products and part i, item 1a. risk factors for further discussion of certain of the factors that could impact our future product sales.
selected financial information the following is an overview of our results of operations (in millions, except percentages and per share data):
2015                                                       change                              2014
rest of world (row)               4,421                  (4   )%                    4,595
operating expenses              $13,192                  (5   )%                  $13,872
operating income                 $8,470                  37   %                    $6,191
in the following discussion of changes in product sales, any reference to unit demand growth or decline refers to changes in the purchases of our products by healthcare providers, such as physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies.
u.s. product sales for 2015 increased across the portfolio except for epogen® and neupogen®, which declined 9% and 5%, respectively. the u.s. increase was driven primarily by increases in net selling prices. the decrease in row product sales for 2015 reflects unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates and declines in net selling prices, offset partially by unit demand growth.
the decrease in operating expenses for 2015 was driven primarily by savings from transformation and process improvement efforts, higher restructuring charges in the prior year and favorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates, offset partially by increased support for launch products.
although changes in foreign currency exchange rates result in increases or decreases in our reported international product sales, the benefit or detriment that such movements have on our international product sales is offset partially by corresponding increases or decreases in our international operating expenses and our related foreign currency hedging activities. our hedging activities seek to offset the impacts, both positive and negative, that foreign currency exchange rate changes may have on our net income by hedging our net foreign currency exposure, primarily with respect to product sales denominated in euros. the net impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates was not material in 2015, 2014 or 2013.
results of operations product sales worldwide product sales were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
2015                                                       change   2014                                     change                              2013
future sales of our products will depend, in part, on the factors discussed in the overview, part 1-item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition, part 1-item 1a. risk factors and any additional factors discussed in the individual product sections below. in addition, for a list of our products' significant competitors, see part 1-item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition.
2015                                                   change                              2014         change                              2013
the increase in enbrel sales for 2015 was driven primarily by an increase in net selling price offset partially by the impact of competition.
the increase in enbrel sales for 2014 was driven primarily by an increase in net selling price offset partially by unfavorable changes in wholesaler and, based on prescription data, end-user inventories.
2015                                                   change                              2014         change                              2013
the increase in global neulasta® sales for 2015 was driven primarily by an increase in net selling price in the united states, offset partially by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates. as of the end of december 2015, the neulasta® onprotm kit represents approximately one fourth of our u.s. neulasta® business.
in december 2014, the fda granted approval of the neulasta® onprotm kit which enables the healthcare provider to initiate administration of neulasta® on the same day as chemotherapy-with delivery of the patient's full dose of neulasta® the day following chemotherapy administration, consistent with the neulasta® prescribing information.
our final material u.s. patent for pegfilgrastim (neulasta®) expired in october 2015. on december 17, 2014, apotex, inc. (apotex) announced that the fda accepted for filing its application, under the abbreviated pathway, for pegfilgrastim, a biosimilar version of neulasta®. therefore, we expect to face competition in the united states, which over time may have a material adverse impact on neulasta® sales. for discussion of ongoing litigation between us and apotex, see part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.
future neulasta® sales will also depend, in part, on the development of new protocols, tests and/or treatments for cancer and/or new chemotherapy treatments or alternatives to chemotherapy that may have reduced and may continue to reduce the use of chemotherapy in some patients.
2015                                                   change   2014                                    change   2013
the increase in global aranesp® sales for 2015 was driven by unit demand growth, including a shift from epogen® in the united states, offset partially by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates and a decrease in net selling price.
the increase in u.s. aranesp® sales for 2014 was driven by an increase in net selling price and, to a lesser extent, unit demand growth. the decrease in row aranesp® sales for 2014 reflects a decrease in net selling price offset partially by unit demand growth in international markets.
supplementary protection certificates issued by certain countries relating to our european patent for darbepoetin alfa (aranesp®) expire in june 2016. see part 1, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-patents.
2015                                           change      2014                                 change      2013
the decrease in epogen® sales for 2015 was driven by a decline in unit demand resulting from competition and a shift in dialysis sales to aranesp®, offset partially by an increase in net selling price. the decline in epogen® sales accelerated in the second half of 2015 to 37% in the fourth quarter 2015 as compared to the fourth quarter in 2014.
the increase in epogen® sales for 2014 was driven by an increase in net selling price offset partially by a decline in unit demand.
our final material u.s. patent for epogen® expired in may 2015. we face competition in the united states, which over time may have a material adverse impact on epogen® sales. currently, in the united states, epogen® and aranesp® compete with mircera®, which roche began selling in october 2014 and, as of may 2015, licensed commercialization rights in the united states to galenica. simultaneously, galenica entered into an agreement to supply mircera® to fresenius, which provides treatment to a significant portion of u.s. dialysis patients. on december 16, 2014, hospira, inc. (hospira), a subsidiary of pfizer,
submitted a bla to the fda for retacrittm, a proposed biosimilar to epogen®. for discussion of ongoing litigation between us and hospira, see part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.
2015                                                            change                              2014         change                              2013
the increase in global sensipar®/mimpara® sales for 2015 was driven primarily by unit demand growth and an increase in net selling price in the united states. row sensipar®/mimpara® sales were negatively impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
the increase in global sensipar®/mimpara® sales for 2014 was driven primarily by unit demand growth and an increase in net selling price in the united states, offset partially by unfavorable changes in u.s. wholesaler and, based on prescription data, end-user inventories.
2015                                                 change                              2014          change                              2013
the increases in global xgeva® sales for 2015 and 2014 were driven primarily by unit demand growth.
2015                                                  change                              2014          change                              2013
the increases in global prolia® sales for 2015 and 2014 were driven primarily by unit demand growth.
2015                                                change                              2014          change                              2013
the decrease in global neupogen® sales for 2015 was driven by a decline in unit demand due primarily to the impact of short-acting competition in the united states.
the decrease in global neupogen® sales for 2014 was driven by the $155-million order from the u.s. government in 2013. excluding the special order, u.s. and global sales declined 17% and 7%, respectively, which reflected declines in unit demand in the united states, offset partially by the increased sales as a result of acquiring rights to filgrastim in certain international areas effective january 1, 2014.
there is competition in the united states, which we expect will have a material adverse impact on future sales of neupogen®. on september 3, 2015, sandoz announced that they launched zarxiotm, a biosimilar version of neupogen®, in the united states. on february 17, 2015, apotex announced that the fda accepted for filing its application, under the abbreviated pathway, for its biosimilar version of neupogen®. for discussion of ongoing litigation, see part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.
see part 1, item 1. business-marketing, distribution and selected marketed products-competition and part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.
future neupogen® sales will also depend, in part, on the development of new protocols, tests and/or treatments for cancer and/or new chemotherapy treatments or alternatives to chemotherapy that may have reduced and may continue to reduce the use of chemotherapy in some patients.
2015                                                               change                              2014          change                              2013
* change in excess of 100%
operating expenses operating expenses were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
2015                                                                      change                              2014          change                              2013
operating expenses:
cost of sales                                    $4,227                 (4   )%                   $4,422                  32   %                    $3,346
% of product sales                                 20.2         %                                   22.9         %                                    18.4         %
% of total revenues                                19.5         %                                   22.0         %                                    17.9         %
research and development                         $4,070                 (5   )%                   $4,297                   5   %                    $4,083
% of product sales                                 19.4         %                                   22.2         %                                    22.4         %
% of total revenues                                18.8         %                                   21.4         %                                    21.9         %
% of product sales                                 23.1         %                                   24.3         %                                    28.5         %
% of total revenues                                22.4         %                                   23.4         %                                    27.8         %
* change in excess of 100%
transformation and process improvement during the second half of 2014, we announced process improvement and transformation initiatives that are enabling us to invest in continuing innovation, expand into new countries and launch new products, while improving our cost structure. this plan includes a restructuring, which is delivering cost savings and funding investments. the restructuring includes reducing our geographic footprint, as well as reducing our staff by 3,500 to 4,000, both of which allow us to reinvest and hire in our strategic areas of focus.
we estimate that this restructuring plan will result in pre-tax accounting charges in the range of $800 million to $900 million, which is less than originally expected due to better than anticipated results from the exit of two of our closed facilities. restructuring costs to date of $672 million were incurred as of december 31, 2015. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we incurred restructuring costs of $114 million and $558 million, respectively. we expect that we will incur most of the remaining estimated costs in 2016 and 2017 in order to support our ongoing transformation and process improvement efforts. net savings were not significant in 2015 and 2014 due to the investments in new product launch preparations, later stage clinical programs and external business development.
additional information required for our restructuring plan is incorporated herein by reference to part iv-note 2, restructuring and other cost savings initiatives, to the consolidated financial statements.
cost of sales cost of sales decreased to 19.5% of total revenues for 2015, driven primarily by lower royalties, higher net selling prices, manufacturing efficiencies and lower costs related to our restructuring plan. the year ended december 31, 2014, also had a $99-million charge related to the termination of the supply contract with roche as a result of acquiring the licenses to filgrastim and pegfilgrastim effective january 1, 2014.
cost of sales increased to 22.0% of total revenues for 2014, driven by acquisition-related expenses that included an increase of $642 million of non-cash amortization of intangible assets acquired in the onyx acquisition. the year ended december 31, 2014, also included impairment and accelerated depreciation charges pursuant to our restructuring initiative of $104 million as well as the aforementioned $99-million charge related to the termination of the supply contract with roche.
the excise tax imposed by puerto rico on the gross intercompany purchase price of goods and services from our manufacturer in puerto rico (puerto rico excise tax) is recorded as a cost of sales expense. excluding the impact of the puerto rico excise tax, cost of sales would have been 17.8%, 20.1% and 16.0% of total revenues for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see part iv-note 5, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the puerto rico excise tax.
research and development the company groups all of its r&d activities and related expenditures into three categories: (1) discovery research and translational sciences (drts), (2) later stage clinical programs and (3) marketed products. these categories include the company's r&d activities as set forth in the following table:
category                        description drts                            r&amp;d expenses incurred in activities substantially in support of early research through the completion of phase 1 clinical trials. these activities encompass our drts functions, including drug discovery, toxicology, pharmacokinetics and drug metabolism, and process development.
later stage clinical programs   r&amp;d expenses incurred in or related to phase 2 and phase 3 clinical programs intended to result in registration of a new product or a new indication for an existing product in the united states or the eu.
marketed products               r&amp;d expenses incurred in support of the company's marketed products that are authorized to be sold in the united states or the eu. includes clinical trials designed to gather information on product safety (certain of which may be required by regulatory authorities) and their product characteristics after regulatory approval has been obtained, as well as the costs of obtaining regulatory approval of a product in a new market after approval in either the united states or the eu has been obtained.
marketed products                   1,197                   798                   900
the decrease in r&d expense for 2015 was driven by decreased costs associated with later stage clinical programs support of $411 million and drts of $215 million, offset partially by increased costs associated with marketed products support of $399 million. all categories of r&d spend benefited from savings from transformation and process improvement efforts under our restructuring plan, which were offset partially by increased launch related spend in marketed products, primarily repatha®. prior to approval, costs related to our launch products were largely categorized as later stage clinical programs. the 2015 drts expenses also included up-front milestone payments related to our collaborations with xencor, inc. and novartis.
the increase in r&d expense for 2014 was driven primarily by increased costs of $326 million associated with onyx across all categories of r&d spend, as well as increased costs associated with other later stage clinical program support. overall, costs associated with later stage clinical programs support increased $337 million, offset partially by reduced expenses associated with marketed products support of $102 million and drts activities of $21 million. the 2014 drts expenses also included a $60 million upfront payment related to our cancer immunotherapy collaboration with kite pharma, inc.
selling, general and administrative the increase in selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense for 2015 was driven primarily by new product launches offset partially by savings from transformation and process improvement efforts under our restructuring plan. 2014 also included an additional $129 million accrual for the bpd fee as the final regulations accelerated the expense recognition criteria for the fee obligation by one year.
the decrease in sg&a expense for 2014 was driven primarily by the expiration of the enbrel profit share in october 2013, which reduced expenses by $818 million. that decline was offset partially by the addition of $183 million as a result of the onyx acquisition, the aforementioned additional accrual for the bpd fee and increased commercial expenses of $109 million in preparation for new product launches.
historically, under our enbrel collaboration agreement, we paid pfizer a percentage of annual gross profits on our enbrel sales in the united states and canada on a scale that increased with gross profits. the enbrel co-promotion term expired on october 31, 2013, and we are required to pay pfizer residual royalties on a declining percentage of net enbrel sales in the united states and canada. the royalty percentage was 12% through october 31, 2014, declining to 11% through october 31, 2015, and 10% through october 31, 2016. effective november 1, 2016, there will be no further royalty payments.
other other operating expenses for 2015 included $91 million of charges related to legal proceedings, certain charges related to our restructuring initiatives, primarily separation costs of $49 million, $31 million of write-offs of non-key assets acquired in a prior year business combination, and $111 million of gains from the sale of assets related to our site closures.
other operating expenses for 2014 included certain charges related to our restructuring plan, primarily separation costs of $377 million. it also included a $46 million write-off of a non-key ipr&d program acquired in a prior year business combination.
other operating expenses for 2013 included $113 million of adjustments to our estimated contingent consideration liability related to the biovex group, inc. (biovex) business combination, certain charges related to our other cost savings initiatives of $71 million, which included severance expenses, and $12 million of other charges related primarily to legal proceedings.
non-operating expenses/income and provision for income taxes non-operating expenses/income and provision for income taxes were as follows (dollar amounts in millions):
interest expense, net the increase in interest expense, net in 2015 compared with 2014 was due primarily to a higher average amount of fixed rate debt outstanding, offset partially by the impacts of repayment of variable rate debt. the increase in interest expense, net in 2014 compared with 2013 was due primarily to a higher average balance of debt outstanding, offset partially by lower average borrowing rates.
interest and other income, net the increase in interest and other income, net for 2015 compared with 2014 was due primarily to higher interest income as a result of higher average cash and investment balances with a modestly higher portfolio yield, offset partially by net losses on sales of interest bearing securities in 2015. the increase in interest and other income, net for 2014 compared with 2013 was due primarily to interest earned as a result of a higher average balance of cash and investments offset partially by a reduction in income realized from the sale of investments in 2014.
income taxes the increase in our effective tax rate for 2015 compared with 2014 was due primarily to the unfavorable tax impact of changes in the jurisdictional mix of income and expenses and lower domestic restructuring costs in 2015.
the increase in our effective tax rate for 2014 compared with 2013 is due primarily to two significant events that occurred during 2013. first, the settlement of our examination with the internal revenue service (irs) for the years ended december 31, 2007, 2008 and 2009, in which we agreed to certain adjustments proposed by the irs and remeasured our unrecognized tax benefits (utbs) accordingly, resulting in a benefit of approximately $185 million. second, because the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 was not enacted until 2013, certain provisions of the act benefiting the company's 2012 federal taxes, including the retroactive extension of the r&d tax credit for 2012, were not recognized in the company's 2012 financial results and instead are reflected in the company's 2013 financial results. therefore, our effective tax rate for 2013 included an additional $70 million benefit for the full-year 2012 r&d tax credit. the increase was offset partially by the favorable tax impact of changes in the jurisdictional mix of income and expenses.
the effective tax rates for 2015, 2014 and 2013 would have been approximately 16.4%, 12.8% and 9.2%, respectively, without the impact of the tax credits associated with the puerto rico excise tax.
as permitted under u.s. gaap, we do not provide for u.s. income taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign operations that are intended to be invested indefinitely outside the united states.
see summary of critical accounting policies-income taxes and part iv-note 5, income taxes, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources selected financial data was as follows (in millions):
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities     $31,382             $27,026
current portion of long-term debt                     $2,250                $500
we intend to continue to return capital to stockholders through the payment of cash dividends and stock repurchases reflecting our confidence in the future cash flows of our business. the timing and amount of future dividends and stock repurchases will vary based on a number of factors, including future capital requirements for strategic transactions, the availability of financing on acceptable terms, debt service requirements, our credit rating, changes to applicable tax laws or corporate laws, changes to our business model and periodic determination by our board of directors that cash dividends and/or stock repurchases are in the best interests of stockholders and are in compliance with applicable laws and agreements of the company. in addition, the timing and amount of stock repurchases may also be affected by the stock price and blackout periods in which we are restricted from repurchasing stock. the manner of stock repurchases may include private block purchases, tender offers and market transactions.
the board of directors declared quarterly cash dividends of $0.47 per share of common stock in 2013, increased our quarterly cash dividend by 30% to $0.61 per share of common stock in 2014 and increased our quarterly cash dividend by 30% to $0.79 per share of common stock in 2015. in december 2015, the board of directors declared a dividend of $1.00 per share of common stock for the first quarter of 2016, an increase of 27%, to be paid in march 2016.
we have also returned capital to stockholders through our stock repurchase program. during the first quarter of 2013, we spent $832 million to repurchase shares of our common stock. during the fourth quarter of 2014, we repurchased $153 million of common stock, of which $138 million was paid in cash by december 31, 2014. during 2015, we repurchased $1.9 billion of common stock. as of december 31, 2015, $4.9 billion remained available under the board of directors-approved stock repurchase program.
we believe that existing funds, cash generated from operations and existing sources of and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital; capital expenditure and debt service requirements; our plans to pay dividends and repurchase stock; and other business initiatives we plan to strategically pursue, including acquisitions and licensing activities. we anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities, sales of marketable securities, borrowings through commercial paper and/or our syndicated credit facilities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets and equity markets. with respect to our u.s. operations, we believe that existing funds intended for use in the united states; cash generated from our u.s. operations, including intercompany payments and receipts; and existing sources of and access to financing (collectively referred to as "u.s. funds") are adequate to continue to meet our u.s. obligations (including our plans to pay dividends and repurchase stock with u.s. funds) for the foreseeable future. see part i, item 1a. risk factors-global economic conditions may negatively affect us and may magnify certain risks that affect our business.
a significant portion of our operating cash flows is dependent on the timing of payments from our customers located in the united states and, to a lesser extent, our customers outside the united states, which include government-owned or -supported healthcare providers (government healthcare providers). payments from these government healthcare providers are dependent in part on the economic stability and creditworthiness of their applicable country. historically, some payments from a number of european government healthcare providers have extended beyond the contractual terms of sale, and regional economic uncertainty continues. in particular, credit and economic conditions in southern europe, particularly in spain, italy, greece and portugal, continue to adversely impact the timing of collections of our trade receivables in this region. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, accounts receivable in these four countries totaled $222 million and $223 million, respectively. of these receivables, $127 million and $124 million were past due as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. although economic conditions in this region may continue to affect the average length of time it takes to collect payments, to date we have not incurred any significant losses related to these receivables; and the timing of payments in these countries has not had nor is it currently expected to have a material adverse impact on our overall operating cash flows. however, if government funding for healthcare were to become unavailable in these countries or if significant adverse adjustments to past payment practices were to occur, we might not be able to collect the entire balance of these receivables. we will continue working closely with these customers, monitoring the economic situation and taking appropriate actions as necessary.
cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities of our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities totaling approximately $31.4 billion as of december 31, 2015, approximately $29.0 billion was generated from operations in foreign tax jurisdictions and is intended to be invested indefinitely outside the united states. under current tax laws, if these funds were repatriated for use in our u.s. operations, we would be required to pay additional income taxes at the tax rates then in effect.
the primary objective of our investment portfolio is to enhance overall returns in an efficient manner while maintaining safety of principal, prudent levels of liquidity and acceptable levels of risk. our investment policy limits interest-bearing security investments to certain types of debt and money market instruments issued by institutions with primarily investment grade credit ratings and places restrictions on maturities and concentration by asset class and issuer.
financing arrangements the current and noncurrent portions of our long-term borrowings at december 31, 2015, were $2.3 billion and $29.3 billion, respectively. the current and noncurrent portions of our long-term borrowings at december 31, 2014, were $0.5 billion and $30.2 billion, respectively. as of december 31, 2015, standard & poor's financial services llc (s&p), moody's investor service, inc. (moody's) and fitch, inc. (fitch) assigned credit ratings to our outstanding senior notes of a with a stable outlook, baa1 with a stable outlook and bbb with a stable outlook, respectively, which are considered investment grade. unfavorable changes to these ratings may have an adverse impact on future financings and would affect the interest rate paid under our term loan credit facility.
during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we issued long-term debt with aggregate principal amounts of $3.5 billion, $4.5 billion, and $8.1 billion, respectively. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we repaid debt of $2.4 billion, $5.6 billion, and $3.4 billion, respectively. for information regarding specific issuances and repayments of debt, see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements.
to achieve a desired mix of fixed and floating interest rate debt, we entered into interest rate swap contracts that effectively converted a fixed-rate interest coupon for certain of our debt issuances to a floating london interbank offered rates (libor)-based coupon over the life of the respective note. these interest rate swap contracts qualified and are designated as fair value hedges. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had interest rate swap contracts with aggregate notional amounts of $6.65 billion. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, and note 17, derivative instruments, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our interest rate swap contracts.
to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with certain of our long-term notes denominated in foreign currencies, we entered into cross-currency swap contracts, which effectively convert the interest payments and principal repayment of the respective notes from euros/pounds sterling to u.s. dollars. these cross-currency swap contracts qualify and are designated as cash flow hedges. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had cross-currency swap contracts with aggregate notional amounts of $2.7 billion. see part iv-note 17, derivative instruments, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our cross-currency swap contracts.
as of december 31, 2015, we had a commercial paper program that allows us to issue up to $2.5 billion of unsecured commercial paper to fund our working capital needs. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had no amounts outstanding under our commercial paper program.
in july 2014, we entered into a $2.5 billion syndicated, unsecured, revolving credit agreement which is available for general corporate purposes or as a liquidity backstop to our commercial paper program. the commitments under the revolving credit agreement may be increased by up to $500 million with the agreement of the banks. each bank which is a party to the agreement has an initial commitment term of five years. this term may be extended for up to two additional one-year periods with the agreement of the banks. annual commitment fees for this agreement are 0.1% based on our current credit rating. generally, we would be charged interest at libor plus 0.9% for any amounts borrowed under this facility. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, no amounts were outstanding under this facility.
in february 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement with the sec which allows us to issue unspecified amounts of debt securities; common stock; preferred stock; warrants to purchase debt securities, common stock, preferred stock or depository shares; rights to purchase common stock or preferred stock; securities purchase contracts; securities purchase units; and depository shares. under this shelf registration statement, all of the securities available for issuance may be offered from time to time with terms to be determined at the time of issuance. this shelf registration statement expires in february 2017.
in 1997, we established a $400 million medium-term note program under which medium-term debt securities may be offered from time to time with terms to be determined at the time of issuance. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, no securities were outstanding under this medium-term note program.
certain of our financing arrangements contain non-financial covenants. in addition, our revolving credit agreement and term loan credit facility each includes a financial covenant with respect to the level of our borrowings in relation to our equity, as defined. we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under these arrangements as of december 31, 2015.
see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our financing arrangements.
cash flows a summary of our cash flow activity was as follows (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                $9,077                $8,555                $6,291
operating cash provided by operating activities has been and is expected to continue to be our primary recurring source of funds. cash provided by operating activities increased during 2015 due primarily to improvement in our operating margin and the effective termination of foreign currency contracts that resulted in the receipt of $340 million in cash, offset by the timing of payment to vendors and cash received from customers. cash provided by operating activities increased during 2014 due primarily to higher revenues, higher operating income, including the impact of the expiration of the enbrel co-promotion term on october 31, 2013, and improvements in working capital.
investing capital expenditures, which were associated primarily with manufacturing capacity expansions in singapore, puerto rico and ireland, as well as other site developments, totaled $594 million, $718 million and $693 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we currently estimate 2016 spending on capital projects and equipment to be approximately $700 million.
cash used in investing activities during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, also included the cost of acquiring certain businesses, net of cash acquired, which totaled $359 million, $165 million and $9.4 billion, respectively. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, $55 million and $285 million, respectively, was used to purchase intangible assets.
net activity related to marketable securities and restricted investments used $4.4 billion in 2015 and 2014, and provided $1.7 billion in 2013.
financing cash used in financing activities during 2015 was due primarily to the repayment of long-term debt of $2.4 billion, the payment of dividends of $2.4 billion, repurchases of our common stock of $1.9 billion and the settlement of obligations incurred in connection with the acquisitions of businesses of $253 million. these payments were offset partially by net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $3.5 billion. cash used in financing activities during 2014 was due primarily to the repayment of long-term debt of $5.6 billion, the payment of dividends of $1.9 billion and repurchases of our common stock of $138 million. these payments were offset partially by net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $4.5 billion and net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the company's equity award programs of $186 million. cash provided by financing activities during 2013 was due primarily to net proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt of $8.1 billion and net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with the company's equity award programs of $296 million. these receipts were offset partially by the repayment of long-term debt of $3.4 billion, the payment of dividends of $1.4 billion and repurchases of our common stock of $832 million.
see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, and note 15, stockholders' equity, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that are material or reasonably likely to become material to our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations.
contractual obligations contractual obligations represent future cash commitments and liabilities under agreements with third parties, and exclude contingent liabilities for which we cannot reasonably predict future payment. additionally, the expected timing of payment of the obligations presented below is estimated based on current information. timing of payments and actual amounts paid may be different depending on the timing of receipt of goods or services or changes to agreed-upon terms or amounts for some obligations.
payments due by period as of december 31, 2015
operating lease obligations                        749                   127                   224                   199                     199
(1)   long-term debt obligations include future interest payments which are included in our financing arrangements at the fixed contractual coupon rates. to achieve a desired mix of fixed and floating interest rate debt, we enter into interest rate swap contracts that effectively convert a fixed rate interest coupon for certain of our debt issuances to a floating libor-based coupon over the life of the respective note. we used an interest rate forward curve at december 31, 2015, in computing net amounts to be paid or received under our interest rate swap contracts which resulted in an aggregate net decrease in future interest payments of $83 million. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our interest swap contracts.
(2)   long-term debt obligations include future interest payments under our term loan at libor-based variable rates of interest. we used an interest rate forward curve at december 31, 2015, in computing interest payments on this debt obligation. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of this debt obligation.
(3)   long-term debt obligations include contractual interest payments and principal repayment of our foreign denominated debt obligations. in order to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk associated with certain of our pound sterling and euro denominated long-term debt, we entered into cross-currency swap contracts that effectively convert interest payments and principal repayment on this debt from euros/pounds sterling to u.s. dollars. for purposes of this table, we used the contracted exchange rates in the cross-currency swap contracts to compute the net amounts of future interest payments and principal repayments on this debt. see part iv-note 17, derivative instruments, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our cross-currency swap contracts.
(4)   interest payments and the repayment of principal on our 4.375% 2018 euro notes were translated into u.s. dollars at the foreign currency exchange rate in effect at december 31, 2015. see part iv-note 14, financing arrangements, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our long-term debt obligations.
(5)   purchase obligations relate primarily to: (i) r&amp;d commitments (including those related to clinical trials) for new and existing products; (ii) capital expenditures; and (iii) open purchase orders for the acquisition of goods and services in the ordinary course of business. our obligation to pay certain of these amounts may be reduced based on certain future events.
(6)   liabilities for utbs (net of foreign tax credits and federal tax benefit of state taxes) and related accrued interest and penalties totaling approximately $2.0 billion at december 31, 2015, are not included in the table above because, due to their nature, there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash outflows and other events that extinguish these liabilities.
in addition to amounts in the table above, we are contractually obligated to pay additional amounts, which in the aggregate are significant, upon the achievement of various development, regulatory and commercial milestones for agreements we have entered into with third parties, including contingent consideration incurred in the acquisitions of dezima pharma b.v. (dezima) and biovex. these payments are contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, substantially all of which have a high degree of uncertainty of occurring. these contingent payments have not been included in the table above, and, except with respect to the fair value of the contingent consideration obligations, are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. as of december 31, 2015, the maximum amount that may be payable in the future for agreements we have entered into with third parties is approximately $5.0 billion, including $1.6 billion of contingent consideration payments in connection with the acquisitions of dezima and biovex. see part iv-note 16, fair value measurement to the consolidated financial statements.
summary of critical accounting policies the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the notes to the financial statements. some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
product sales and sales deductions revenues from sales of our products are recognized when the products are shipped and title and risk of loss have passed. product sales are recorded net of accruals for estimated rebates, wholesaler chargebacks, cash discounts and other deductions (collectively, "sales deductions") and returns, which are established at the time of sale.
we analyze the adequacy of our accruals for sales deductions quarterly. amounts accrued for sales deductions are adjusted when trends or significant events indicate that adjustment is appropriate. accruals are also adjusted to reflect actual results. amounts recorded in accrued liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets for sales deductions were as follows (in millions):
rebates           chargebacks            other deductions           total balance as of january 1, 2013                $847                 $167                      $115              $1,129
balance as of december 31, 2013               895                  251                       102               1,248
balance as of december 31, 2014             1,120                  196                        63               1,379
balance as of december 31, 2015            $1,119                 $273                       $94              $1,486
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, total sales deductions were 27%, 25% and 23% of gross product sales, respectively. included in the amounts are immaterial adjustments related to prior-year sales due to changes in estimates. such amounts represent less than 3% of the aggregate sales deductions charged against product sales in each of the three years ended december 31, 2015.
in the united states, we utilize wholesalers as the principal means of distributing our products to healthcare providers, such as physicians or their clinics, dialysis centers, hospitals and pharmacies. products we sell in europe are distributed principally to hospitals and/or wholesalers depending on the distribution practice in each country where the product is sold. we monitor the inventory levels of our products at our wholesalers by using data from our wholesalers and other third parties, and we believe wholesaler inventories have been maintained at appropriate levels (generally two to three weeks) given end-user demand. accordingly, historical fluctuations in wholesaler inventory levels have not significantly impacted our method of estimating sales deductions and returns.
accruals for sales deductions are based primarily on estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales. these estimates take into consideration current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, internal and external historical data and forecasted customer buying patterns. sales deductions are substantially product-specific and, therefore, for any given year, can be impacted by the mix of products sold.
rebates include primarily amounts paid to payers and providers in the united states, including those paid to state medicaid programs, and are based on contractual arrangements or statutory requirements which vary by product, by payer and by individual payer plans. as we sell product, we estimate the amount of rebate we will pay based on the product sold, contractual terms, estimated patient population, historical experience and wholesaler inventory levels and accrue these rebates in the period the related sale is recorded. we then adjust the rebate accruals as more information becomes available and to reflect actual claims experience. estimating such rebates is complicated, in part because of the time delay between the date of sale and the actual settlement of the liability. we believe the methodology we use to accrue for rebates is reasonable and appropriate given current facts and circumstances, but actual results may differ. for example, we had managed medicaid rebate adjustments of $164 million in 2013. changes in annual estimates related to prior annual periods were less than 3% of the estimated rebate amounts charged against product sales for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, and less than 10% for the year ended december 31, 2013, including the aforementioned adjustment. a 10% change in our rebate estimate attributable to rebates recognized in 2015 would
have had an impact of approximately $270 million, or approximately 1% of our 2015 product sales and a corresponding impact on our financial condition and liquidity.
wholesaler chargebacks relate to our contractual agreements to sell products to healthcare providers in the united states at fixed prices that are lower than the prices we charge wholesalers. when healthcare providers purchase our products through wholesalers at these reduced prices, wholesalers charge us for the difference between their purchase price and the contractual price between amgen and the healthcare providers. the provision for chargebacks is based on the expected sales by our wholesaler customers to healthcare providers. accruals for wholesaler chargebacks are less difficult to estimate than rebates and closely approximate actual results since chargeback amounts are fixed at the date of purchase by the healthcare providers, and we generally settle the liability for these deductions within a few weeks.
product returns returns are estimated through comparison of historical return data to their related sales on a production lot basis. historical rates of return are determined for each product and are adjusted for known or expected changes in the marketplace specific to each product, when appropriate. in each of the past three years, sales return provisions have amounted to less than 1% of gross product sales. changes in estimates for prior-year sales return provisions have historically been insignificant.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements on a particular tax position are measured based on the largest benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. the amount of utbs is adjusted as appropriate for changes in facts and circumstances, such as significant amendments to existing tax law, new regulations or interpretations by the taxing authorities, new information obtained during a tax examination, or resolution of an examination. we believe our estimates for uncertain tax positions are appropriate and sufficient for any assessments that may result from examinations of our tax returns. we recognize both accrued interest and penalties, where appropriate, related to utbs in income tax expense.
certain items are included in the company's tax return at different times than they are reflected in the financial statements and cause temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts. such temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are generally items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in the tax return in future years but for which the company has already recorded the tax benefit in the financial statements. the company establishes valuation allowances against its deferred tax assets when the amount of expected future taxable income is not likely to support the use of the deduction or credit. deferred tax liabilities are either: (i) tax expenses recognized in the financial statements for which payment has been deferred; (ii) expenses for which the company has already taken a deduction on the tax return, but has not yet recognized the expense in the financial statements; or (iii) liabilities for the difference between the book basis and tax basis of the intangible assets acquired in many business combinations, as future expenses associated with these assets most often will not be tax deductible.
the company is a vertically integrated enterprise with operations in the united states and various foreign jurisdictions. the company is subject to income tax in the foreign jurisdictions where it conducts activities based on the tax laws and principles of such jurisdictions and the functions, risks and activities performed therein. the company's pretax income is therefore attributed to domestic or foreign sources based on the operations performed in each location and the tax laws and principles of the respective taxing jurisdictions. for example, the company conducts significant operations outside the united states in puerto rico pertaining to manufacturing, distribution and other related functions to meet its worldwide product demand. income from the company's operations in puerto rico is subject to a tax incentive grant that expires in 2020.
our effective tax rate reflects the impact of undistributed foreign earnings for which no u.s. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes have been provided because such earnings are intended to be invested indefinitely outside the united states. substantially all of this benefit is attributable to the company's foreign income associated with the company's operations conducted in puerto rico.
if future events, including material changes in cash, working capital and long-term investment requirements necessitate that certain assets associated with these earnings be repatriated to the united states, under current tax laws an additional tax provision and related liability would be required at the applicable income tax rates which could have a material adverse effect on both our future effective tax rate and our financial results.
our operations are subject to the tax laws, regulations and administrative practices of the united states, u.s. state jurisdictions and other countries in which we do business. significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations. see part i, item 1a. risk factors-the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability.
contingencies in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various legal proceedings and other matters such as intellectual property disputes, contractual disputes, governmental investigations and class action suits which are complex in nature and have outcomes that are difficult to predict. (certain of these proceedings are discussed in part iv-note 18, contingencies and commitments, to the consolidated financial statements.) we record accruals for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the related loss can be reasonably estimated. we consider all relevant factors when making assessments regarding these contingencies.
while it is not possible to accurately predict or determine the eventual outcomes of these items, an adverse determination in one or more of these items currently pending could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
valuation of assets and liabilities in connection with business combinations we have acquired and continue to acquire intangible assets in connection with business combinations. these intangible assets consist primarily of technology associated with currently marketed human therapeutic products and ipr&d product candidates. discounted cash flow models are typically used to determine the fair values of these intangible assets for purposes of allocating consideration paid to the net assets acquired in a business combination. these models require the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to:
•   determining the timing and expected costs to complete in-process projects taking into account the stage of completion at the acquisition date;
•   projecting the probability and timing of obtaining marketing approval from the fda and other regulatory agencies for product candidates;
•   estimating the timing of and future net cash flows from product sales resulting from completed products and in-process projects; and
•   developing appropriate discount rates to calculate the present values of the cash flows.
significant estimates and assumptions are also required to determine the acquisition date fair values of any contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with business combinations. in addition, we must revalue these obligations each subsequent reporting period until the related contingencies are resolved and record changes in their fair values in earnings. the acquisition date fair values of various contingent consideration obligations incurred or assumed in the acquisitions of businesses (see part iv-note 3, business combinations, and note 16, fair value measurement, to the consolidated financial statements) were determined using a combination of valuation techniques. significant estimates and assumptions required for these valuations included, but were not limited to, the probability of achieving regulatory milestones, product sales projections under various scenarios and discount rates used to calculate the present value of the required payments. these estimates and assumptions are required to be updated in order to revalue these contingent consideration obligations each reporting period. accordingly, subsequent changes in underlying facts and circumstances could result in changes in these estimates and assumptions, which could have a material impact on the estimated future fair values of these obligations.
we believe the fair values used to record intangible assets acquired and contingent consideration obligations incurred in connection with business combinations are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related valuation dates.
impairment of long-lived assets we review the carrying value of our property, plant and equipment and our finite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. if such circumstances exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows to be generated by the long-lived asset is compared to the carrying value to determine whether an impairment exists. if an asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset's fair value and its carrying value.
indefinite-lived intangible assets, composed of ipr&d projects acquired in a business combination which have not reached technological feasibility or lack regulatory approval at the time of acquisition, are reviewed for impairment annually, whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable and upon establishment of technological feasibility or regulatory approval. we determine impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying value. if the asset's carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference and its carrying value is reduced accordingly.
estimating future cash flows of an ipr&d product candidate for purposes of an impairment analysis requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions regarding the amount and timing of costs to complete the project and the amount, timing and probability of achieving revenues from the completed product similar to how the acquisition date fair value of the project was determined, as described above. there are often major risks and uncertainties associated with ipr&d projects as we are required to obtain regulatory approvals in order to be able to market these products. such approvals require completing clinical trials that demonstrate a product candidate is safe and effective. consequently, the eventual realized value of the acquired ipr&d project may vary from its estimated fair value at the date of acquisition, and ipr&d impairment charges may occur in future periods which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we believe our estimations of future cash flows used for assessing impairment of long-lived assets are based on reasonable assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related dates of the assessments.