item 1a.   risk factors decrease in demand for our communications sites would materially and adversely affect our operating results, and we cannot control that demand.
a significant reduction in leasing demand for our communications sites and, to a lesser extent, demand for our services, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. factors that may affect such demand include:
•   increased use of network sharing or mergers or consolidations among wireless service providers;
•   zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof;
•   governmental licensing of spectrum or restricting or revoking our customers' spectrum licenses;
•   a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services, including due to general economic conditions or disruption in the financial and credit markets;
•   the ability and willingness of wireless service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure;
•   the financial condition of wireless service providers;
•   delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies; and
•   technological changes.
if our tenants share site infrastructure to a significant degree or consolidate or merge, our growth, revenue and ability to generate positive cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
extensive sharing of site infrastructure, roaming or resale arrangements among wireless service providers as an alternative to leasing our communications sites, without compensation to us, may cause new lease activity to slow if carriers utilize shared equipment rather than deploy new equipment, or may result in the decommissioning of equipment on certain existing sites because portions of the tenants' networks may become redundant. in addition, significant consolidation among our tenants may materially and adversely affect our growth and revenues. certain combined companies have rationalized duplicative parts of their networks or modernized their networks, and these and other tenants could determine not to renew leases with us as a result. our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are not renewed.
our industry is highly competitive and our tenants have numerous alternatives in leasing antenna space. competitive pricing from competitors could materially and adversely affect our lease rates. we may not be able to renew existing tenant leases or enter into new tenant leases, or if we are able to renew or enter new leases, it may be at rates lower than our current rates, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and growth rate. in addition, should inflation rates exceed our fixed escalator percentages in markets where our leases include fixed escalators, our income could be adversely affected.
we may experience increased competition for assets, which could make the acquisition of high quality assets significantly more costly or prohibitive. some of our competitors are larger and may have greater financial resources than we do, while other competitors may apply less stringent investment criteria than we do. in addition, we may not anticipate increased competition entering a particular market or competing for the same assets. higher prices for assets could make it more difficult to achieve our anticipated returns on investment or future growth, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our business is subject to government and tax regulations and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do.
our business and that of our tenants are subject to federal, state, local and foreign regulations. in certain jurisdictions, these regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively, which could require that we modify or dismantle existing towers. zoning authorities and community organizations are often opposed to construction of communications sites in their communities, which can delay, prevent or increase the cost of new tower construction, modifications, additions of new antennas to a site or site upgrades, thereby limiting our ability to respond to tenant demands. existing regulatory policies may materially
and adversely affect the timing or cost of construction projects associated with our communications sites and new regulations may be adopted that increase delays or result in additional costs to us, or that prevent such projects in certain locations, and noncompliance could result in the imposition of fines or an award of damages to private litigants. in certain jurisdictions, there may be changes to zoning regulations or construction laws based on site location, which may result in increased costs to modify certain of our existing towers or decreased revenue due to the removal of certain towers to ensure compliance with such changes. in addition, in certain jurisdictions, we are required to pay annual license fees, which may be subject to substantial increases by the government, or new fees may be enacted and apply retroactively. furthermore, the tax laws, regulations and interpretations governing our business in jurisdictions that we operate may change at any time, perhaps with retroactive effect. this includes potential changes in tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws arising out of the "base erosion profit shifting" or "beps" project initiated by the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd). in addition, some of these changes could have a more significant impact on us as a reit as compared to other reits due to the nature of our business and our use of trss. these factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our leverage and debt service obligations may materially and adversely affect us, including our ability to raise additional financing to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our distribution requirements.
our leverage and debt service obligations could have significant negative consequences to our business, results of operations or financial condition, including:
•   impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or principal due under those agreements, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt and the loss of the towers securing such debt if an uncured default occurs;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing, thereby increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions and placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources, including with respect to acquiring assets;
•   requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of our cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, reit distributions and preferred stock dividends; and
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete.
we may need to raise additional capital through debt financing activities, assets sales or equity issuances, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable, to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and to satisfy our distribution requirements and debt service obligations. an increase in our total leverage could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating below investment grade, which could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets or preclude us from obtaining funds on investment grade terms and conditions. further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness.
our expansion initiatives involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those related to integration of acquired or leased assets, that could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations or expose us to additional risk.
as we continue to acquire communications sites in our existing markets and expand into new markets, we are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including not meeting our return on investment criteria and financial objectives, increased costs, assumed liabilities and the diversion of managerial attention due to acquisitions. achieving the benefits of acquisitions depends in part on timely and efficiently integrating operations, communications tower portfolios and personnel. integration may be difficult and unpredictable for many reasons, including, among other things, portfolios without requisite permits, differing systems, cultural differences, and conflicting policies, procedures and operations. significant acquisition-related integration costs, including certain non-recurring charges, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which such charges are recorded or our cash flow in the period in which any related costs are actually paid. in addition, integrating businesses may significantly burden management and internal resources, including the potential loss or unavailability of key personnel. for example, the integration of the verizon assets into our operations is a significant undertaking, and we anticipate that we will continue to incur certain non-recurring charges associated with that integration, including costs for tower visits and audits and ground and tenant lease verifications. if we fail to successfully integrate the assets we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, we may not realize the benefits we expect from our acquired
portfolios, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. our international expansion initiatives are subject to additional risks such as those described in the risk factor immediately below.
as a result of prior acquisitions, we have a substantial amount of intangible assets and goodwill. in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"), we are required to assess our goodwill and other intangible assets annually or more frequently in the event of circumstances indicating potential impairment to determine if they are impaired. if the testing performed indicates that an asset may not be recoverable, we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge for the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill or other intangible assets and the implied fair value of the goodwill or the estimated fair value of other intangible assets in the period the determination is made.
our expansion initiatives may not be successful or we may be required to record impairment charges for our goodwill or for other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our foreign operations are subject to economic, political and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
our international business operations and our expansion into new markets in the future exposes us to potential adverse financial and operational problems not typically experienced in the united states. we anticipate that our revenues from our international operations will continue to grow. accordingly, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including:
•   changes to existing or new tax laws or methodologies impacting our international operations, fees directed specifically at the ownership and operation of communications sites or our international acquisitions, any of which may be applied or enforced retroactively, or failure to obtain an expected tax status for which we have applied;
•   laws or regulations that tax or otherwise restrict repatriation of earnings or other funds or otherwise limit distributions of capital;
•   changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, including inflation or currency devaluation;
•   changes to zoning regulations or construction laws, which could be applied retroactively to our existing communications sites;
•   actions restricting or revoking our customers' spectrum licenses or suspending or terminating business under prior licenses;
•   failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act or similar local anti-bribery laws, or office of foreign assets control requirements;
•   significant increase in or implementation of new license surcharges on our revenue;
•   price setting or other similar laws or regulations for the sharing of passive infrastructure; and
•   uncertain or inconsistent laws, regulations, rulings or results from legal or judicial systems, which may be enforced retroactively, and delays in the judicial process.
we also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. volatility in foreign currency exchange rates can also affect our ability to plan, forecast and budget for our international operations and expansion efforts. our revenues earned from our international operations are primarily denominated in their respective local currencies. we have not historically engaged in significant currency hedging activities relating to our non-u.s. dollar operations, and a weakening of these foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar would negatively impact our reported revenues, operating profits and income.
in our international operations, many of our tenants are subsidiaries of global telecommunications companies. these subsidiaries may not have the explicit or implied financial support of their parent entities.
in addition, as we continue to invest in joint venture opportunities internationally, our partners may have business or economic goals that are inconsistent with ours, be in positions to take action contrary to our interests, policies or objectives, have competing interests in our, or other, markets that could create conflict of interest issues, withhold consents contrary to our requests or become unable or unwilling to fulfill their commitments, any of which could expose us to additional liabilities or costs, including requiring us to assume and fulfill the obligations of that joint venture.
new technologies or changes in a tenant's business model could make our tower leasing business less desirable and result in decreasing revenues.
the development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. in addition, tenants may allocate less of their budgets to lease space on our towers, as the industry is trending towards deploying increased capital to the development and implementation of new technologies. examples of these technologies include spectrally efficient technologies, which could relieve a portion of our tenants' network capacity needs and as a result, could reduce the demand for tower-based antenna space. additionally, certain small cell complementary network technologies could shift a portion of our tenants' network investments away from the traditional tower-based networks, which may reduce the need for carriers to add more equipment at certain communications sites. moreover, the emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception. further, a tenant may decide to no longer outsource tower infrastructure or otherwise change its business model, which would result in a decrease in our revenue. the development and implementation of any of these and similar technologies to any significant degree or changes in a tenant's business model could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
a substantial portion of our revenue is derived from a small number of tenants, and we are sensitive to changes in the creditworthiness and financial strength of our tenants.
a substantial portion of our total operating revenues is derived from a small number of tenants. if any of these tenants is unwilling or unable to perform its obligations under our agreements with it, our revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. in the ordinary course of our business, we do occasionally experience disputes with our tenants, generally regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases. historically, we have resolved these disputes in a manner that did not have a material adverse effect on us or our tenant relationships. however, it is possible that such disputes could lead to a termination of our leases with tenants or a material modification of the terms of those leases, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. if we are forced to resolve any of these disputes through litigation, our relationship with the applicable tenant could be terminated or damaged, which could lead to decreased revenue or increased costs, resulting in a corresponding adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
due to the long-term nature of our tenant leases, we depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants. many wireless service providers operate with substantial leverage. sometimes our tenants, or their parent companies, face financial difficulty or file for bankruptcy.
in addition, many of our tenants and potential tenants rely on capital raising activities to fund their operations and capital expenditures, which may be more difficult or expensive in the event of downturns in the economy or disruptions in the financial and credit markets. if our tenants or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans, they may reduce their spending, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our services business. if, as a result of a prolonged economic downturn or otherwise, one or more of our significant tenants experienced financial difficulties or filed for bankruptcy, it could result in uncollectible accounts receivable and an impairment of our deferred rent asset, tower asset, network location intangible asset or customer-related intangible asset. the loss of significant tenants, or the loss of all or a portion of our anticipated lease revenues from certain tenants, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates, which may substantially reduce funds otherwise available, and even if we qualify for taxation as a reit, we may face tax liabilities that impact earnings and available cash flow.
qualification for taxation as a reit requires the application of certain highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. further, tax reform proposals, if enacted, may adversely affect our ability to remain qualified for taxation as a reit or the benefits of remaining so qualified. there are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of the relevant provisions of the code.
if, in any taxable year, we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit and are not entitled to relief under the code:
we are subject to certain federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including alternative minimum taxes, taxes on any undistributed income and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. while state and local income tax regimes often parallel the u.s. federal income tax regime for reits, many of these jurisdictions do not completely follow u.s. federal rules and some may not follow them at all.  for example, some state and local jurisdictions currently or in the future may limit or eliminate a reit's deduction for dividends paid, which could increase our income tax expense. we are also subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the u.s. internal revenue service and state, local and foreign tax authorities. the results of an audit and examination of previously filed tax returns and continuing assessments of our tax exposures may have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability.
any corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes. if we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit, we may need to borrow additional funds or liquidate some investments to pay any additional tax liability. accordingly, funds available for investment, operations and distribution would be reduced.
furthermore, as a result of our acquisition of mip tower holdings llc ("mipt"), we owned an interest in a subsidiary reit. effective july 25, 2015, we filed a tax election, pursuant to which mipt no longer operates as a separate reit. the statute of limitations is still open for certain years and mipt's qualification as a reit could still be challenged. as such, for all open years, we must demonstrate that the subsidiary reit complied with the same reit requirements that we must satisfy in order to qualify as a reit, together with all other rules applicable to reits. if the subsidiary reit is determined to have failed to qualify as a reit for any of the open years, and certain relief provisions do not apply, then (i) the subsidiary reit would have been subject to federal income tax for such year, which tax we would inherit along with applicable penalties and interest; (ii) the subsidiary reit would be disqualified from treatment as a reit for the remaining taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost; (iii) for those years in which the subsidiary reit failed to qualify as a reit, our ownership of shares in such subsidiary reit would have failed to be a qualifying asset for purposes of the asset tests applicable to reits and any dividend income or gains derived by us from such subsidiary reit may cease to be treated as income that qualifies for purposes of the 75% gross income test and (iv) we may have failed certain of the asset tests applicable to reits, in which event we would fail to qualify as a reit for those periods unless we are able to avail ourselves of specified relief provisions.
complying with reit requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities.
our use of trss enables us to engage in non-reit qualifying business activities. under the code, no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss and other non-qualifying assets. effective january 1, 2018, this limitation is reduced to 20%. this limitation may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-qualifying assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our trss, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy.
specifically, this limitation may affect our ability to make additional investments in our managed networks business or services segment as currently structured and operated, in other non-reit qualifying operations or assets, or in international operations conducted through trss that we do not elect to bring into the reit structure. further, acquisition opportunities in u.s. and international markets may be adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with certain reit requirements prior to closing.
further, as a reit, we must distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of the reit taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). to meet our annual distribution requirements, we may be required to distribute amounts that may otherwise be used for our operations, including amounts that may otherwise be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt. as no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our trss and other non-qualifying types of income, our ability to receive distributions from our trss may be limited and may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders or to use income of our trss to fund other investments.
in addition, the majority of our income and cash flows from our trss are generated from our international operations. in many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the united states to help satisfy reit distribution requirements.
if we are unable to protect our rights to the land under our towers, it could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our real property interests relating to our towers consist primarily of leasehold and sub-leasehold interests, fee interests, easements, licenses and rights-of-way. a loss of these interests at a particular tower site may interfere with our ability to operate tower sites and generate revenues. for various reasons, we may not always have the ability to access, analyze and verify all information regarding titles and other issues prior to completing an acquisition of communications sites, which can affect our rights to access and operate a site. from time to time we also experience disputes with landowners regarding the terms of ground agreements for land under towers, which can affect our ability to access and operate tower sites. further, for various reasons, landowners may not want to renew their ground agreements with us, they may lose their rights to the land, or they may transfer their land interests to third parties, including ground lease aggregators, which could affect our ability to renew ground agreements on commercially viable terms. a significant number of the communications sites in our portfolio are located on land we lease pursuant to long-term operating leases. further, for various reasons, title to property interests in some of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate may not be as certain as title to our property interests in the united states. our inability to protect our rights to the land under our towers may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
if we are unable or choose not to exercise our rights to purchase towers that are subject to lease and sublease agreements at the end of the applicable period, our cash flows derived from such towers will be eliminated.
our communications real estate portfolio includes towers that we operate pursuant to lease and sublease agreements that include a purchase option at the end of each lease period. we may not have the required available capital to exercise our right to purchase leased or subleased towers at the end of the applicable period, or we may choose, for business or other reasons, not to exercise our right to purchase such towers. in the event that we do not exercise these purchase rights, or are otherwise unable to acquire an interest that would allow us to continue to operate these towers after the applicable period, we will lose the cash flows derived from such towers. in the event that we decide to exercise these purchase rights, the benefits of the acquisitions of a significant number of towers may not exceed the associated acquisition, compliance and integration costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
restrictive covenants in the agreements related to our securitization transactions, our credit facilities and our debt securities and the terms of our preferred stock could materially and adversely affect our business by limiting flexibility, and we may be prohibited from paying dividends on our common stock, which may jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit.
the agreements related to our securitization transactions include operating covenants and other restrictions customary for loans subject to rated securitizations. among other things, the borrowers under the agreements are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. a failure to comply with the covenants in the agreements could prevent the borrowers from taking certain actions with respect to the secured assets and could prevent the borrowers from distributing any excess cash from the operation of such assets to us. if the borrowers were to default on any of the loans, the servicer on such loan could seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of the secured assets, in which case we could lose such assets and the cash flow associated with such assets.
the agreements for our credit facilities also contain restrictive covenants and leverage and other financial maintenance tests that could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness or making distributions to stockholders, including our required reit distributions, and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. additionally, our debt agreements restrict our and our subsidiaries' ability to incur liens securing our or their indebtedness. these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, new tower development, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities. further, reporting and information covenants in our credit agreements and indentures require that we provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. if we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants. for more information regarding the covenants and requirements discussed above, please see item 7 of this annual report under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources-factors affecting sources of liquidity" and note 8 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
the terms of our preferred stock provide that, unless full cumulative dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all outstanding preferred stock for all prior dividend periods, no dividends may be declared or paid on our common stock. a
failure to pay dividends on both our preferred and our common stock might jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit for federal income tax purposes. even if these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit, they may prevent us from distributing 100% of our reit taxable income, making us subject to federal corporate income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts.
our costs could increase and our revenues could decrease due to perceived health risks from radio emissions, especially if these perceived risks are substantiated.
public perception of possible health risks associated with cellular and other wireless communications technology could slow the growth of wireless companies, which could in turn slow our growth. in particular, negative public perception of, and regulations regarding, these perceived health risks could undermine the market acceptance of wireless communications services and increase opposition to the development and expansion of tower sites. if a scientific study or court decision resulted in a finding that radio frequency emissions pose health risks to consumers, it could negatively impact our tenants and the market for wireless services, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. we do not maintain any significant insurance with respect to these matters.
we could have liability under environmental and occupational safety and health laws.
our operations are subject to the requirements of various federal, state, local and foreign environmental and occupational safety and health laws and regulations, including those relating to the management, use, storage, disposal, emission and remediation of, and exposure to, hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. as the owner, lessee or operator of real property and facilities, including generators, we may be liable for substantial costs of investigation, removal or remediation of soil and groundwater contaminated by hazardous materials, and for damages and costs relating to off-site migration of hazardous materials, without regard to whether we, as the owner, lessee or operator, knew of, or were responsible for, the contamination. we may also be liable for certain costs of remediating contamination at third-party sites to which we sent waste for disposal, even if the original disposal may have complied with all legal requirements at the time. many of these laws and regulations contain information reporting and record keeping requirements. we may not be at all times in compliance with all environmental requirements. we may be subject to potentially significant fines or penalties if we fail to comply with any of these requirements. the requirements of these laws and regulations are complex, change frequently and could become more stringent in the future. in certain jurisdictions these laws and regulations could be applied or enforced retroactively. it is possible that these requirements will change or that liabilities will arise in the future in a manner that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our towers, data centers or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage.
our towers are subject to risks associated with natural disasters, such as ice and wind storms, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes, as well as other unforeseen events, such as acts of terrorism. any damage or destruction to, or inability to access, our towers or data centers may impact our ability to provide services to our tenants and lead to tenant loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
as part of our normal business activities, we rely on information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational, reporting and compliance activities and to maintain our business records. our computer systems could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (including through cyber attack and data theft), usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. although we have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations or unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information (including information about our tenants or landlords), which could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues.
while we maintain insurance coverage for natural disasters, we may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction for a major future event. we carry business interruption insurance, but our insurance may not adequately cover all of our lost revenue, including from new tenants that could have been added to our towers but for the event. further, we may be liable for damage caused by towers that collapse for any number of reasons including structural deficiencies, which could harm our reputation and require us to incur costs for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations that follow are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the financial statements. this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report and the accompanying notes, and the information set forth under the caption "critical accounting policies and estimates" below.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, as a result of recent investment activity, including signed acquisitions, we reviewed and changed our reportable segments to divide our international segment into regional segments. we now operate in five reportable segments: u.s. property, asia property, emea property, latin america property and services. in evaluating financial performance in each business segment, management uses, among other factors, segment gross margin and segment operating profit (see note 19 to our consolidated financial statements included herein).
executive overview we are one of the largest global reits and a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate. our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies and municipalities and tenants in a number of other industries. in addition to the communications sites in our portfolio, we manage rooftop and tower sites for property owners under various contractual arrangements. we also hold property interests that we lease to communications service providers and third-party tower operators. we refer to this business as our property operations, which accounted for 98% of our total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 and includes our u.s. property segment, asia property segment, emea property segment and latin america property segment.
we also offer tower-related services, including site acquisition, zoning and permitting and structural analysis services, which primarily support our site leasing business, including the addition of new tenants and equipment on our sites.
the following table details the number of communications sites, excluding managed sites, we owned or operated as of december 31, 2015:
number ofowned towers       number ofoperated towers (1)                  number of owned das sites domestic:
(1)   approximately 97% of the operated towers are held pursuant to long-term capital leases, including those subject to purchase options.
on october 21, 2015, we signed a definitive agreement pursuant to which we expect to acquire a 51% controlling ownership interest in viom, a telecommunications infrastructure company that owns and operates over 42,000 wireless communications towers and 200 indoor das networks in india. upon closing, we expect to consolidate the full financial results for viom.
the majority of our tenant leases with wireless carriers have an initial non-cancellable term of at least ten years, with multiple renewal terms. accordingly, nearly all of the revenue generated by our property operations during the year ended december 31, 2015 was recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. based upon foreign currency exchange rates and the tenant leases in place as of december 31, 2015, we expect to generate over $30 billion of non-cancellable tenant lease revenue over future periods, absent the impact of straight-line lease accounting. most of our tenant leases have provisions that periodically increase the rent due under the lease, typically annually based on a fixed escalation (approximately 3% in the united states) or an inflationary index in our international markets, or a combination of both. in addition, certain of our tenant leases provide for additional revenue to cover costs, such as ground rent or power and fuel costs.
the revenues generated by our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases. as discussed above, most of our tenant leases with wireless carriers and broadcasters are multiyear contracts, which typically are non-cancellable; however, in some instances, a lease may be cancelled upon the payment of a termination fee.
revenue lost from either cancellations of leases at the end of their terms or rent negotiations historically has not had a material adverse effect on the revenues generated by our property operations. during the year ended december 31, 2015, loss of revenue from tenant lease cancellations or renegotiations represented less than 2% of our property operations revenues.
property operations revenue growth. due to our diversified communications site portfolio, our tenant lease rates vary considerably depending upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, amount and type of tenant equipment on the tower, remaining tower capacity and tower location. we measure the remaining tower capacity by assessing several factors, including tower height, tower type, environmental conditions, existing equipment on the tower and zoning and permitting
regulations in effect in the jurisdiction where the tower is located. in many instances, tower capacity can be increased with relatively modest tower augmentation expenditures.
the primary factors affecting the revenue growth in our property segments are:
•   organic revenue from tenant leases attributable to sites that existed in our portfolio as of the beginning of the prior year period ("legacy sites");
•   contractual rent escalations on existing tenant leases, net of churn;
•   new revenue attributable to sites acquired or constructed since the beginning of the prior year period ("new sites").
we continue to believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our wireless real estate. by adding new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants on our sites, we are able to increase these sites' utilization and profitability. we believe the majority of our site leasing activity will continue to come from wireless service providers. our legacy site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks, while also deploying next generation wireless technologies. in addition, we intend to continue to supplement the organic growth on our legacy sites by selectively developing or acquiring new sites in our existing and new markets where we can achieve our risk-adjusted return on investment objectives. in a majority of our international markets, revenue also often includes the reimbursement of direct costs such as ground rent or power and fuel costs.
property operations organic revenue growth. consistent with our strategy to increase the utilization and return on investment of our legacy sites, our objective is to add new tenants and new equipment for existing tenants through collocation and lease amendments. our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. this rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions.
based on industry research and projections, we expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities for us:
•   in less advanced wireless markets where initial voice and data networks are still being deployed, we expect these deployments to drive demand for our tower space as carriers seek to expand their footprints and increase the scope and density of their networks. we have established operations in many of these markets at the early stages of wireless development, which we believe will enable us to meaningfully participate in these deployments.
•   subscribers' use of wireless data continues to grow rapidly given increasing smartphone and other advanced device penetration, the proliferation of bandwidth-intensive applications on these devices and the continuing evolution of the mobile ecosystem. we believe carriers will be compelled to deploy additional equipment on existing networks while also rolling out more advanced wireless networks to address coverage and capacity needs resulting from this increasing wireless data usage.
•   the deployment of advanced wireless technology across existing wireless networks will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. as a result, we expect our tenants to continue deploying additional equipment across their existing networks.
•   wireless service providers compete based on the quality of their existing wireless networks, which is driven by capacity and coverage. to maintain or improve their network performance as overall network usage increases, our tenants continue deploying additional equipment across their existing sites while also adding new cell sites. we anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage.
•   wireless service providers continue to acquire additional spectrum, and as a result are expected to add additional sites and equipment to their network as they seek to optimize their network configuration and utilize additional spectrum.
as part of our international expansion initiatives, we have targeted markets in various stages of network development to diversify our international exposure and position us to benefit from a number of different wireless technology deployments over
the long term. in addition, we have focused on building relationships with large multinational carriers such as airtel, telefónica s.a. and vodafone group plc. we believe that consistent carrier investments in their networks across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward.
in emerging markets, such as ghana, india, nigeria and uganda, wireless networks tend to be significantly less advanced than those in the united states, and initial voice networks continue to be deployed in underdeveloped areas. a majority of consumers in these markets still utilize basic wireless services, predominantly on feature phones, while advanced device penetration remains low. in more developed urban locations within these markets, early-stage data network deployments are underway. carriers are focused on completing voice network build-outs while also investing in initial data networks as wireless data usage and smartphone penetration within their customer bases begin to accelerate.
in markets with rapidly evolving network technology, such as south africa and most of the countries in latin america where we do business, initial voice networks, for the most part, have already been built out, and carriers are focused on 3g network build outs, with select investments in 4g technology. consumers in these regions are increasingly adopting smartphones and other advanced devices, and as a result, the usage of bandwidth-intensive mobile applications is growing materially. recent spectrum auctions in these rapidly evolving markets have allowed incumbent carriers to accelerate their data network deployments and have also enabled new entrants to begin initial investments in data networks. smartphone penetration and wireless data usage in these markets are growing rapidly, which typically requires that carriers continue to invest in their networks in order to maintain and augment their quality of service.
finally, in markets with more mature network technology, such as germany, carriers are focused on deploying 4g data networks to account for rapidly increasing wireless data usage amongst their customer base. with higher smartphone and advanced device penetration and significantly higher per capita data usage, carrier investment in networks is focused on 4g coverage and capacity.
we believe that the network technology migration we have seen in the united states, which has led to significantly denser networks and meaningful new business commencements for us over a number of years, will ultimately be replicated in our less advanced international markets. as a result, we expect to be able to leverage our extensive international portfolio of approximately 60,190 communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier customers to drive sustainable, long-term growth.
we have holistic master lease agreements with certain of our tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and a reduction in the likelihood of churn. our holistic master lease agreements build and augment strong strategic partnerships with our tenants and have significantly reduced collocation cycle times, thereby providing our tenants with the ability to rapidly and efficiently deploy equipment on our sites.
property operations new site revenue growth. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we grew our portfolio of communications real estate through the acquisition and construction of approximately 25,370 sites. in a majority of our asia, emea and latin america markets, the acquisition or construction of new sites resulted in increases in both tenant and pass-through revenues (such as ground rent or power and fuel costs) and expenses. we continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio.
property operations expenses. direct operating expenses incurred by our property segments include direct site level expenses and consist primarily of ground rent and power and fuel costs, some or all of which may be passed through to our tenants, as well as property taxes, repairs and maintenance. these segment direct operating expenses exclude all segment and corporate selling, general, administrative and development expenses, which are aggregated into one line item entitled selling, general, administrative and development expense in our consolidated statements of operations. in general, our property segments' selling, general, administrative and development expenses do not significantly increase as a result of adding incremental tenants to our legacy sites and typically increase only modestly year-over-year. as a result, leasing additional space to new tenants on our legacy sites provides significant incremental cash flow. we may, however, incur additional segment
selling, general, administrative and development expenses as we increase our presence in our existing markets or expand into new markets. our profit margin growth is therefore positively impacted by the addition of new tenants to our legacy sites and can be temporarily diluted by our development activities.
services segment revenue growth. as we continue to focus on growing our property operations, we anticipate that our services revenue will continue to represent a small percentage of our total revenues.
non-gaap financial measures included in our analysis of our results of operations are discussions regarding earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion, as adjusted ("adjusted ebitda"), funds from operations, as defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit ffo") and adjusted funds from operations ("affo").
we define adjusted ebitda as net income before income (loss) on equity method investments; income tax benefit (provision); other income (expense); gain (loss) on retirement of long-term obligations; interest expense; interest income; other operating income (expense); depreciation, amortization and accretion; and stock-based compensation expense.
nareit ffo is defined as net income before gains or losses from the sale or disposal of real estate, real estate related impairment charges, real estate related depreciation, amortization and accretion and dividends on preferred stock, and including adjustments for (i) unconsolidated affiliates and (ii) noncontrolling interest.
we define affo as nareit ffo before (i) straight-line revenue and expense; (ii) stock-based compensation expense; (iii) the non-cash portion of our tax provision; (iv) non-real estate related depreciation, amortization and accretion; (v) amortization of deferred financing costs, capitalized interest, debt discounts and premiums and long-term deferred interest charges; (vi) other income (expense); (vii) gain (loss) on retirement of long-term obligations; (viii) other operating income (expense); and adjustments for (ix) unconsolidated affiliates and (x) noncontrolling interest, less cash payments related to capital improvements and cash payments related to corporate capital expenditures.
we present affo for the year ended december 31, 2015 before the one-time cash charge incurred in connection with a tax election, pursuant to which one of our subsidiaries no longer operates as a separate reit, as it is nonrecurring and we do not believe it is an indication of our operating performance.
adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo and affo are not intended to replace net income or any other performance measures determined in accordance with gaap. neither nareit ffo nor affo represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with gaap and, therefore, these measures should not be considered indicative of cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity or of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. rather, adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo and affo are presented as we believe each is a useful indicator of our current operating performance. we believe that these metrics are useful to an investor in evaluating our operating performance because (1) each is a key measure used by our management team for purposes of decision making and for evaluating the performance of our operating segments; (2) adjusted ebitda is a component of the calculation used by our lenders to determine compliance with certain debt covenants; (3) adjusted ebitda is widely used in the tower industry to measure operating performance as depreciation, amortization and accretion may vary significantly among companies depending upon accounting methods and useful lives, particularly where acquisitions and non-operating factors are involved; (4) each provides investors with a meaningful measure for evaluating our period-to-period operating performance by eliminating items that are not operational in nature; and (5) each provides investors with a measure for comparing our results of operations to those of other companies.
our measurement of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo and affo may not, however, be fully comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. reconciliations of adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo and affo to net income, the most directly comparable gaap measure, have been included below.
results of operations years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
revenue year ended december 31,         % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
services                91,128                    93,194                    74,317                    (2            )               25
•   the increase in u.s. property segment revenue was primarily attributable to growth of (i) 11% due to 11,449 new sites from the verizon transaction, which resulted in an increase of $296.8 million in revenue and (ii) 7% from legacy sites, including 6% from new tenant leases and amendments to existing tenant leases and 1% from contractual rent escalations, net of churn. the remaining revenue increase was attributable to approximately 1,045 new sites (excluding the verizon transaction) and the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
•   the increase in asia property segment revenue was attributable to growth of (i) 11% due to approximately 3,890 new sites and (ii) 5% from legacy sites, including 7% generated from new tenant leases, partially offset by a 1% reduction in pass-through revenue due to declining fuel costs and consumption and a 1% decrease due to churn, net of contractual rent escalations. revenue growth was partially offset by the negative impact from foreign currency translation of 6% related to fluctuations in indian rupee ("inr").
•   the increase in emea property segment revenue was attributable to growth of (i) 37% due to approximately 5,100 new sites, including 4,716 new sites from the airtel acquisition in nigeria, which contributed $109.7 million in revenue and (ii) 9% from legacy sites, including 6% from contractual rent escalations, net of churn, and 4% from new tenant leases and amendments to existing tenant leases, partially offset by a 1% reduction in pass-through revenue due to declining fuel costs and consumption. revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of 20% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 8% related to fluctuations in ghanaian cedi ("ghs"), 4% related to fluctuations in both south african rand ("zar") and uganda shilling, as well as the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
•   the increase in latin america property segment revenue was primarily attributable to growth of (i) 26% due to approximately 12,335 new sites, including 5,483 sites acquired from tim and (ii) 11% growth from legacy sites, including 7% generated from new tenant leases and amendments to existing tenant leases and 4% from contractual rent escalations, net of churn. the remaining revenue increase was due to the impact of straight-line lease accounting. revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of 32% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 20% related to fluctuations in brazilian reais ("brl") and 8% related to fluctuations in mexican pesos ("mxn").
•   the decrease in services segment revenue was primarily attributable to a decrease in structural engineering services.
•   the increase in u.s. property segment revenue was primarily attributable to growth of (i) 11% due to approximately 4,860 new sites, as well as managed rooftop and tower sites and land interests under third-party sites, in connection with our acquisition of mipt, which accounted for $247.1 million of additional revenue and (ii) 9% from legacy sites, including 8% from new tenant leases and amendments to existing tenant leases and 1% from contractual rent escalations, net of churn. the remaining increase was due to approximately 1,300 new sites (excluding mipt), partially offset by the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
•   the increase in asia property segment revenue was attributable to growth of (i) 10% from legacy sites, including 12% from new tenant leases, partially offset by a decrease of 2% due to churn, net of contractual rent escalations and (ii) 11% due to approximately 2,820 new sites. revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of 5% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in inr, as well as the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
•   the increase in emea property segment revenue was primarily attributable to growth of (i) 19% from legacy sites, including 13% from new tenant leases and amendments to existing tenant leases and 6% attributable to contractual rent escalations, net of churn and (ii) 6% due to approximately 675 new sites. the remaining revenue growth was due to the impact of straight-line lease accounting. revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of 19% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 15% related to fluctuations in ghs.
•   the increase in latin america property segment revenue was primarily attributable to growth of (i) 30% due to approximately 11,865 new sites (including approximately 460 sites in costa rica in connection with our acquisition of mipt) and (ii) 13% from legacy sites, including 10% from new tenant leases and amendments to existing tenant leases and 3% from contractual rent escalations, net of churn. the remaining revenue increase was due to the impact of straight-line lease accounting. revenue growth was partially offset by a decrease of 9% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 5% related to fluctuations in brl.
•   the increase in services segment revenue was primarily attributable to site acquisition, zoning and permitting services associated with certain tenants' next generation technology network upgrade projects, including an increase in volume as a result of the additional sites acquired as part of the acquisition of mipt.
gross margin year ended december 31,         % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
services                58,135                    55,546                    43,753                     5            %               27            %
•   the increase in u.s. property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to growth of 8% from legacy sites and 7% due to new sites from the verizon transaction, primarily associated with the increase in revenue described above. the remaining gross margin growth was due to new sites (excluding the verizon transaction) and the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
•   the increase in asia property segment gross margin was attributable to growth of 14% from legacy sites and 11% due to new sites, primarily associated with the increase in revenue described above. gross margin growth was partially offset by a decrease of 6% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in inr, as well as the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
•   the increase in emea property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to growth of 27% due to new sites from the airtel acquisition, as well as 16% from legacy sites, primarily associated with the increase in revenue described above. the remaining gross margin growth was from new sites (excluding airtel) and the impact of straight-line lease accounting. gross margin growth was partially offset by a decrease of 21% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 7% related to fluctuations in ghs and 5% related to fluctuations in both zar and the euro.
•   the increase in latin america property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to growth of 24% due to new sites and 11% from legacy sites, primarily associated with the increase in revenue described above. the remaining gross margin growth was due to the impact of straight-line lease accounting. gross margin growth was partially offset
by a decrease of 31% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 20% related to fluctuations in brl and 8% related to fluctuations in mxn.
•   the increase in services segment gross margin was primarily attributable to efficiencies in our tower services.
•   the increase in u.s. property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to growth of 10% due to new sites from our acquisition of mipt, as well as 9% from legacy sites, primarily associated with the increase in revenue as described above. the remaining gross margin growth was due to new sites (excluding mipt), partially offset by the impact of straight-line lease accounting.
•   the increase in asia property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to growth of 13% from legacy sites and 11% due to new sites, primarily associated with the increase in revenue described above. the remaining gross margin growth was due to the impact of straight-line lease accounting. gross margin growth was partially offset by 5% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation related to fluctuations in inr.
•   the increase in emea property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to growth of 19% from legacy sites and 6% due to new sites, primarily associated with the increase in revenue described above. the remaining gross margin growth was due to the impact of straight-line lease accounting. gross margin growth was partially offset by a decrease of 18% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 14% related to fluctuations in ghs.
•   the increase in latin america property segment gross margin was primarily attributable to growth of 20% due to new sites (including mipt) as well as 11% from legacy sites, primarily associated with the increase in revenue described above, and included the negative impact of 1% as a result of the early termination of a portion of the notes receivable with tv azteca, which provided a positive impact to 2013 gross margin. the remaining gross margin growth was due to the impact of straight-line lease accounting. gross margin growth was partially offset by 8% attributable to the negative impact from foreign currency translation, which included, among others, 5% related to fluctuations in brl.
•   the increase in services segment gross margin was due to the increase in revenue as described above.
selling, general, administrative and development expense year ended december 31,         % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
services                                                              15,724                  12,469                   9,257                    26                            35
total selling, general, administrative and development expense      $497,835                $446,542                $415,545                    11            %                7            %
the increases in our u.s., asia and emea property segments' selling, general, administrative and development expense ("sg&a") were primarily driven by increasing personnel costs to support our business, including additional costs associated with transactions such as the verizon transaction in our u.s. property segment and the airtel acquisition in our emea property segment. the emea property sg&a increase included an increase in bad debt expense and was partially offset by a decrease attributable to the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations.
the decrease in our latin america property segment sg&a was primarily due to the impacts of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by increased personnel costs to support the growth of our business and an increase in bad debt expense.
the increase in services segment sg&a was primarily due to increased personnel costs.
the increase in other sg&a was due to an increase in corporate sg&a of $16.7 million and an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $10.2 million.  corporate sg&a reflects an increase in legal costs, as corporate sg&a during the year ended december 31, 2014 was favorably impacted by the recovery of legal expenses.  in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2015, corporate sg&a increased due to an increase in personnel costs to support our business.
the increases in our property segments' sg&a were primarily driven by increasing personnel costs to support our business, including additional costs associated with our acquisitions, such as mipt in our u.s. property segment. u.s. property segment sg&a also included an increase of $11.0 million associated with project cancellation costs. the asia, emea and latin america property segment sg&a increases were partially offset by decreases attributable to impacts of foreign currency fluctuations. in each of our latin america and emea property segments, the increase was partially offset by the reversal of bad debt expense for amounts previously reserved.
the increase in services segment sg&a was primarily due to higher personnel costs related to the additional site acquisition, zoning and permitting services associated with certain tenants' next generation technology network upgrade projects, including an increase in volume as a result of the additional sites acquired as part of the acquisition of mipt.
the decrease in other sg&a was primarily due to a decrease in corporate sg&a of $15.5 million, which was partially offset by an increase of $11.7 million related to stock-based compensation expense. the decrease in corporate sg&a was primarily related to a reduction in legal expenses of $22.5 million, including the recovery of expenses during the year ended december 31, 2014, and the reversal of a $2.8 million reserve associated with a non-recurring state tax item. the decrease in corporate sg&a was partially offset by an increase in personnel costs to support our business.
operating profit year ended december 31,         % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
services                42,411                    43,077                    34,496                    (2   )%                       25            %
the growth in operating profit for each of our u.s., asia and emea property segments was primarily attributable to an increase in our segment gross margin, partially offset by an increase in our segment sg&a.
the growth in operating profit in our latin america property segment was primarily attributable to an increase in our segment gross margin and a decrease in our segment sg&a.
the decrease in services segment operating profit was primarily attributable to an increase in our services segment sg&a and was partially offset by an increase in our segment gross margin.
the growth in operating profit for each of our reportable segments was primarily attributable to an increase in our segment gross margin and was partially offset by an increase in our segment sg&a.
depreciation, amortization and accretion year ended december 31,       % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
the increase for each period was primarily attributable to the depreciation, amortization and accretion expense associated with the acquisition, lease or construction of new sites since the beginning of the prior period, which resulted in an increase in property and equipment and intangible assets subject to amortization.
other operating expenses year ended december 31,   % change 2015 vs 2014     % change 2014 vs 2013
other operating expenses     $66,696               $68,517               $71,539        (3           )%           (4           )%
the decrease in other operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily attributable to a net decrease of $3.1 million in integration, acquisition and merger related expenses, partially offset by an increase of $1.3 million in losses on sales or disposals of assets and impairments.
the decrease in other operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to a decrease of $4.0 million from impairment charges and net losses on sales or disposals of long-lived assets and was partially offset by a net increase of $2.4 million in integration, acquisition and merger related costs.
interest income, tv azteca, net year ended december 31,      % change 2015 vs 2014     % change 2014 vs 2013
the increase for the year ended december 31, 2015 was due to a decrease in the offsetting interest expense under the agreement with tv azteca.
the decrease for the year ended december 31, 2014 was due to a payment from tv azteca received during the year ended december 31, 2013, which included $28.0 million of principal on notes receivable, related interest and a prepayment penalty of $4.9 million. in addition, we recorded additional interest income of $2.7 million related to the write-off of a portion of the unamortized discount associated with the original notes receivable.
interest expense year ended december 31,      % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
the increases in interest expense for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were primarily attributable to an increase of $1.9 billion and $3.9 billion, respectively, in our average debt outstanding, partially offset by a decrease in our annualized weighted average cost of borrowing from 4.06% to 3.67% and 4.40% to 4.06%, respectively. the weighted average contractual interest rate was 3.45% at december 31, 2015.
loss on retirement of long-term obligations year ended december 31,   % change 2015 vs 2014     % change 2014 vs 2013
loss on retirement of long-term obligations     $79,606                $3,473               $38,701        2,192        %            (91          )%
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we redeemed all of the outstanding 7.000% senior notes due 2017 (the "7.000% notes") and 4.625% senior notes due 2015 (the "4.625% notes") and recorded a loss of $74.3 million and $3.7 million, respectively, which included prepayment consideration, the remaining portion of unamortized deferred financing costs and, with respect to the 7.000% notes, the write-off of the remaining settlement cost of a treasury rate lock.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we paid prepayment consideration primarily in connection with the prepayment of certain assumed debt, which was partially offset by the write-off of unamortized premium associated with the fair value adjustments of assumed debt. in addition, we recorded a loss of $1.4 million as a result of settling a previously existing interest rate swap agreement in colombia.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a loss of $35.3 million due to the repayment of $1.75 billion of secured debt and incurred prepayment consideration and recorded the acceleration of deferred financing costs. in addition, we recorded a loss of $3.4 million related to the acceleration of the remaining deferred financing costs associated with the termination of a revolving credit facility and term loan.
other expense year ended december 31,       % change 2015 vs 2014     % change 2014 vs 2013
other expense consists primarily of realized and unrealized foreign currency gains and losses. we record unrealized foreign currency gains or losses as a result of foreign currency fluctuations primarily associated with our intercompany notes and similar unaffiliated balances denominated in a currency other than the subsidiaries' functional currencies.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded net realized foreign currency losses of $63.2 million and net unrealized foreign currency losses of $71.5 million in other expense.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded net foreign currency losses of $482.5 million, of which $419.3 million was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("aoci") and $63.2 million was recorded as foreign currency losses in other expense. we recorded $209.5 million of net foreign currency losses in other expense during the year ended december 31, 2013.
income tax provision year ended december 31,       % change 2015 vs 2014        % change 2014 vs 2013
the effective tax rate ("etr") on income from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 differs from the federal statutory rate primarily due to our qualification for taxation as a reit as well as adjustments for foreign items. as a reit, we may deduct earnings distributed to stockholders against the income generated by our reit operations. in addition, we are able to offset certain income by utilizing our nols, subject to specified limitations.
effective july 25, 2015, we filed a tax election, pursuant to which mipt no longer operates as a separate reit for federal and state income tax purposes. in connection with this and related elections, we incurred a one-time cash tax charge of $93.0 million and a one-time deferred income tax benefit of $5.8 million in the year ended december 31, 2015. we also recorded a charge of $13.1 million resulting from a change in income tax law in ghana.
the etr for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 included an expense of $2.6 million and $21.5 million, respectively, resulting from the restructuring of certain of our domestic trss.
net income/adjusted ebitda year ended december 31,         % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
loss on retirement of long-term obligations              79,606                     3,473                    38,701                 2,192                           (91            )
other operating expenses                                 66,696                    68,517                    71,539                    (3            )               (4            )
the decrease in net income was primarily due to increases in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense, income tax provision, loss on retirement of long-term obligations, other expenses, other sg&a and interest expense, which were partially offset by an increase in our operating profit.
the increase in adjusted ebitda was primarily attributable to the increase in our gross margin and was partially offset by an increase in sg&a of $41.1 million, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense.
the increase in net income was primarily due to the increase in our operating profit, as well as decreases in other expense and loss on retirement of long-term obligations. the increase in net income was partially offset by increases in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense, interest expense and stock-based compensation expense.
the increase in adjusted ebitda was primarily attributable to the increase in our gross margin, and was partially offset by an increase in sg&a of $19.3 million, excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense.
net income/nareit ffo/affo year ended december 31,         % change 2015 vs 2014         % change 2014 vs 2013
losses from sale or disposal of real estate and real estate related impairment charges                                                       29,427                    18,160                    32,475                    62                           (44            )
dividends on preferred stock                                                                                                                (90,163    )              (23,888    )                    -                   277                           n/a adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interest                                                                        (6,429    )               (1,815    )               41,000                  (254            )             (104            )
non-cash portion of tax provision                                                                                                               897                    (6,707    )                7,865                   113                          (185            )
amortization of deferred financing costs, capitalized interest, debt discounts and premiums and long-term deferred interest charges          22,575                     8,622                    22,955                   162                           (62            )
loss on retirement of long-term obligations                                                                                                  79,606                     3,473                    38,701                 2,192                           (91            )
other operating expenses (2)                                                                                                                 37,269                    50,357                    39,064                   (26            )               29
capital improvement capital expenditures                                                                                                    (89,867    )              (75,041    )              (81,218    )               20                            (8            )
corporate capital expenditures                                                                                                              (16,447    )              (24,146    )              (30,383    )              (32            )              (21            )
adjustments for unconsolidated affiliates and noncontrolling interest                                                                         6,429                     1,815                   (41,000    )              254                           104
(1)   primarily includes realized and unrealized losses on foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
(2)   primarily includes acquisition-related costs, integration costs, losses from sale of assets and impairment charges.
(3)   as the one-time tax charge incurred in connection with the mipt tax election is nonrecurring, we do not believe it is an indication of our operating performance and believe it is more meaningful to present affo excluding this impact. accordingly, we present affo for the year ended december 31, 2015 before this charge.
affo growth for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily attributable to the increase in our operating profit and was partially offset by increases in dividends on preferred stock, corporate sg&a and a net increase in capital improvement and corporate capital expenditures.
affo growth for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily attributable to the increase in our operating profit and a decrease in capital improvement and corporate capital expenditures, partially offset by increases in cash paid for interest and taxes and dividends on preferred stock.
liquidity and capital resources overview during the year ended december 31, 2015, we increased our financial flexibility and our ability to grow our business while maintaining our long-term financial policies. our significant 2015 financing transactions included:
•   the issuance of 13,750,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/10th interest in a share of the series b preferred stock, and 25,850,000 shares of common stock. we used the aggregate net proceeds of $3.78 billion to fund a portion of the verizon transaction.
•   the completion of registered public offerings of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.800% senior unsecured notes due 2020 (the "2.800% notes") and $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the "4.000% notes"). we used the net proceeds of $1.48 billion to repay existing indebtedness under our multi-currency senior unsecured revolving credit facility entered into in june 2013, as amended (the "2013 credit facility").
•   the receipt of incremental commitments under the 2013 credit facility and our senior unsecured credit facility entered into in january 2012, as amended and restated in september 2014 (the "2014 credit facility"), giving us the ability to borrow up to $2.75 billion under the 2013 credit facility and $2.0 billion under the 2014 credit facility.
•   the repayment of the secured tower revenue notes, global tower series 2011-1, class c, secured tower revenue notes, global tower series 2011-2, class c and class f and secured tower revenue notes, global tower series 2013-1, class c and class f (collectively, the "gtp ap notes") with proceeds from the 2015 securitization.
as a holding company, our cash flows are derived primarily from the operations of, and distributions from, our operating subsidiaries or funds raised through borrowings under our credit facilities and debt or equity offerings.
the following table summarizes our liquidity as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands):
available under the 2013 credit facility          $1,525,000
available under the 2014 credit facility              20,000
letters of credit                                    (10,624   )
total available under credit facilities, net       1,534,376
subsequent to december 31, 2015, we repaid the $1.2 billion outstanding under the 2013 credit facility using proceeds from the issuance of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 3.300% senior unsecured notes due 2021 (the "3.300% notes") and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.400% senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the "4.400% notes") and cash on hand. as a result, our liquidity increased by $1.2 billion.
summary cash flow information is set forth below for the years ended december 31, (in thousands):
operating activities                                                                       $2,183,052              $2,134,589              $1,599,047
net effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents         (23,224   )             (30,534   )             (26,317   )
we use our cash flows to fund our operations and investments in our business, including tower maintenance and improvements, communications site construction and managed network installations and tower and land acquisitions. additionally, we use our cash flows to make distributions, including distributions of our reit taxable income to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit under the code. we may also repay or repurchase our existing indebtedness from time to time. we typically fund our international expansion efforts primarily through a combination of cash on hand, intercompany debt and equity contributions.
as of december 31, 2015, we had total outstanding indebtedness of $17.2 billion, with a current portion of $50.2 million. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we generated sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our capital expenditures and debt service obligations, as well as our required distributions. we believe the cash generated by operating activities during the year ending december 31, 2016, together with our borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, will be sufficient to fund our required distributions, capital expenditures, debt service obligations (interest and principal repayments) and signed acquisitions. as of december 31, 2015, we had $223.5 million of cash and cash equivalents held by our foreign subsidiaries, of which $68.1 million was held by our joint ventures. while certain subsidiaries may pay us interest or principal on intercompany debt, it has not been our practice to repatriate earnings from our foreign subsidiaries primarily due to our ongoing expansion efforts and related capital needs. however, in the event that we do repatriate any funds, we may be required to accrue and pay taxes.
cash flows from operating activities adjusted ebitda growth of $416.6 million was offset by higher working capital as well as higher cash taxes and interest costs, resulting in a $48.5 million increase in cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2015. the primary factors that impacted cash provided by operating activities as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, include:
•   an increase of approximately $87.8 million in cash paid for taxes, driven primarily by the mipt one-time cash tax charge of $93.0 million;
•   a decrease in capital contributions, tenant settlements and other prepayments of approximately $99.0 million;
•   an increase of approximately $29.9 million in cash paid for interest;
•   a decrease of approximately $34.9 million in termination and decommissioning fees;
•   a decrease of approximately $49.0 million in customer receipts due to timing; and
•   a decrease due to the non-recurrence of a 2014 value added tax refund of approximately $60.3 million.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, cash provided by operating activities increased $535.5 million as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due to an increase in the operating profit of our property segments, cash provided by working capital and a decrease in restricted cash, partially offset by increases in cash paid for interest and taxes. working capital was positively impacted by the receipt of capital contributions from tenants and a value added tax refund, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable.
•   we spent $796.9 million for the acquisition of 5,483 communications sites from tim in brazil.
•   we spent $1.1 billion for the acquisition of 4,716 communications sites from certain of airtel's subsidiaries in nigeria.
•   we spent $728.8 million for capital expenditures, as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                   $245.1
capital improvements and corporate expenditures       106.3
redevelopment                                         162.1
start-up capital projects                              74.8
total capital expenditures                           $728.8
(1)   includes the construction of 3,235 communications sites globally and the installation of 17 shared generators domestically.
•   we completed the acquisition of 100% of the equity interests of br towers for a preliminary purchase price of $568.9 million, net of debt assumed and outstanding preferred stock.
•   we spent $441.7 million for the acquisition of approximately 400 communications sites in brazil, ghana, mexico, uganda and the united states, as well as to satisfy obligations related to sites acquired during the year ended december 31, 2013 in brazil, south africa and the united states.
•   we spent $974.4 million for capital expenditures, as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                   $521.6
capital improvements and corporate expenditures        99.2
redevelopment                                         194.4
start-up capital projects                              25.5
total capital expenditures                           $974.4
(1)   includes the construction of 3,133 communications sites globally and the installation of 530 shared generators domestically.
we plan to continue to allocate our available capital, after satisfying our distribution requirements, among investment alternatives that meet our return on investment criteria, while taking into account the repayment of debt, as necessary, consistent with our long-term financial policies. accordingly, we expect to continue to deploy our capital through our annual capital expenditure program, including land purchases and new site construction, and through acquisitions. we expect that our 2016 total capital expenditures, including expected capital expenditures related to viom, will be between $700 million and $800 million, as follows (in millions):
discretionary capital projects (1)                   $170   to      $200
capital improvements and corporate expenditures       120   to       130
redevelopment                                         190   to       210
start-up capital projects                              90   to       110
total capital expenditures                           $700   to      $800
(1)   includes the construction of approximately 2,500 to 3,000 communications sites globally.
proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net                1,492.3             1,415.8              2,221.8
proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock, net         1,337.9                 583.1                  -
proceeds from issuance of securitized debt                   875.0             -                    1,778.5
repayment of securitized debt                               (964.9    )        -                   (1,750.0    )
proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net            2,440.3             -                          -
repayment of senior notes                                 (1,100.0    )        -                          -
proceeds from (repayments of) credit facilities, net       2,105.0             (841.0      )          684.0
refinancing of gtp acquisition partners securitization. on may 29, 2015, gtp acquisition partners i, llc ("gtp acquisition partners"), one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, repaid all amounts outstanding under the gtp ap notes, plus prepayment consideration and other costs and expenses related thereto, with cash on hand and proceeds from the issuance of $350.0 million of american tower secured revenue notes, series 2015-1, class a (the "series 2015-1 notes") and $525.0 million of american tower secured revenue notes, series 2015-2, class a (the "series
2015-2 notes," and, together with the series 2015-1 notes, the "2015 notes") in the 2015 securitization. the 2015 notes were issued by gtp acquisition partners pursuant to a third amended and restated indenture and related series supplements, each dated as of may 29, 2015 (collectively, the "2015 indenture"), between gtp acquisition partners and its subsidiaries (the "gtp entities") and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee. the series 2015-1 notes have an interest rate of 2.350%, an anticipated repayment date of june 15, 2020 and a final repayment date of june 15, 2045. the series 2015-2 notes have an interest rate of 3.482%, an anticipated repayment date of june 16, 2025 and a final repayment date of june 15, 2050.
amounts due under the 2015 notes will be paid solely from the cash flows generated from the operation of the 3,609 2015 secured sites. gtp acquisition partners is required to make monthly payments of interest on the 2015 notes, commencing in july 2015. subject to certain limited exceptions (described below), no payments of principal will be required to be made prior to june 15, 2020, which is the anticipated repayment date for the series 2015-1 notes.
the 2015 notes may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time, provided such payment is accompanied by the applicable prepayment consideration. if prepayment occurs within 12 months of the anticipated repayment date with respect to the series 2015-1 notes, or 18 months of the anticipated repayment date with respect to the series 2015-2 notes, no prepayment consideration is due. if the series 2015-1 notes or the series 2015-2 notes have not been repaid in full on the applicable anticipated repayment date, additional interest will accrue on the unpaid principal balance of the applicable series of the 2015 notes and such series will begin to amortize on a monthly basis from excess cash flow.
the 2015 notes are secured by (i) mortgages, deeds of trust and deeds to secure debt on substantially all of the 2015 secured sites and their operating cash flows, (ii) a security interest in substantially all of the personal property and fixtures of the gtp entities, including gtp acquisition partners' equity interests in its subsidiaries and (iii) the rights of the gtp entities under a management agreement. american tower holding sub ii, llc, whose only material assets are its equity interests in gtp acquisition partners, has guaranteed repayment of the 2015 notes and pledged its equity interests in gtp acquisition partners as security for such payment obligations.
the 2015 indenture includes covenants and other restrictions customary for notes issued in rated securitizations. among other things, the gtp entities are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets. the organizational documents of the gtp entities contain provisions consistent with rating agency securitization criteria for special purpose entities, including the requirement that they maintain independent directors. the 2015 indenture also contains certain covenants that require gtp acquisition partners to provide the trustee with regular financial reports and operating budgets, promptly notify the trustee of events of default and material breaches under the indenture and other agreements related to the 2015 secured sites and allow the trustee reasonable access to the 2015 secured sites, including the right to conduct site investigations. further, under the 2015 indenture, gtp acquisition partners is required to maintain reserve accounts, including for amounts received or due from tenants related to future periods, property taxes, insurance, ground rents, certain expenses and debt service.
common stock offering. on march 3, 2015, we completed a registered public offering of 23,500,000 shares of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share, at $97.00 per share. on march 5, 2015, we issued an additional 2,350,000 shares of our common stock in connection with the underwriters' exercise in full of their over-allotment option. aggregate net proceeds were $2.44 billion after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds from this offering to fund a portion of the verizon transaction.
preferred stock offering. on march 3, 2015, we completed a registered public offering of 12,500,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/10th interest in a share of the series b preferred stock, at $100.00 per depositary share. on march 5, 2015, we issued an additional 1,250,000 depositary shares in connection with the underwriters' exercise in full of their over-allotment option. aggregate net proceeds were $1.34 billion after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the net proceeds from this offering to fund a portion of the verizon transaction.
unless converted or redeemed earlier, each share of the series b preferred stock will convert automatically on february 15, 2018, into between 8.5911 and 10.3093 shares of common stock, depending on the applicable market value of our common stock and subject to anti-dilution adjustments. subject to certain restrictions, at any time prior to february 15, 2018, holders of the series b preferred stock may elect to convert all or a portion of their shares into our common stock at the minimum conversion rate then in effect.
dividends on shares of the series b preferred stock are payable on a cumulative basis when, as and if declared by our board of directors at an annual rate of 5.50% on the liquidation preference of $1,000.00 per share (and, correspondingly, $100.00 per share with respect to the depositary shares) on february 15, may 15, august 15 and november 15 of each year, commencing on may 15, 2015 to, and including, february 15, 2018. we may pay dividends in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common stock. the terms of the series b preferred stock provide that, unless full cumulative dividends have been paid or set aside for payment on all outstanding series b preferred stock for all prior dividend periods, no dividends may be declared or paid on common stock.
senior notes offerings
2.800% senior notes and 4.000% senior notes offering. on may 7, 2015, we completed a registered public offering of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2.800% notes and $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.000% notes. the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1,480.1 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2013 credit facility.
the 2.800% notes will mature on june 1, 2020 and bear interest at a rate of 2.800% per annum. the 4.000% notes will mature on june 1, 2025 and bear interest at a rate of 4.000% per annum. accrued and unpaid interest on the notes will be payable in u.s. dollars semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning on december 1, 2015. interest on the notes is computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and commenced accruing on may 7, 2015.
3.300% senior notes and 4.400% senior notes offering. on january 12, 2016, we completed a registered public offering of $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 3.300% notes and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 4.400% notes. the net proceeds from this offering were approximately $1,237.2 million, after deducting commissions and estimated expenses. we used the proceeds to repay existing indebtedness under the 2013 credit facility and for general corporate purposes.
the 3.300% notes will mature on february 15, 2021 and bear interest at a rate of 3.300% per annum. the 4.400% notes will mature on february 15, 2026 and bear interest at a rate of 4.400% per annum. accrued and unpaid interest on the notes will be payable in u.s. dollars semi-annually in arrears on february 15 and august 15 of each year, beginning on august 15, 2016. interest on the notes is computed on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of twelve 30-day months and commenced accruing on january 12, 2016.
we may redeem each series of the notes at any time, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes plus a make-whole premium, together with accrued interest to the redemption date. if we redeem the 2.800% notes on or after may 1, 2020, the 4.000% notes on or after march 1, 2025, the 3.300% notes on or after january 15, 2021 or the 4.400% notes on or after november 15, 2025, we will not be required to pay a make-whole premium. in addition, if we undergo a change of control and corresponding ratings decline, each as defined in the applicable supplemental indenture, we may be required to repurchase all of the applicable notes at a purchase price equal to 101% of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any), up to but not including the repurchase date. each of the notes rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured debt and are structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of our subsidiaries.
each of the applicable supplemental indentures for the 2.800% notes, the 4.000% notes, the 3.300% notes and the 4.400% notes contains certain covenants that restrict our ability to merge, consolidate or sell assets and our (together with our subsidiaries') ability to incur liens. these covenants are subject to a number of exceptions, including that we, and our subsidiaries, may incur certain liens on assets, mortgages or other liens securing indebtedness, if the aggregate amount of such liens does not exceed 3.5x adjusted ebitda, as defined in the applicable supplemental indenture.
bank facilities in february 2015, we entered into amendment agreements with respect to the (i) term loan, (ii) 2013 credit facility and (iii) 2014 credit facility. after giving effect to these amendments, our permitted ratio of total debt to adjusted ebitda (as defined in the loan agreements for each of the facilities) is (i) 7.00 to 1.00 for the quarter ended december 31, 2015 and (ii) 6.00 to 1.00 thereafter. in addition, we increased the maximum incremental term loan
commitments (as defined in the agreement governing the term loan) to $1.0 billion and increased the maximum revolving loan commitments, after giving effect to any incremental commitments (each as defined in the loan agreements for each of the revolving credit facilities) to $3.5 billion and $2.5 billion under the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility, respectively.
effective october 28, 2015, we entered into additional amendment agreements to the term loan, the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility, which, among other things, (i) extended the maturity dates to january 29, 2021, june 28, 2019 and january 29, 2021, respectively, and (ii) increased the threshold for certain defaults with respect to judgments, attachments or acceleration of indebtedness from $250.0 million to $300.0 million. all of the other material terms of the term loan, the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility remain in full force and effect.
term loan. effective february 20, 2015, we borrowed an additional $500.0 million under the term loan. as a result, we have $2.0 billion outstanding under the term loan.
2013 credit facility. on february 20, 2015, we received incremental commitments of $750.0 million and, as a result, have the ability to borrow up to $2.75 billion under the 2013 credit facility, which includes a $1.0 billion sublimit for multicurrency borrowings, a $200.0 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $50.0 million sublimit for swingline loans.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we borrowed an aggregate of $4.0 billion and repaid an aggregate of $2.7 billion of revolving indebtedness under the 2013 credit facility. we primarily used the borrowings to (i) fund a portion of the verizon transaction, (ii) fund the airtel acquisition, (iii) fund the tim acquisition and (iv) repay other indebtedness. we currently have $3.2 million of undrawn letters of credit and maintain the ability to draw down and repay amounts under the 2013 credit facility in the ordinary course.
2014 credit facility. on february 20, 2015, we received incremental commitments of $500.0 million and, as a result, have the ability to borrow up to $2.0 billion under the 2014 credit facility, which includes a $200.0 million sublimit for letters of credit and a $50.0 million sublimit for swingline loans.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we borrowed an aggregate of $2.1 billion and repaid an aggregate of $1.3 billion of revolving indebtedness under the 2014 credit facility. we primarily used the borrowings to fund a portion of the verizon transaction. we currently have $7.4 million of undrawn letters of credit and maintain the ability to draw down and repay amounts under the 2014 credit facility in the ordinary course.
the term loan, the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility do not require amortization of principal and may be paid prior to maturity in whole or in part at our option without penalty or premium. we have the option of choosing either a defined base rate or the london interbank offered rate ("libor") as the applicable base rate for borrowings under the term loan, the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility. the interest rates range between 1.000% to 2.000% above libor for libor based borrowings or up to 1.000% above the defined base rate for base rate borrowings, in each case based upon our debt ratings. the margin over libor for each of the term loan, the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility is 1.250%.
the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility are subject to two optional renewal periods. a quarterly commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility is required, ranging from 0.100% to 0.400% per annum, based upon our debt ratings, and is currently 0.150%.
the loan agreements for each of the term loan, the 2013 credit facility and the 2014 credit facility contain certain reporting, information, financial and operating covenants and other restrictions (including limitations on additional debt, guaranties, sales of assets and liens) with which we must comply. failure to comply with the financial and operating covenants of the loan agreements could not only prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under the revolving credit facilities, but may constitute a default, which could result in, among other things, the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable.
redemption of senior notes. on february 11, 2015, we redeemed all of the outstanding 4.625% notes at a price equal to 100.5898% of the principal amount, plus accrued interest up to, but excluding, february 11, 2015, for an aggregate redemption price of $613.6 million, including $10.0 million in accrued and unpaid interest. on april 29, 2015, we redeemed all of the outstanding 7.000% notes at a price equal to 114.0629% of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, april 29, 2015, for an aggregate redemption price of $571.7 million, including $1.4 million in accrued and unpaid interest. these redemptions were funded with borrowings under our
existing credit facilities and cash on hand. upon completion of these redemptions, none of the 4.625% notes or the 7.000% notes remained outstanding.
stock repurchase program. in march 2011, our board of directors approved a $1.5 billion stock repurchase program, pursuant to which we are authorized to purchase up to an additional $1.1 billion of our common stock. since september 2013, we have temporarily suspended repurchases under the program.
sales of equity securities. we receive proceeds from sales of our equity securities pursuant to our employee stock purchase plan (the "espp") and upon exercise of stock options granted under our equity incentive plans. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we received an aggregate of $50.7 million in proceeds upon exercises of stock options and from the espp.
distributions. as a reit, we must annually distribute to our stockholders an amount equal to at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined before the deduction for distributed earnings and excluding any net capital gain). generally, we have distributed, and expect to continue to distribute all or substantially all of our reit taxable income after taking into consideration our utilization of nols.
the amount, timing and frequency of future distributions will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon various factors, a number of which may be beyond our control, including our financial condition and operating cash flows, the amount required to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit and reduce any income and excise taxes that we otherwise would be required to pay, limitations on distributions in our existing and future debt and preferred equity instruments, our ability to utilize nols to offset our distribution requirements, limitations on our ability to fund distributions using cash generated through our trss and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant.
we have two series of preferred stock outstanding, the series a preferred stock, with a dividend rate of 5.25%, and the series b preferred stock, with a dividend rate of 5.50%. dividends are payable quarterly in arrears, subject to declaration by our board of directors. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid an aggregate of:
•   $5.25 per share, or $31.6 million, to series a preferred stockholders of record, including the fourth quarter dividend of $1.3125 per share, or $7.9 million, and
•   $38.6528 per share, or $53.1 million, to series b preferred stockholders of record, including the fourth quarter dividend of $13.75 per share, or $18.9 million.
in addition, on february 16, 2016, we paid dividends of $1.3125 per share, or $7.9 million, to series a preferred stockholders of record at the close of business on february 1, 2016 and $13.75 per share, or $18.9 million, to series b preferred stockholders of record at the close of business on february 1, 2016.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we declared an aggregate of $766.4 million in regular cash distributions payable to our common stockholders, which included our fourth quarter distribution of $0.49 per share ($207.7 million) payable on january 13, 2016 to common stockholders of record at the close of business on december 16, 2015.
we accrue distributions on unvested restricted stock units, which are payable upon vesting. as of december 31, 2015, the amount accrued for distributions payable related to unvested restricted stock units was $5.1 million. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid $1.3 million of distributions upon the vesting of restricted stock units.
for more details on the cash distributions paid to our common and preferred stockholders during the year ended december 31, 2015, see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
contractual obligations. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands):
indian working capital facility (12)   8,752                             -                       -                       -                       -                               -                 8,752
long-term obligations, excluding capital leases                  37,522                            188,224                 1,528,870               2,875,826               1,964,385              10,478,667            17,073,494
capital lease payments (including interest)                      20,697                            17,711                  16,876                  15,423                  11,753                    173,398               255,858
total debt service obligations                                   642,383                           783,326                 2,070,423               3,347,983               2,354,232              11,334,185            20,532,532
operating lease payments (13)                                    721,596                           709,377                 690,184                 669,562                 643,124                 6,416,213             9,850,056
(5)   assumed by us in connection with the acquisition of mipt.
(7)   publicly issued debentures assumed in connection with our acquisition of br towers and denominated in brl. the br towers debentures amortize through october 15, 2023.
(13)   includes payments under non-cancellable initial terms, as well as payments for certain renewal periods at our option, which we expect to renew because failure to renew could result in a loss of the applicable communications sites and related revenues from tenant leases.
(14)   primarily represents our asset retirement obligations and excludes certain other non-current liabilities included in our consolidated balance sheet, primarily our straight-line rent liability for which cash payments are included in operating lease payments and unearned revenue that is not payable in cash.
(15)   excludes $14.7 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax positions and $16.7 million of accrued income tax related interest and penalties included in our consolidated balance sheet as we are uncertain as to when and if the amounts may be settled. settlement of such amounts could require the use of cash flows generated from operations. we expect the unrecognized tax benefits to change over the next 12 months if certain tax matters ultimately settle with the applicable taxing jurisdiction during this timeframe. however, based on the status of these items and the amount of uncertainty associated with the outcome and timing of audit settlements, we are currently unable to estimate the impact of the amount of such changes, if any, to previously recorded uncertain tax positions.
off-balance sheet arrangements. we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
factors affecting sources of liquidity our liquidity is dependent on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. we believe that the debt agreements discussed below represent our material debt agreements that contain covenants, our compliance with which would be material to an investor's understanding of our financial results and the impact of those results on our liquidity.
internally generated funds. because the majority of our tenant leases are multi-year contracts, a significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations as of the end of 2015 is recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. accordingly, a key factor affecting our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities is to maintain this recurring revenue and to convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies. in addition, our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities is dependent upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites.
restrictions under loan agreements relating to our credit facilities. the loan agreements for the 2014 credit facility, the 2013 credit facility and the term loan contain certain financial and operating covenants and other restrictions applicable to us and our subsidiaries that are not designated as unrestricted subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. these include limitations on additional debt, distributions and dividends, guaranties, sales of assets and liens. the loan agreements also contain covenants that establish three financial tests with which we and our restricted subsidiaries must comply related to total leverage and senior secured leverage, as set forth in the table below. in the event that our debt ratings fall below investment grade, we must maintain an interest coverage ratio of adjusted ebitda to interest expense (each as defined in the applicable loan agreement) of at least 2.50:1.00. as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with each of these covenants.
ratio (1)                                            additional debt capacity under covenants (2)                             capacity for adjusted ebitda decrease under covenants (3)
(1)    each component of the ratio as defined in the applicable loan agreement.
(2)    assumes no change to adjusted ebitda.
(3)    assumes no change to our existing debt levels.
(4)   the required ratio is ≤ 7.00:1.00 for the quarter ended december 31, 2015 and ≤ 6.00:1.00 thereafter. if the required ratio as of december 31, 2015 had been ≤6.00: 1.00, our additional debt capacity would have been $2.1 billion and our capacity for adjusted ebitda decrease would have been $0.3 billion.
(5)    effectively, however, the capacity under this ratio would be limited to the capacity under the consolidated total leverage ratio.
the loan agreements for our credit facilities also contain reporting and information covenants that require us to provide financial and operating information within certain time periods. if we are unable to provide the required information on a timely basis, we would be in breach of these covenants.
failure to comply with the financial maintenance tests and certain other covenants of the loan agreements for our credit facilities could not only prevent us from being able to borrow additional funds under these credit facilities, but may constitute a default under these credit facilities, which could result in, among other things, the amounts outstanding, including all accrued interest and unpaid fees, becoming immediately due and payable. if this were to occur, we may not have sufficient cash on hand to repay such indebtedness. the key factors affecting our ability to comply with the debt covenants described above are our financial performance relative to the financial maintenance tests defined in the loan agreements for these credit facilities and our ability to fund our debt service obligations. based upon our current expectations, we believe our operating results during the next 12 months will be sufficient to comply with these covenants.
restrictions under agreements relating to the 2015 securitization and the 2013 securitization. the 2015 indenture and the loan agreement related to the 2013 securitization include certain financial ratios and operating covenants and other restrictions customary for transactions subject to rated securitizations. among other things, american tower asset sub, llc and american tower asset sub ii, llc (together, the "amt asset subs") and gtp acquisition partners are prohibited from incurring other indebtedness for borrowed money or further encumbering their assets subject to customary carve-outs for ordinary course trade payables and permitted encumbrances (as defined in the applicable agreement).
under the terms of the agreements, amounts due will be paid from the cash flows generated by the assets securing the 2015 notes or the assets securing the nonrecourse loan that secures the secured tower revenue securities, series 2013-1a and series 2013-2a issued in the 2013 securitization (the "loan"), as applicable, which must be deposited into certain reserve accounts, and thereafter distributed, solely pursuant to the terms of the applicable agreement. on a monthly basis, after payment of all required amounts under the applicable agreement, subject to the conditions described in the table below, the excess cash flows generated from the operation of such assets are released to gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs, as applicable, which can then be distributed to, and used by, us. as of december 31, 2015, $111.3 million held in such reserve accounts was classified as restricted cash.
certain information with respect to each of the 2015 securitization and the 2013 securitization is set forth below ($ in millions). the debt service coverage ratio ("dscr") is generally calculated as the ratio of the net cash flow (as defined in the applicable agreement) to the amount of interest, servicing fees and trustee fees required to be paid over the succeeding 12 months on the principal amount of the 2015 notes or the loan, as applicable, that will be outstanding on the payment date following such date of determination.
issuer or borrower         notes/securities issued                                                       conditions limiting distributions of excess cash   excess cash distributed during year ended december 31, 2015   dscr as of december 31, 2015   capacity for decrease in net cash flow before triggering cash trap dscr (1)   capacity for decrease in net cash flow before triggering minimum dscr (1)
(1)   based on the net cash flow of the applicable issuer or borrower as of december 31, 2015 and the expenses payable over the next 12 months on the 2015 notes or the loan, as applicable.
(3)   an amortization period commences if the dscr is equal to or below 1.15x (the "minimum dscr") at the end of any calendar quarter and continues to exist until the dscr exceeds the minimum dscr for two consecutive calendar quarters.
(4)   no amortization period is triggered if the outstanding principal amount of a series has not been repaid in full on the applicable anticipated repayment date. however, in such event, additional interest will accrue on the unpaid principal balance of the applicable series, and such series will begin to amortize on a monthly basis from excess cash flow.
a failure to meet the noted dscr tests could prevent gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs from distributing excess cash flow to us, which could affect our ability to fund our capital expenditures, including tower construction and acquisitions, meet reit distribution requirements and make preferred stock dividend payments. during an "amortization period" all excess cash flow and any amounts then in the reserve accounts because the dscr was equal to or below the cash trap dscr would be applied to pay principal of the 2015 notes or the loan, as applicable, on each monthly payment date, and so would not be available for distribution to us. further, additional interest will begin to accrue with respect to any series of the 2015 notes or subclass of loan from and after the anticipated repayment date at a per annum rate determined in accordance with the applicable agreement. with respect to the 2015 notes, upon occurrence and during an event of default, the applicable trustee may, in its discretion or at direction of holders of more than 50% of the aggregate outstanding principal of any series of the 2015 notes, declare such series of 2015 notes immediately due and payable, in which case any excess cash flow would need to be used to pay holders of such notes. furthermore, if gtp acquisition partners or the amt asset subs were to default on a series of the 2015 notes or the loan, the applicable trustee may seek to foreclose upon or otherwise convert the ownership of all or any portion of the 3,609 2015 secured sites or the 5,186 2013 secured towers, respectively, in which case we could lose such sites and the revenue associated with those assets.
as discussed above, we use our available liquidity and seek new sources of liquidity to repay or repurchase our outstanding indebtedness. in addition, in order to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives and satisfy our distribution requirements, we may need to raise additional capital through financing activities. if we determine that it is desirable or necessary to raise additional capital, we may be unable to do so, or such additional financing may be prohibitively expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. if we are unable to raise capital when our needs arise, we may not be able to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, satisfy our reit distribution requirements, pay preferred stock dividends or refinance our existing indebtedness.
in addition, our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities. as set forth under item 1a of this annual report under the caption "risk factors," we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants and, consequently, a failure by a significant tenant to perform its contractual obligations to us could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our policies and estimates on an ongoing basis. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we have reviewed our policies and estimates to determine our critical accounting policies for the year ended december 31, 2015. we have identified the following policies as critical to an understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. this is not a comprehensive list of our accounting policies. see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a summary of our significant accounting policies. in many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by gaap, with no need for management's judgment in its application. there are also areas in which management's judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result.
•   impairment of assets-assets subject to depreciation and amortization: we review long-lived assets for impairment at least annually or whenever events, changes in circumstances or other indicators or evidence indicate that the carrying amount of our assets may not be recoverable.
we review our tower portfolio and network location intangible assets for indicators of impairment at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, typically at an individual tower basis. possible indicators include a tower not having current tenant leases or having expenses in excess of revenues. a cash flow modeling approach is utilized to assess recoverability and incorporates, among other items, the tower location, the tower location demographics, the timing of additions of new tenants, lease rates and estimated length of tenancy and ongoing cash requirements.
we review our customer-related intangible assets on a customer by customer basis for indicators of impairment, such as high levels of turnover or attrition, non-renewal of a significant number of contracts, or the cancellation or termination of a relationship. we assess recoverability by determining whether the carrying amount of the customer-related intangible assets will be recovered through projected undiscounted cash flows.
if the sum of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of our long-lived assets is less than the carrying amount of the assets, an impairment loss may be recognized. an impairment loss would be based on the fair value of the asset, which is based on an estimate of discounted future cash flows to be provided from the asset. we record any related impairment charge in the period in which we identify such impairment.
•   impairment of assets-goodwill: we review goodwill for impairment at least annually (as of december 31) or whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
goodwill is recorded in the applicable segment and assessed for impairment at the reporting unit level. we utilize the two step impairment test when testing goodwill for impairment and we employ a discounted cash flow analysis. the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis include current operating performance, terminal sales growth rate, management's expectations of future operating results and cash requirements, the current weighted average cost of capital and an expected tax rate. under the first step of this test, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit, as calculated under an income approach using future discounted cash flows, to the carrying amount of the applicable reporting unit. if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, we conduct the second step of this test, in which the implied fair value of the applicable reporting unit's goodwill is compared to the carrying amount of that goodwill. if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment loss would be recognized for the amount of the excess.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, no potential impairment was identified under the first step of the test. the fair value of each of our reporting units was in excess of its carrying amount by a substantial margin.
•   asset retirement obligations: when required, we recognize the fair value of obligations to remove our tower assets and remediate the leased land upon which certain of our tower assets are located. generally, the associated retirement costs are capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related tower assets and depreciated over their estimated useful lives and the liability is accreted through the obligation's estimated settlement date.
we updated our assumptions used in estimating our aggregate asset retirement obligation, which resulted in a net increase in the estimated obligation of $6.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2015. the change in 2015 primarily resulted from changes in timing of certain settlement date and cost assumptions. fair value estimates of liabilities for asset retirement obligations generally involve discounting of estimated future cash flows. periodic accretion of such liabilities due to the passage of time is included in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense in the consolidated statements of operations. the significant assumptions used in estimating our aggregate asset retirement obligation are: timing of tower removals; cost of tower removals; timing and number of land lease renewals; expected inflation rates; and credit-adjusted risk-free interest rates that approximate our incremental borrowing rate. while we feel the assumptions are appropriate, there can be no assurances that actual costs and the probability of incurring obligations will not differ from these estimates. we will continue to review these assumptions periodically and we may need to adjust them as necessary.
•   acquisitions: for those acquisitions that meet the definition of a business combination, we apply the acquisition method of accounting where assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value at the date of each acquisition, and the results of operations are included with those of the company from the dates of the respective acquisitions. any excess of the purchase price paid over the amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. we continue to evaluate acquisitions for a period not to exceed one year after the applicable acquisition date of each transaction to determine whether any additional adjustments are needed to the allocation of the purchase price paid for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is typically determined by using either estimates of replacement costs or discounted cash flow valuation methods. when determining the fair value of tangible assets acquired, we must estimate the cost to
replace the asset with a new asset taking into consideration such factors as age, condition and the economic useful life of the asset. when determining the fair value of intangible assets acquired, we must estimate the applicable discount rate and the timing and amount of future customer cash flows, including rate and terms of renewal and attrition.
•   revenue recognition: our revenue from leasing arrangements, including fixed escalation clauses present in non-cancellable lease arrangements, is reported on a straight-line basis over the term of the respective leases when collectibility is reasonably assured. escalation clauses tied to the consumer price index or other inflation-based indices, and other incentives present in lease agreements with our tenants are excluded from the straight-line calculation. total property straight-line revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 approximated $155.0 million, $123.7 million and $147.7 million, respectively. amounts billed upfront in connection with the execution of lease agreements are initially deferred and reflected in unearned revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and recognized as revenue over the terms of the applicable leases. amounts billed or received for services prior to being earned are deferred and reflected in unearned revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets until the criteria for recognition have been met.
we derive the largest portion of our revenues, corresponding trade receivables and the related deferred rent asset from a small number of tenants in the telecommunications industry, and 63% of our revenues are derived from four tenants in the industry. in addition, we have concentrations of credit risk in certain geographic areas. we mitigate the concentrations of credit risk with respect to notes and trade receivables by actively monitoring the credit worthiness of our borrowers and tenants. in recognizing customer revenue we assess the collectibility of both the amounts billed and the portion recognized on a straight-line basis. this assessment takes tenant credit risk and business and industry conditions into consideration to ultimately determine the collectibility of the amounts billed. to the extent the amounts, based on management's estimates, may not be collectible, recognition is deferred until such point as the uncertainty is resolved. any amounts that were previously recognized as revenue and subsequently determined to be uncollectible are charged to bad debt expense. accounts receivable are reported net of allowances for doubtful accounts related to estimated losses resulting from a tenant's inability to make required payments and allowances for amounts invoiced whose collectibility is not reasonably assured.
•   rent expense: many of the leases underlying our tower sites have fixed rent escalations, which provide for periodic increases in the amount of ground rent payable over time. in addition, certain of our tenant leases require us to exercise available renewal options pursuant to the underlying ground lease if the tenant exercises its renewal option. we calculate straight-line ground rent expense for these leases based on the fixed non-cancellable term of the underlying ground lease plus all periods, if any, for which failure to renew the lease imposes an economic penalty to us such that renewal appears to be reasonably assured.
•   stock-based compensation: the fair value of a stock option is determined using a black-scholes option-pricing model that takes into account a number of assumptions at the accounting measurement date including the stock price, the exercise price, the expected life of the option, the volatility of the underlying stock, the expected distributions, and the risk-free interest rate over the expected life of the option. these assumptions are highly subjective and could significantly impact the value of the option and the compensation expense. in addition, the amount we record as stock-based compensation expense is required to include an estimate of the awards that will not fully vest and be forfeited. the fair value of both time-based and performance-based restricted stock units is based on the fair value of our common stock on the grant date. we recognize stock-based compensation in either selling, general, administrative and development expense, costs of operations or as part of the costs associated with the construction of our tower assets.
•   income taxes: accounting for income taxes requires us to estimate the timing and impact of amounts recorded in our financial statements that may be recognized differently for tax purposes. to the extent that the timing of amounts recognized for financial reporting purposes differs from the timing of recognition for tax reporting purposes, deferred tax assets or liabilities are required to be recorded. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the rate at which we expect these items to be reflected in our tax returns, which may differ from the current rate. we do not expect to pay federal taxes on our reit taxable income.
we periodically review our deferred tax assets, and we record a valuation allowance if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to use the existing deferred tax assets. valuation allowances would be reversed as a reduction to the provision for income taxes, if related deferred tax assets are deemed realizable based on changes in facts and circumstances relevant to the assets' recoverability.
we recognize the benefit of uncertain tax positions when, in management's judgment, it is more likely than not that positions we have taken in our tax returns will be sustained upon examination, which are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. we adjust our tax liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information or information not previously available. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which additional information is available or the position is ultimately settled under audit.
we consider the earnings of certain non-u.s. subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the united states on the basis of estimates that future domestic cash generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs. should we decide to repatriate the foreign earnings, we may have to adjust the income tax provision in the period we determined that the earnings will no longer be indefinitely invested outside of the united states.
accounting standards update for a discussion of recent accounting standards updates, see note 1 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.