company overview description of the company and business segments becton, dickinson and company ("bd") is a global medical technology company engaged principally in the development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of medical devices, instrument systems and reagents used by healthcare institutions, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, the pharmaceutical industry and the general public. effective october 1, 2014, bd's organizational structure was realigned to better complement its customer-focused solutions strategy and is now based upon two worldwide business segments, bd medical ("medical") and bd life sciences ("life sciences"). the composition of the medical segment was not changed by this realignment and the life sciences segment consists of the former bd diagnostics and bd biosciences segments. the commentary provided further below reflects this two-segment organizational structure and additional discussion regarding this organization realignment is provided in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. carefusion corporation ("carefusion"), which was acquired on march 17, 2015, operates as part of our medical segment, as further discussed below.
acquisition of carefusion on march 17, 2015, pursuant to a definitive agreement entered into on october 5, 2014, bd acquired a 100% interest in carefusion for total consideration of approximately $12.5 billion to create a global leader in medication management and patient safety solutions. the operating activities of carefusion from the acquisition date through march 31, 2015 were not material to bd's consolidated results of operations and as such, carefusion's operating results were included in bd's consolidated results of operations beginning on april 1, 2015. carefusion operates as part of our medical segment, which now includes the following organizational units, in addition to the diabetes care and pharmaceutical systems units: medication and procedural solutions, which encompasses bd's former medical surgical systems unit; medication management solutions; and respiratory solutions. additional discussion regarding this acquisition is provided in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. disclosures regarding bd's financing arrangements relating to this transaction are provided in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements contained in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product promotions to drive further revenue and profit growth. our ability to sustain our long-term growth will depend on a number of factors, including our ability to expand our core business (including geographical expansion), develop innovative new products, and continue to improve operating efficiency and organizational effectiveness, including the integration of carefusion. while the economic environment for the healthcare industry has stabilized, pricing pressures continue for some of our products. healthcare utilization has stabilized and slightly improved in the united states; however, any destabilization in the future could adversely impact our u.s. businesses. additionally, macroeconomic challenges in europe continue to constrain healthcare utilization, although we
medical segment the following is a summary of medical revenues by organizational unit:
life sciences segment the following is a summary of life sciences revenues by organizational unit:
we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. our reporting units generally represent one level below reporting segments and we aggregate components within an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics. potential impairment of goodwill is identified by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying value. our annual goodwill impairment test performed on july 1, 2015 did not result in any impairment charges, as the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. we reassessed our reporting units upon the previously discussed realignment of bd's organizational structure, from a three-segment to a two-segment structure, on october 1, 2014 and upon our acquisition of carefusion on march 17, 2015. while the segment realignment did not change bd's reporting units for purposes of goodwill impairment testing, the reporting units within the medical segment were redefined as a result of the carefusion acquisition.