item 1a.   risk factors.
any of the factors described below could significantly and negatively affect our business, prospects, financial condition, operating results, or credit ratings, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or risks that we currently consider immaterial, could also impair our operations or financial condition.
bms is dependent on the market access, uptake and expansion for marketed brands, new product introductions, new indications, product extensions and co-promotional activities with alliance partners, to deliver future growth. competition is keen and includes (i) lower-priced generics and increasingly aggressive generic commercialization tactics, (ii) lower prices for other companies' products, real or perceived superior efficacy (benefit) or safety (risk) profiles, or other differentiating factors, (iii) technological advances and patents attained by our competitors, (iv) clinical study results from our products or a competitor's products that affect the value proposition for our products, (v) business combinations among our competitors and major third-party payers, and (vi) competing interests for external partnerships to develop and bring new products to markets.
we could lose market exclusivity of a product earlier than expected.
in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, the majority of an innovative product's commercial value is realized during its market exclusivity period. in the u.s. and in some other countries, when market exclusivity expires and generic versions are approved and marketed or when biosimilars are introduced (even if only for a competing product), there are usually very substantial and rapid declines in a product's revenues.
market exclusivity for our products is based upon patent rights and certain regulatory forms of exclusivity. the scope of our patent rights varies from country to country and may also be dependent on the availability of meaningful legal remedies in a country. the failure to obtain patent and other intellectual property rights, or limitations on the use or loss of such rights, could be material to us. in some countries, including certain eu member states, basic patent protections for our products may not exist because certain countries did not historically offer the right to obtain specific types of patents and/or we (or our licensors) did not file in those countries. in addition, the patent environment can be unpredictable and the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. absent relevant patent protection for a product, once the data exclusivity period expires, generic versions can be approved and marketed.
generic and biosimilar product manufacturers as well as other groups seeking financial gain are also increasingly seeking to challenge patents before they expire, and we could face earlier-than-expected competition for any products at any time. patents covering our key products have been and are likely to continue to be subject to patent litigation. in some cases, manufacturers may seek regulatory approval by submitting their own clinical trial data to obtain marketing approval or choose to launch a generic product "at risk" before the expiration of the applicable patent(s) and/or before the final resolution of related patent litigation. there is no assurance that a particular product will enjoy market exclusivity for the full time period that appears in the estimates disclosed in this form 10-k. in addition, some countries, such as india, are allowing competitors to manufacture and sell competing generic products, which negatively impacts the protections afforded the company. lower-priced biosimilars for bms biologic products or competing biologics could negatively impact our volumes and prices.
increased pricing pressure and other restrictions in the u.s. and abroad from managed care organizations, institutional purchasers, and government agencies and programs, among others, could negatively affect our revenues and profit margins.
our products continue to be subject to increasing pressures across the portfolio from market access, pricing and discounting and other restrictions in the u.s., the eu and other regions around the world, including from (i) rules and practices of managed care organizations and institutional and governmental purchasers; (ii) judicial decisions and changes in laws and regulations for federal healthcare programs such as medicare and medicaid as well as u.s. healthcare reform, and other government actions and inquiries; (iii) the potential impact of changes to pharmaceutical reimbursement, and increased pricing pressure from medicare part d formularies, medicare part b reimbursement rates as well as commercial formularies in general; (iv) reimbursement delays; (v) government price erosion mechanisms across europe and in other countries, resulting in deflation for pharmaceutical product pricing; (vi) collection delays in government-funded public hospitals outside the u.s. (vii) the impact on pricing from parallel trade across borders; (viii) other developments in technology and/or industry practices that could impact the reimbursement policies and practices of third-party payers; and (ix) inhibited market access due to real or perceived differences in value propositions for our products compared to competing products.
third-party royalties represent a significant percentage of our pretax income and operating cash flow.
we have entered into several arrangements which entitle us to potential royalties from third parties for out-licensed intellectual property, commercialization rights and sales-based contingent proceeds related to the divestiture of businesses. in many of these arrangements we have minimal, if any, continuing involvement that contribute to the financial success of those activities. royalties have continued to represent a significant percentage of our pretax income, including royalties related to our sanofi alliance, out-licensed intellectual property and contingent proceeds resulting from the divestiture of the diabetes and erbitux* businesses. pretax income generated from royalties were approximately $675 million in 2015. our pretax income could be adversely affected if the royalty streams decline in future periods.
failure to execute our business strategy could adversely impact our growth and profitability.
we may not be able to consistently maintain a rich pipeline, through internal r&d programs or transactions with third parties, to support future revenue growth. competition among pharmaceutical companies for acquisition and product licensing opportunities is intense, and we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition targets or licensing partners at reasonable prices, or successfully execute such transactions. we also may not be able to successfully realize the expected efficiencies and effectiveness from changes in our structure and operations to further our diversified specialty biopharmaceuticals strategy. if we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change and transformational issues, and manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted.
failure to attract and retain highly qualified personnel could affect our ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
our success is largely dependent on our continued ability to attract and retain highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development, governmental regulation and commercialization. competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. we cannot be sure that we will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase.
the public announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, or news of any developments related to our, or our competitors', immuno-oncology products or late-stage compounds may cause significant volatility in our stock price. if the development of any of our key immuno-oncology compounds, whether alone or as part of a combination therapy, is delayed or discontinued, our stock price could decline significantly.
we are focusing our efforts and resources in certain disease areas. with our more focused portfolio, investors are placing heightened scrutiny on some of our products or late-stage compounds. in particular, opdivo is an important asset in our immuno-oncology portfolio. during 2015, we announced multiple regulatory milestones for opdivo, a fully human monoclonal antibody that was approved as an anticancer treatment in non-small cell lung cancer, renal cell cancer and melanoma, and being investigated for other tumor types, alone or in combination with other approved cancer products such as yervoy. in 2016, we expect to receive further news from ongoing clinical trials and health authorities.
the announcement of data from our clinical studies, or those of our competitors, or news of any developments related to our, or our competitors', immuno-oncology products or late-stage compounds, such as opdivo, may cause significant volatility in our stock price. furthermore, the announcement of any negative or unexpected data or the discontinuation of development of any of our key immuno-oncology compounds, whether alone or as part of a combination therapy, any delay in our anticipated timelines for filing for regulatory approval, or a significant advancement of a competitor, will likely cause our stock price to decline significantly. there is no assurance that data from our clinical studies will support a filing for regulatory approval or even if approved, that any of our key immuno-oncology compounds will become commercially successful for all approved indications.
we may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products.
compounds or products may appear promising in development but fail to reach market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or at all. in addition, product extensions or additional indications may not be approved. developing and commercializing new compounds and products include inherent risks and uncertainties, including (i) due to efficacy and safety concerns, delayed or denied regulatory approvals, delays or challenges with producing products on a commercial scale or excessive costs to manufacture them; (ii) failure to enter into or implement optimal alliances for the development and/or commercialization of new products; (iii) failure to maintain a consistent scope and variety of promising late-stage products; (iv) failure of one or more of our products to achieve or maintain commercial viability, (v) changes in regulatory approval processes may cause delays or denials of new product approvals.
regulatory approval delays are especially common when a product is expected to have a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, as required by the fda to address significant risk/benefit issues. the inability to bring a product to market or a significant delay in the expected approval and related launch date of a new product could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. in addition, if certain acquired pipeline programs (including in-process research and development (ipr&d)) are canceled or we believe their commercial prospects have been reduced, we may recognize material non-cash impairment charges for those programs. for example, in 2015, we recognized a $160 million iprd impairment charge for an lpa1 antagonist and in 2014, we recognized a $310 million iprd impairment charge for peginterferon lambda. finally, losing key molecules and intermediaries or our compound library through a natural or man-made disaster or act of sabotage could negatively impact the product development cycle.
any businesses or assets we acquire in the future may underperform, and we may not be able to successfully integrate them into our existing business.
we may continue to support our pipeline with compounds or products obtained through licensing and acquisitions. future revenues, profits and cash flows of an acquired company's products, technologies and pipeline candidates, may not materialize due to lower product uptake, delayed or missed pipeline opportunities, the inability to capture expected synergies, increased competition, safety concerns, regulatory issues, supply chain problems or other factors beyond our control. substantial difficulties, costs and delays could result from integrating our acquisitions, including for (i) r&d, manufacturing, distribution, sales, marketing, promotion and information technology activities; (ii) policies, procedures, processes, controls and compliance; (iii) company cultures; (iv) compensation structures and other human resource activities; and (v) tax considerations.
we depend on several key products for most of our revenues, cash flows and earnings.
we have historically derived a majority of our revenue and earnings from several key products and while we are not as heavily dependent on one or two products as in past years, our dependence on the profitability of certain products is likely to continue. for instance, in 2015, orencia, eliquis, sprycel and the hepatitis c franchise each represented approximately 10% or greater of consolidated revenues. we expect that growth products such as opdivo and eliquis will become an increasingly important part of our revenue base. a reduction in revenues from one or more of these products could significantly negatively impact our revenues, cash flows and earnings.
we could experience difficulties and delays in the manufacturing, distribution and sale of our products.
our product supply and related patient access could be negatively impacted by, among other things: (i) product seizures or recalls or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (ii) our failure, or the failure of any of our suppliers, to comply with current good manufacturing practices and other applicable regulations or quality assurance guidelines that could lead to manufacturing shutdowns, product shortages or delays in product manufacturing; (iii) manufacturing, quality assurance/quality control, supply problems or governmental approval delays; (iv) the failure of a sole source or single source supplier to provide us with the necessary raw materials, supplies or finished
goods within a reasonable timeframe; (v) the failure of a third-party manufacturer to supply us with bulk active or finished product on time; (vi) construction or regulatory approval delays for new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for our biologics products, such as opdivo; (vii) the failure to meet new and emerging regulations requiring products to be tracked throughout the distribution channels using unique identifiers to verify their authenticity in the supply chain; (viii) other manufacturing or distribution issues, including limits to manufacturing capacity and changes in the types of products produced, such as biologics, physical limitations or other business interruptions and (ix) disruption in supply chain continuity including from natural or man-made disasters at one of our facilities or at a critical supplier.
changes in u.s. or foreign laws and regulations may negatively affect our revenues and profit margins.
we could become subject to new government laws and regulations, which could negatively affect our business, our operating results and the financial condition of our company, such as (i) additional healthcare reform initiatives in the u.s. or in other countries, including additional mandatory discounts or fees; (ii) increasing tax revenues in the u.s. or other countries as a means to reduce debt by changing tax rates; limiting, phasing-out or eliminating deductions or tax credits; modifying tax collection processes; taxing certain tax havens; taxing certain excess income from intellectual property; changing rules for earnings repatriations; and changing other tax laws; (iii) new laws, regulations and judicial or other governmental decisions affecting pricing, drug reimbursement, receivable payments, and access or marketing within or across jurisdictions; (iv) changes in intellectual property law; (v) changes in accounting standards; (vi) increasing data privacy regulations and enforcement; (vii) emerging and new global regulatory requirements for reporting payments and other value transfers to healthcare professionals, and (viii) the potential impact of importation restrictions, legislative and/or other regulatory changes.
product labeling changes for our marketed products could result in a negative impact on revenues and profit margins.
we or regulatory authorities may need to change the labeling for any pharmaceutical product, including after a product has been marketed for several years. these changes are often the result of additional data from post-marketing studies, head-to-head trials, adverse events reports, studies that identify biomarkers (objective characteristics that can indicate a particular response to a product or therapy) or other studies or post-marketing experience that produce important additional information about a product. new information added to a product's label can affect its risk-benefit profile, leading to potential recalls, withdrawals, or declining revenue, as well as product liability claims. sometimes additional information from these studies identifies a portion of the patient population that may be non-responsive to a medicine or would be at higher risk of adverse reactions and labeling changes based on such studies may limit the patient population. the studies providing such additional information may be sponsored by us, but they could also be sponsored by competitors, insurance companies, government institutions, managed care organizations, scientists, investigators, or other interested parties. while additional safety and efficacy information from such studies assist us and healthcare providers in identifying the best patient population for each product, it can also negatively impact our revenues due to inventory returns and a more limited patient population going forward. additionally, certain study results, especially from head-to-head trials, could affect a product's formulary listing, which could also adversely affect revenues.
adverse outcomes in legal matters could negatively affect our business.
current or future lawsuits, claims, proceedings and government investigations could preclude or delay the commercialization of our products or could adversely affect our operations, profitability, liquidity or financial condition, after any possible insurance recoveries, where available. such legal matters include (i) intellectual property disputes; (ii) adverse decisions in litigation, including product liability and commercial cases; (iii) anti-bribery regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practice act or uk bribery act, including compliance with ongoing reporting obligations to the government resulting from any settlements such as the civil settlement reached by the company with the sec in october 2015, (iv) recalls or withdrawals of pharmaceutical products or forced closings of manufacturing plants; (v) the failure to fulfill obligations under supply contracts with the government and other customers; (vi) product pricing and promotional matters; (vii) lawsuits and claims asserting, or investigations into, violations of securities, antitrust, federal and state pricing, consumer protection, data privacy and other laws; (viii) environmental, health, safety and sustainability matters; and (iv) tax liabilities.
we rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, information technology and other business unit and functional services, and meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations. some third parties are located in markets subject to political and social risk, corruption, infrastructure problems and natural disasters, in addition to country specific privacy and data security risk given current legal and regulatory environments. the failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations, including for future royalty and milestone payments; adequately deploy business continuity plans in the event of a crisis; and/or satisfactorily resolve significant disagreements with us or address other factors, could have a material adverse impact on the company's operations and results. in addition, if these third parties violate, or are alleged to have violated, any laws or regulations, including the local pharmaceutical code, u.s. foreign corrupt practice act, u.k. bribery act and other similar laws and regulations, during the performance of their obligations for us, it is possible that we could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences.
the illegal distribution and sale by third parties of counterfeit versions of our products or stolen products could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.
third parties may illegally distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products, which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. a patient who receives a counterfeit drug may be at risk for a number of dangerous health consequences. our reputation and business could suffer harm as a result of counterfeit drugs sold under our brand name. in addition, thefts of inventory at warehouses, plants or while in-transit, which are then not properly stored and are later sold through unauthorized channels, could adversely impact patient safety, our reputation and our business.
we are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cyber security and data leakage.
a significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure, by our workforce, others with authorized access to our systems, or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. the ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our systems, in non-encrypted portable media or storage devices. we could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue and possibly increase in frequency. we have invested in industry appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and information technology to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. there can be no assurance, however, that our efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business.
social media platforms present risks and challenges.
the inappropriate and/or unauthorized use of certain media vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage or could lead to legal implications, including from the improper collection and/or dissemination of personally identifiable information from employees, patients, healthcare professionals or other stakeholders. in addition, negative or inaccurate posts or comments about us on any social networking website could damage our reputation, brand image and goodwill. further, the disclosure of non-public company-sensitive information by our workforce or others through external media channels could lead to information loss. identifying new points of entry as social media continues to expand presents new challenges.
adverse changes in u.s., global, regional or local economic conditions could adversely affect our profitability.
global economic risks pose significant challenges to a company's growth and profitability and are difficult to mitigate. the world's major economies hold historically-high debt levels and many are experiencing slow growth and high unemployment rates. several risks lie ahead, including the management of the u.s. debt and the european sovereign debt. we have significant operations in europe, including for manufacturing. we have exposure to customer credit risks in europe, south america and other markets including from government-guaranteed hospital receivables in markets where payments are not received on time. in addition, future pension plan funding requirements continue to be sensitive to global economic conditions and the related impact on equity markets. we are also exposed to other commercial risks and economic factors over which we do not have any control, which could pose significant challenges to our underlying profitability.
changes in foreign currency exchange, interest and tax rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and liquidity.
we have significant operations outside of the u.s. generating approximately 51% of our revenues in 2015. as such, our revenues, earnings and cash flow are exposed to risk from a strengthening u.s. dollar against the euro, japanese yen, chinese renminbi, canadian dollar and south korean won, among others, which can be difficult to mitigate. derivative financial instruments are used to hedge certain, but not all, underlying economic exposures. all of the financial instruments used, including derivatives, are subject to counterparty credit risk. in addition, the results of our operations could be negatively impacted by any member country exiting the eurozone monetary union or eu. we are also exposed to changes in interest rates. our ability to access money markets and/or capital markets could be impeded if adverse liquidity market conditions occur. debt ratings would be pressured if financial and clinical expectations are not met.
item 7.        management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
our revenues increased by 4% in 2015 as a result of recently launched products such as our hepatitis c franchise (including previously deferred revenue in france) and opdivo (nivolumab) and continued sales growth in eliquis (apixaban). these impacts were partially offset by the changes in foreign currency rates, expiration of our u.s. and european union (eu) commercialization rights to abilify* (aripiprazole), competitive pressures resulting from exclusivity losses and other factors for baraclude (entecavir), reyataz (atazanavir sulfate) and sustiva (efavirenz) in certain markets and the expiration/transfer of certain licensing and royalty rights.
the decrease in gaap earnings per share (eps) from $1.20 in 2014 to $0.93 in 2015 was due to higher research and development expenses as a result of upfront payments for licensing and asset acquisitions of investigational compounds. the tax impact of specified items contributed to the changes in the effective tax rate, including the non-tax-deductible research and development charges for the acquisitions of flexus biosciences, inc. (flexus) and cardioxyl pharmaceuticals, inc. (cardioxyl). after adjusting for specified items, the increase in non-gaap eps from $1.85 in 2014 to $2.01 in 2015 was primarily due to higher revenues.
highlights the following table summarizes our financial information:
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities           8,930                11,843                 8,272
our non-gaap financial measures, including non-gaap earnings and related eps information, are adjusted to exclude specified items which represent certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other items impacting the comparability of financial results. for a detailed listing of all specified items and further information and reconciliations of non-gaap financial measures refer to "-non-gaap financial measures."
significant product and pipeline approvals we received over 100 approvals for new medicines and additional indications and formulations of currently marketed medicines including over 20 in major markets (the u.s., eu and japan). the following is a summary of some of the more significant approvals received in 2015.
product                                          date                                                                                                                                                                                 approvals opdivo                                           december 2015                                                                                                                                                                        japanese ministry of health, labour and welfare manufacturing and marketing approval for patients with unresectable, advanced or recurrent non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), received by ono pharmaceutical co., ltd. (ono).
november 2015                                    u.s. food and drug administration (fda) approval as a single agent for the treatment of previously untreated patients with braf v600 wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma november 2015                                    fda approval for the treatment of previously treated patients with advanced (metastatic) renal cell carcinoma (rcc)
october 2015                                     fda approval for the treatment of previously treated patients with non-squamous (nsq) nsclc july 2015                                        eu approval for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic squamous (sq) nsclc after prior chemotherapy june 2015                                        eu approval for the treatment of both first-line and previously treated unresectable or metastatic melanoma patients, regardless of braf status march 2015                                       fda approval for the treatment of patients with advanced sq nsclc with progression on or after platinum-based chemotherapy opdivo+yervoy (ipilimumab)                       september 2015                                                                                                                                                                       fda approval for the treatment of patients with braf v600 wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma yervoy                                           october 2015                                                                                                                                                                         fda approval for the adjuvant treatment of patients with cutaneous melanoma july 2015                                        japanese ministry of health, labour and welfare approval for first and second line treatment for unresectable malignant melanoma empliciti (elotuzumab)                           november 2015                                                                                                                                                                        fda approval for the treatment of multiple myeloma as combination therapy with revlimid* and dexamethasone in patients who have received one to three prior therapies hepatitis c portfolio - daklinza (daclatasvir)   july 2015                                                                                                                                                                            fda approval for use with sofosbuvir for the treatment of patients with chronic hepatitis c virus (hcv) genotype 3
refer to "-product and pipeline developments" for all of the developments in our marketed products and late-stage pipeline in 2015.
strategy we have transitioned to a specialty biopharmaceutical company, with a strategy designed to leverage both the reach and resources of a major pharmaceutical company as well as the entrepreneurial spirit and agility of a biotech firm. we are focused on discovering, developing and delivering innovative medicines that address serious unmet medical needs. our four strategic priorities are to drive business performance, maintain our leadership in immuno-oncology, maintain a diversified portfolio both within and outside of immuno-oncology, and continue our disciplined approach to capital allocation, with business development as a top priority.
we are developing new medicines in the following core therapeutic areas: oncology, immuno-oncology, immunoscience, cardiovascular diseases, fibrosis and genetically defined diseases. we are pioneering innovative medicines in the area of immuno-oncology which unlock the body's own immune system to battle cancer. yervoy, our first immuno-oncology agent, was introduced in 2011 for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. during 2015, we announced several significant clinical and regulatory milestones in the u.s. and eu for opdivo, a programmed death receptor-1 (pd-1) immune checkpoint inhibitor. within 12 months of opdivo's first approval in the u.s. for metastatic melanoma in late december 2014, we worked with unprecedented speed with the fda and received five additional u.s. approvals for indications across three different tumor types, transforming cancer care in advanced nsclc, melanoma and rcc. as of the end of 2015, opdivo was approved in 43 countries. we continue to invest significantly in our deep pipeline of innovative medicines covering a broad array of cancers and have entered into several collaboration agreements to research and develop opdivo and other approved or investigational oncology agents in combination regimens. additionally in 2015, we enhanced our portfolio by acquiring rights to novel assets across several therapeutic areas including cardiovascular diseases and fibrosis.
we are evolving our commercial model and growing our marketed product portfolio in a manner consistent with our overall strategy. in oncology, we are building on the rapid commercial acceptance of opdivo, which had revenues of approximately $900 million, and the continued success of yervoy and sprycel (dasatinib). beyond oncology, we remain strongly committed to orencia (abatacept) and eliquis, each with revenues of approximately $1.9 billion in 2015. in 2015, we received u.s. approval for daklinza for use with sofosbuvir for
the treatment of patients with chronic hcv genotype 3. we also continue to support key brands in our virology franchise such as reyataz, baraclude and the sustiva franchise.
in december 2015, we announced the divestiture of our pipeline of investigational human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) medicines to viiv healthcare, a global specialist company exclusively dedicated to finding new medicines for people living with hiv. this transaction will allow us to focus on therapeutic areas which are a priority and will drive the greatest long-term value to us.
looking ahead, we will continue to implement our biopharma strategy by driving the growth of key brands, executing new product launches, investing in our diverse and innovative pipeline, including through business development, focusing on prioritized markets, increasing investments in our biologics manufacturing capabilities and maintaining a culture of continuous improvement.
acquisition and licensing arrangements acquisition and licensing transactions allow us to focus our resources behind our growth opportunities that drive the greatest long-term value. we are focused on the following core therapeutic areas: oncology, immuno-oncology, immunoscience, cardiovascular diseases, fibrosis and genetically defined diseases. significant transactions entered into in 2015 are summarized below:
in december 2015, bms and kyorin entered into an exclusive worldwide license agreement granting bms the right to develop, manufacture and commercialize kyorin's fpr2 agonist program. kyorin will have an option to collaborate with bms in the development and commercialization in japan.
cardioxyl in december 2015, bms acquired all of the outstanding shares of cardioxyl, a privately held biotechnology company focused on the discovery and development of novel therapeutic agents for cardiovascular disease. the acquisition provided bms with full rights to cxl-1427, a nitroxyl prodrug in phase ii development for acute decompensated heart failure.
in november 2015, bms and five prime entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing and collaboration agreement for the development and commercialization of five prime's colony stimulating factor 1 receptor (csf1r) antibody program, including fpa008 currently in phase i development for immunology and oncology indications. bms will be responsible for the development, manufacturing and commercialization of fpa008, subject to five prime's option to conduct certain studies at its cost to develop fpa008 in pigmented vilonodular synovitis (pvns) and in combination with its own internal oncology pipeline assets. five prime also retained an option to co-promote in the u.s. the agreement replaces a previous clinical collaboration agreement between the two parties.
in september 2015, the company purchased a warrant that gives bms the exclusive right to acquire promedior and gain worldwide rights to its lead asset, prm-151, a recombinant form of human pentraxin-2 protein in phase ii development for the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf) and myelofibrosis (mf). prm-151 has been granted fast track designation in the u.s. and orphan designation in the u.s. and europe for the treatment of mf. in addition, prm-151 has been granted orphan designation in the u.s. and europe for the treatment of ipf.
in may 2015, the company entered into a collaboration and license agreement with uniqure granting bms an exclusive license to uniqure's gene therapy technology platform for specific collaboration targets. the potential gene therapy products for such collaboration targets developed with uniqure's platform may be developed for any disease, although the parties intend to focus initially on cardiovascular diseases. the collaboration includes uniqure's proprietary gene therapy program for congestive heart failure that is intended to restore the heart's ability to synthesize s100a1, a calcium sensor and master regulator of heart function, and thereby improve clinical outcomes for patients with reduced ejection fraction. in total, the companies may collaborate on 10 targets, including s100a1. bms will be solely responsible for global commercialization of all products from the collaboration. in august 2015, the company selected three additional collaboration targets.
in 2015, the company acquired 2.4 million shares of uniqure in two separate tranches, or 9.9% of uniqure's outstanding shares immediately following the second of the two acquisitions. the company also has been granted two warrants under which the company has the right to purchase additional shares that, together with the shares currently owned by bms, would equal 19.9% of uniqure's oustanding shares immediately after such issuance. the exercise of each warrant is conditioned upon the designation by bms of a certain number of additional collaboration targets and the payment by bms to uniqure of related fees under the collaboration and license agreement.
flexus in april 2015, the company acquired all of the outstanding shares of flexus, a privately held biotechnology company focused on discovering and developing novel anti-cancer therapeutics. the acquisition provided bms with full rights to f001287, a preclinical small molecule ido1-inhibitor targeted immunotherapy with potential to be used in combination with bms's immuno-oncology portfolio. in addition, the transaction included flexus's ido/tdo discovery program which includes its ido-selective, ido/tdo dual and tdo-selective compounds.
in march 2015, the company acquired an exclusive global license from novo nordisk to a discovery biologics research program focused on modulating the innate immune system as a therapy for autoimmune diseases.
in march 2015, the company acquired an exclusive option to globally license and commercialize prostvac*, bavarian nordic's investigational phase iii prostate-specific antigen-targeting cancer immunotherapy in development for the treatment of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer.
in february 2015, the company executed an agreement with rigel for the discovery, development and global commercialization of cancer immunotherapies based on rigel's extensive portfolio of small molecule tgf beta receptor kinase inhibitors. the collaboration will focus on developing a new class of therapeutics aimed at increasing the immune system's activity against various cancers either as monotherapy or in combination with immune checkpoint inhibitors, including opdivo and yervoy.
in january 2015, the company entered into a worldwide research collaboration with calibr to develop novel small molecule anti-fibrotic therapies, and an exclusive global license agreement that allows the company to develop, manufacture and commercialize calibr's preclinical compounds resulting from the collaboration.
results of operations total revenues the composition of the changes in revenues was as follows:
total revenues                     analysis of % change                     analysis of % change total          foreign                   total          foreign dollars in millions                 2015   2014                  2013                           change          exchange(b)              change          exchange(b)
rest of the world             4,142                 3,459                 3,295              20      %          (13     )%             5   %             (5      )%
(a)   other revenues include royalties and alliance-related revenues for products not sold by our regional commercial organizations.
(b)   foreign exchange impacts were derived by applying the prior period average currency rates to the current period sales.
the increase in u.s. revenues in 2015 resulted from the launch of opdivo and daklinza and higher demand for eliquis and sprycel partially offset by the expiration of commercialization rights to abilify* and the transfer of erbitux* in north america. average u.s. net selling prices increased by approximately 3%. refer to "-product sales discussion" below for additional information.
the decrease in u.s. revenues in 2014 resulted from the diabetes business divestiture in february 2014 partially offset by higher demand for eliquis, yervoy and sprycel and higher average net selling prices of approximately 3%.
the decrease in europe revenues in 2015 resulted from unfavorable foreign exchange and the expiration of commercialization rights to abilify* in the eu in june 2014 partially offset by the launch of daklinza in certain eu countries in the third quarter of 2014 and higher demand for eliquis. revenues were also impacted by approximately $170 million of daklinza net product sales for amounts previously deferred in 2014 until final pricing was obtained in france which occurred in 2015. revenues continue to be negatively impacted in many european countries as healthcare payers, including government agencies, continued to reduce healthcare costs through actions that directly or indirectly impose additional price reductions.
the decrease in europe revenues in 2014 resulted from the expiration of eu commercialization rights to abilify* in june 2014, the diabetes business divestiture and the loss of exclusivity of sustiva in november 2013 partially offset by higher demand for eliquis, yervoy and orencia and the launch of daklinza in certain eu countries in the third quarter of 2014.
the increase in rest of the world revenues in 2015 resulted from the launch of the daklinza and sunvepra dual regimen in japan in the third quarter of 2014 and higher demand for eliquis, partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange (primarily in japan).
the increase in rest of the world revenues in 2014 resulted from higher demand for key products, particularly eliquis, yervoy, sprycel and the launch of the daklinza and sunvepra dual regimen in japan in the third quarter of 2014 partially offset by the diabetes business divestiture and unfavorable foreign exchange (primarily in japan).
the decrease in other revenues in 2015 resulted from the expiration/transfer of certain licensing and royalty rights. the increase in other revenues in 2014 resulted from higher royalties, mature brand and over-the-counter product alliances and diabetes product supply sales in 2014. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances" for further discussion of the alliances.
no single country outside the u.s. contributed more than 10% of total revenues in 2015, 2014 or 2013 except for japan which contributed 10% of total revenues in 2015.
we recognize revenue net of gross-to-net adjustments that are further described in "-critical accounting policies". our share of certain abilify* and atripla* revenues is reflected net of all gross-to-net adjustments in alliance and other revenues. although not presented as a gross-to-net adjustment in the below tables, our share of abilify* and atripla* gross-to-net adjustments were approximately $1.1 billion in 2015, $1.6 billion in 2014 and $1.3 billion in 2013. these gross-to-net adjustments decreased in 2015 due to the expiration of our u.s. commercialization rights to abilify* in april 2015.
the activities and ending reserve balances for each significant category of gross-to-net adjustments were as follows:
dollars in millions                               charge-backs and cash discounts           medicaid and medicare rebates            sales returns            other rebates, discounts and adjustments           total balance at january 1, 2014                                       $49                                     $286                          $279                                       $324                        $938
the reconciliation of gross product sales to net product sales (which excludes alliance and other revenues) by each significant category of gross-to-net adjustments was as follows:
gross-to-net adjustments charge-backs and cash discounts                   (1,043    )             (755    )             (717    )
other rebates, discounts and adjustments          (1,183    )             (766    )             (818    )
total gross-to-net adjustments                    (3,121    )           (2,133    )           (2,087    )
gross-to-net adjustment rates are primarily a function of changes in revenue mix and contractual and legislative discounts and rebates. gross-to-net adjustments increased in 2015 and 2014 due to:
•   medicaid and medicare rebates increased in 2015 primarily due to higher product sales and rebate rates in the u.s., particularly medicare for eliquis. medicaid and medicare rebates increased in 2014 primarily due to higher medicare sales and rebate rates for eliquis, and higher medicaid rebates on virology products due to price increase limitations, partially offset by the diabetes business divestiture in february 2014.
•   the u.s. sales return reserve for plavix* was reduced by $63 million in 2015, $30 million in 2014 and $22 million in 2013 after considering several factors including actual return experience and estimated inventory levels in the distribution channels. in accordance with company policy, these products are eligible to be returned between six months prior to and twelve months after product expiration. the u.s. sales return reserve for plavix* was not material at december 31, 2015.
•   other rebates, discounts and adjustments increased in 2015 primarily due to additional rebates and discounts for daklinza (including approximately $180 million upon obtaining final pricing in france for amounts deferred through march 31, 2015) and eliquis.
product revenues year ended december 31,                                    % change   % change attributable toforeign exchange dollars in millions                                                 2015                  2014                  2013         2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013   2015 vs. 2014                    2014 vs. 2013
**    change in excess of 100%
baraclude - an oral antiviral agent for the treatment of chronic hepatitis b.
•   u.s. revenues decreased in both periods following the loss of exclusivity in september 2014.
•   international revenues decreased in 2015 due to unfavorable foreign exchange partially offset by higher demand in certain countries.
hepatitis c franchise - includes daklinza - an ns5a replication complex inhibitor (revenues of $1,315 million in 2015 and $201 million in 2014) and sunvepra (asunaprevir) - an ns3 protease inhibitor (revenues of $288 million in 2015 and $55 million in 2014).
•   daklinza was launched in germany and certain other eu countries in the third quarter of 2014 and subsequently approved in other international markets during 2015. the daklinza and sunvepra dual regimen was launched in japan in the third quarter of 2014. international revenues also include $170 million of previously deferred revenue in france recognized in 2015. international revenues are expected to significantly decline in 2016 due to increased competition primarily in japan.
reyataz franchise - a protease inhibitor for the treatment of the hiv, which includes reyataz and is also included in the combination therapy, evotaz (atazanavir 300 mg and cobicistat 150 mg).
•   international revenues decreased in both periods due to unfavorable foreign exchange and lower demand resulting from increased competition.
sustiva franchise - a non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor for the treatment of hiv, which includes sustiva, an antiretroviral drug, and bulk efavirenz, which is also included in the combination therapy, atripla*.
•   u.s. revenues decreased in 2015 due to lower demand resulting from increased competition partially offset by higher average net selling prices. u.s. revenues increased in 2014 due to higher average net selling prices partially offset by lower demand.
•   international revenues decreased in both periods due to sustiva's loss of exclusivity in europe in november 2013, which continues to negatively impact demand, average net selling prices and atripla* revenue sharing.
empliciti - a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of multiple myeloma.
erbitux* - a monoclonal antibody designed to exclusively target and block the epidermal growth factor receptor, which is expressed on the surface of certain cancer cells in multiple tumor types as well as normal cells and is currently indicated for use in the treatment of patients with certain types of metastatic colorectal cancer and squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck.
•   u.s. revenues decreased in 2015 due to bms transferring its rights to erbitux* in north america to eli lilly and company (lilly) in october 2015. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances" for further discussion.
opdivo - a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to the programmed death receptor-1 (pd-1) on t and natural killer t (nkt) cells that has been approved and continues to be investigated as an anti-cancer treatment.
•   u.s. revenues increased in 2015 due to the launch of opdivo in december 2014 for the treatment of unresectable melanoma and subsequent approvals for additional indications in 2015, including in nsq and sq nsclc and rcc, as well as the rapid commercial acceptance of opdivo throughout the year. refer to "-significant product and pipeline highlights" for further discussion on the additional opdivo approvals in 2015.
•   opdivo was launched in japan in september 2014 and was subsequently approved in the eu in june 2015 for the treatment of unresectable melanoma and in july 2015 for the treatment of advanced sq nsclc. opdivo also was approved in other international markets in 2015.
sprycel - an oral inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinases indicated for the first-line treatment of adults with philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia in chronic phase and the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy, including gleevec* (imatinib meslylate).
•   international revenues decreased in 2015 due to unfavorable foreign exchange partially offset by higher demand. international revenues increased in 2014 primarily due to higher demand partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange.
yervoy - a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma.
•   u.s. revenues decreased in 2015 due to lower demand resulting from the introduction of other immuno-oncology products being used to treat patients with melanoma, including opdivo. u.s. revenues increased in 2014 due to higher demand.
•   international revenues decreased in 2015 due to unfavorable foreign exchange. international revenues increased in 2014 due to higher demand.
abilify* - an antipsychotic agent for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar mania disorder and major depressive disorder.
•   u.s. revenues decreased in 2015 due to the expiration of our commercialization rights in april 2015. u.s. revenues increased in 2014 primarily due to higher average net selling prices partially offset by the reduction in our share of abilify* revenues. bms's share of abilify* revenue was 50% in 2015, 33% in 2014 and 34% in 2013.
•   international revenues decreased in both periods following the expiration of our eu commercialization rights in june 2014 and otsuka pharmaceutical co., ltd. becoming the principal for the end customer sales in certain markets.
•   international revenues increased in both periods primarily due to higher demand for the subcutaneous formulation partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange.
eliquis - an oral factor xa inhibitor, targeted at stroke prevention in nonvalvular atrial fibrillation (nvaf) and the prevention and treatment of venous thromboembolic (vte) disorders.
•   u.s. and international revenues increased in both periods due to higher demand following the 2013 launches in most major markets for the reduction of the risk of stroke and systemic embolism for patients with nvaf and the treatment of vte in 2014 in the u.s. and in 2015 in the eu. international revenues were also impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange.
mature products and all other - includes all other products, including those which have lost exclusivity in major markets, the diabetes alliance products, over-the-counter brands and royalty revenue.
•   u.s. revenues decreased in both periods primarily due to the diabetes business divestiture in february 2014.
•   international revenues decreased in 2015 due to the expiration/transfer of certain licensing and royalty rights, the diabetes business divestiture in february 2014, unfavorable foreign exchange and continued generic erosion. international revenues decreased in 2014 due to the diabetes business divestiture and the continued generic erosion of other products partially offset by higher alliance revenues.
estimated end-user demand pursuant to the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) consent order described below under "-sec consent order", we monitor the level of inventory on hand in the u.s. wholesaler distribution channel and outside of the u.s. in the direct customer distribution channel. we are obligated to disclose products with levels of inventory in excess of one month on hand or expected demand, subject to a de minimis exception. estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel in excess of one month on hand for the following products were not material to our results of operations as of the dates indicated. no u.s. products had estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel in excess of one month on hand at december 31, 2015. below are international products that had estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel in excess of one month on hand at september 30, 2015.
dafalgan, an analgesic product sold principally in europe, had 1.1 months of inventory on hand internationally at direct customers compared to 1.2 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2015. the level of inventory on hand was primarily due to the ordering patterns of pharmacists in france.
efferalgan, an analgesic product sold principally in europe, had 1.4 months of inventory on hand internationally at direct customers at september 30, 2015 and june 30, 2015. the level of inventory on hand was primarily due to the ordering patterns of pharmacists in france and changes to our distribution model for over-the-counter products in greece.
fervex, a cold and flu product, had 2.9 months of inventory on hand at direct customers compared to 3.1 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2015. the level of inventory on hand was primarily in russia and france to support product seasonality.
donormyl, a prescription sleeping aid, had 6.4 months of inventory on hand at direct customers compared to 4.8 months of inventory on hand at june 30, 2015. the level of inventory on hand was primarily in russia and due to lower than expected demand from competitor pricing.
in the u.s., we generally determine our months on hand estimates using inventory levels of product on hand and the amount of out-movement provided by our three largest wholesalers, which account for approximately 95% of total gross sales of u.s. products. factors that may influence our estimates include generic competition, seasonality of products, wholesaler purchases in light of increases in wholesaler list prices, new product launches, new warehouse openings by wholesalers and new customer stockings by wholesalers. in addition, these estimates are calculated using third-party data, which may be impacted by their recordkeeping processes.
for our businesses outside of the u.s., we have significantly more direct customers. limited information on direct customer product level inventory and corresponding out-movement information and the reliability of third-party demand information, where available, varies widely. when direct customer product level inventory, ultimate patient/consumer demand or out-movement data does not exist or is otherwise not available, we have developed a variety of other methodologies to estimate such data, including using such factors as historical sales made to direct customers and third-party market research data related to prescription trends and end-user demand. accordingly, we rely on a variety of methods to estimate direct customer product level inventory and to calculate months on hand. factors that may affect our estimates include generic competition, seasonality of products, direct customer purchases in light of price increases, new product launches, new warehouse openings by direct customers, new customer stockings by direct customers and expected direct customer purchases for governmental bidding situations. as such, all of the information required to estimate months on hand in the direct customer distribution channel for non-u.s. business for the year ended december 31, 2015 is not available prior to the filing of this annual report on form 10-k. we will disclose any product with levels of inventory in excess of one month on hand or expected demand, subject to a de minimis exception, in the next quarterly report on form 10-q.
% change dollar in millions                      2015                             2014                2013         2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013
cost of products sold                          $3,909              $3,932              $4,619               (1       )%          (15   )%
marketing, selling and administrative           4,841               4,822               4,939                -                    (2   )%
research and development                        5,920               4,534               3,731               31        %           22   %
**    change in excess of 100%
cost of products sold cost of products sold include material costs, internal labor and overhead from our owned manufacturing sites, third-party processing costs, other supply chain costs and the settlement of foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge forecasted intercompany inventory purchase transactions. essentially all of these costs are managed by our global manufacturing and supply organization. cost of products sold also includes royalties and profit sharing attributed to licensed products and alliances, amortization of acquired developed technology costs from business combinations and milestone payments that occur on or after regulatory approval.
cost of products sold can vary between periods as a result of product mix and volume (particularly resulting from royalties and profit sharing expenses in connection with our alliances), changes in foreign currency, price, inflation and costs attributed to the rationalization of manufacturing sites resulting in accelerated depreciation, impairment charges and other stranded costs.
•   cost of products sold remained relatively flat in 2015 as higher profit sharing and royalties for alliances (primarily eliquis) was offset by favorable foreign exchange.
•   cost of products sold decreased in 2014 primarily due to the diabetes business divestiture ($1.1 billion), partially offset by higher eliquis profit sharing ($290 million) and accelerated depreciation for certain manufacturing facilities.
marketing, selling and administrative marketing, selling and administrative expenses include salary and benefit costs, third-party professional and marketing fees, outsourcing fees, shipping and handling costs, advertising and product promotion and other expenses that are not attributed to product manufacturing costs or research and development expenses. expenses are managed through regional commercialization organizations or global corporate organizations such as finance, legal, information technology and human resources. certain expenses are shared with alliance partners based upon contractual agreements.
•   marketing, selling and administrative expenses remained relatively flat in 2015 as increased sales-related activities supporting eliquis, opdivo and the hepatitis c franchise were offset by favorable foreign exchange and $96 million of additional expenses related to the branded prescription drug fee in 2014 resulting from changes in irs guidelines.
•   marketing, selling and administrative expenses remained relatively flat in 2014 as increased sales-related activities supporting eliquis, yervoy, opdivo and the hepatitis c franchise, higher variable employee compensation and an additional branded prescription drug fee in 2014 were offset by lower expenses following the diabetes business divestiture ($500 million).
•   on july 28, 2014, the irs issued final rules and regulations for the branded prescription drug fee, an annual non-tax-deductible fee payable to the federal government under the affordable care act based on an allocation of a company's market share for branded prescription drugs sold to certain government programs in the prior year. the final rules accelerated bms's and other industry participants' expense recognition criteria for the fee obligation from the year in which the fee is paid, to the year in which the market share used to allocate the fee is determined. as a result, an additional year of expense was recognized in the third quarter of 2014, including $96 million in marketing, selling and administrative expenses and $16 million in other expense. the final rules and regulations did not change the amount or timing of annual fees to be paid.
research and development research and development activities include discovery research, preclinical and clinical development, drug formulation, as well as clinical trials and medical support of marketed products. expenses include salary and benefit costs, third-party grants and fees paid to clinical research organizations, supplies, upfront and contingent milestone payments for licensing and asset acquisitions of investigational compounds, iprd impairment charges and proportionate allocations of enterprise-wide costs. the allocations include facilities, information technology, employee stock compensation costs and other appropriate costs. certain expenses are shared with alliance partners based upon contractual agreements.
expenses can vary between periods for a number of reasons, including the timing of upfront and contingent milestone payments for licensing and asset acquisitions and iprd impairment charges.
•   research and development expenses increased in 2015 due to higher charges resulting from investigational compound acquisitions (including $800 million for flexus and $167 million for cardioxyl), upfront payments for new alliance and licensing agreements (including $350 million for five prime) and increased investments to accelerate and expand opdivo development programs partially offset by lower iprd impairment charges (including $160 million for lpa1 antagonist in 2015) and favorable foreign exchange.
•   research and development expenses increased in 2014 due to $343 million iprd impairment charges (including $310 million for peginterferon lambda), higher variable employee compensation and clinical development costs, a $148 million charge for the acquisition of ipierian, inc. (ipierian) and upfront and contingent milestone payments for alliance and licensing agreements of $130 million in 2014.
refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances, note 4. acquisitions and other divestitures and note 14. goodwill and other intangible assets" for further information.
equity in net income of affiliates                             (83    )           (107    )           (166    )
out-licensed intangible asset impairment                        13                  29                   -
gain on sale of businesses, product lines and assets          (196    )           (564    )             (2    )
•   litigation and other settlements includes an additional charge of $90 million for a contractual dispute related to a license subsequent to the company's earnings release for the fourth quarter of 2015.
•   gain on sale of businesses, product lines and assets primarily resulted from the sale of the ixempra* business, mount vernon, indiana manufacturing facility, certain mature and other over-the-counter product businesses and the transfer of erbitux* in north america in 2015 and the diabetes business divestiture in 2014. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances and note 4. acquisitions and other divestitures" for further details.
•   other alliance and licensing income includes royalties, transitional services and other fees resulting from the diabetes and other business divestitures in 2015 and 2014 and income of $123 million resulting from the change in fair value of the written option liability attributed to the reckitt benckiser group plc (reckitt) alliance in 2015. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances" for further discussion.
•   pension settlement charges were recognized after determining that the annual lump sum payments would exceed the annual interest and service costs for certain pension plans, including the primary u.s. pension plan in 2015, 2014 and 2013. the charges include the acceleration of a portion of unrecognized actuarial losses and will likely occur in the future. an additional pension settlement charge of $713 million was recognized in 2014 following the purchase of a group annuity contract from the prudential insurance company of america in december 2014. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 19. pension, postretirement and postemployment liabilities" for further details.
•   the loss on debt redemption in 2015 resulted from the early redemption of euro notes and a tender offer for certain other debt securities. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 10. financial instruments and fair value measurements" for further details.
historically, the effective income tax rate is lower than the u.s. statutory rate of 35% due to our decision to indefinitely reinvest the earnings for certain of our manufacturing operations in switzerland, ireland and puerto rico. bms operates under a favorable tax grant in puerto rico not scheduled to expire prior to 2023.
the tax impact attributed to research and development charges, divestiture transactions and other specified items including additional transfer pricing reserves in 2014 increased the effective tax rate by 0.3% in 2015 and reduced the effective tax rate by 5.1% in 2014 and 4.6% in 2013. no tax benefits were attributed to the research and development charges resulting from the acquisitions of flexus and cardioxyl in 2015 and ipierian in 2014. minimal income taxes were attributed to the diabetes business divestiture gain in 2014 because of the capital loss deduction on the sale of the amylin shares and tax basis differences resulting primarily from allocated goodwill and amylin deferred taxes. earnings mix between high and low tax jurisdictions in all periods and the retroactive reinstatement of the 2012 research and development credit legislation in 2013 also impacted the effective tax rates. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 8. income taxes" for further information.
non-gaap financial measures our non-gaap financial measures, including non-gaap earnings and related eps information, are adjusted to exclude certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items that due to their significant and/or unusual nature are evaluated on an individual basis. similar charges or gains for some of these items have been recognized in prior periods and it is reasonably possible that they could reoccur in future periods. non-gaap information is intended to portray the results of our baseline performance which include the discovery, development, licensing, manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of pharmaceutical products on a global basis and to enhance an investor's overall understanding of our past financial performance and prospects for the future. for example, non-gaap earnings and eps information is an indication of our baseline performance before items that are considered by us to not be reflective of our ongoing results. in addition, this information is among the primary indicators we use as a basis for evaluating performance, allocating resources, setting incentive compensation targets, and planning and forecasting for future periods. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for net earnings or diluted eps prepared in accordance with gaap.
accelerated depreciation, asset impairment and other shutdown costs             $84                  $151                 $36
amortization of acquired amylin intangible assets                                 -                     -                 549
amortization of amylin alliance proceeds                                          -                     -                (273    )
amortization of amylin inventory adjustment                                       -                     -                  14
cost of products sold                                                            84                   151                 326
additional year of branded prescription drug fee                                  -                    96                   -
marketing, selling and administrative                                            10                   105                  16
iprd impairments                                                                160                   343                   -
research and development                                                      1,883                   621                  16
gain on sale of businesses, product lines and assets                           (187    )             (559    )              -
out-licensed intangible asset impairment                                         13                    11                   -
(a)    includes $16 million of additional year of branded prescription drug fee in the third quarter of 2014.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources our net cash position was as follows:
marketable securities - current                                  1,885               1,864
marketable securities - non-current                              4,660               4,408
total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities           8,930              11,843
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities held in the u.s. were approximately $1.7 billion at december 31, 2015. most of the remaining $7.2 billion is held primarily in low-tax jurisdictions and is attributable to earnings that are expected to be indefinitely reinvested offshore. cash repatriations are subject to restrictions in certain jurisdictions and may be subject to withholding and additional u.s. income taxes. we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities together with cash generated from operations and issuance of commercial paper in the u.s. will be sufficient to satisfy our normal cash requirements for at least the next few years, including dividends, capital expenditures, milestone payments and working capital.
management continuously evaluates the company's capital structure to ensure the company is financed efficiently. this includes potential opportunities to repurchase certain debt securities, terminate certain interest rate swap contracts prior to their maturity and access the capital markets, subject to market conditions. for example, we issued senior unsecured notes in a registered public offering generating proceeds of $1.3 billion and redeemed/repurchased certain notes for nearly $2.0 billion during 2015. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 10. financial instruments and fair value measurements" for further details. we issued commercial paper to meet near-term domestic liquidity requirements during 2015. the average amount of commercial paper outstanding was $254 million at a weighted-average interest rate of 0.16% during 2015. the maximum month end amount of commercial paper outstanding was $755 million with no outstanding borrowings at december 31, 2015.
dividend payments were $2.5 billion in 2015, $2.4 billion in 2014 and $2.3 billion in 2013. dividend decisions are made on a quarterly basis by our board of directors. capital expenditures were approximately $800 million in 2015 and approximately $500 million in 2014 and 2013 and are expected to be approximately $1.3 billion in 2016 and $1.0 billion in 2017. the higher spending is expected as a result of expanding our biologics manufacturing capabilities and other facility-related activities. for example, we are constructing a new large-scale biologics manufacturing facility in ireland that will produce multiple therapies for our growing biologics portfolio when completed in 2019.
our marketable securities portfolio is subject to changes in fair value as a result of interest rate fluctuations and other market factors, which may impact our results of operations. our investment policy places limits on these investments and the amount and time to maturity of investments with any institution. the policy also requires that investments are only entered into with corporate and financial institutions that meet high credit quality standards. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 10. financial instruments and fair value measurements" for further details.
two separate $1.5 billion five-year revolving credit facilities are maintained from a syndicate of lenders. the facilities provide for customary terms and conditions with no financial covenants and are extendable on any anniversary date with the consent of the lenders. no borrowings were outstanding under either revolving credit facility at december 31, 2015 or 2014.
additional regulations in the u.s. could be passed in the future which could negatively impact our results of operations, operating cash flow, liquidity and financial flexibility. we also continue to monitor the potential impact of the economic conditions in certain european countries and the related impact on prescription trends, pricing discounts, creditworthiness of our customers and our ability to collect outstanding receivables from our direct customers. currently, we believe these economic conditions in the eu will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash flow or financial flexibility.
our exposure with certain european government-backed entities have a higher risk of default. these government-backed entities are monitored through economic factors including credit ratings, credit-default swap rates and debt-to-gross domestic product ratios in addition to entity specific factors. we manage our exposure by factoring certain receivables, including receivables in italy, portugal and spain as circumstances permit. factoring of receivables in those countries were $476 million in 2015, $454 million in 2014 and $509 million in 2013. factoring of receivables in japan were $358 million in 2014 and $522 million in 2013. our factoring agreements do not allow for recourse in the event of uncollectibility and we do not retain interest to the underlying assets once sold.
credit ratings bms's long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned by moody's investors service are a2 and prime-1, respectively, and the long-term credit outlook was revised from negative to stable in april 2015. bms's long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned by standard & poor's are a+ and a-1+, respectively, with a stable long-term credit outlook. bms's long-term and short-term credit ratings assigned by fitch are a- and f2, respectively, with a stable long-term credit outlook. our long-term ratings reflect the agencies' opinion that we have a low default risk but are somewhat susceptible to adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic conditions. our short-term ratings reflect the agencies' opinion that we have good to extremely strong capacity for timely repayment. any credit rating downgrade may affect the interest rate of any debt we may incur, the fair market value of existing debt and our ability to access the capital markets generally.
cash flows the following is a discussion of cash flow activities:
operating activities                      $1,832              $3,148              $3,545
operating activities cash flow from operating activities represents the cash receipts and cash disbursements from all of our activities other than investing activities and financing activities. operating cash flow is derived by adjusting net earnings for noncontrolling interest, non-cash operating items, gains and losses attributed to investing and financing activities and changes in operating assets and liabilities resulting from timing differences between the receipts and payments of cash and when the transactions are recognized in our results of operations. as a result, changes in cash from operating activities reflect the timing of cash collections from customers and alliance partners; payments to suppliers, alliance partners and employees; pension contributions; and tax payments in the ordinary course of business.
the $1.3 billion decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 was primarily attributable to:
•   timing of payments with alliance partners (approximately $700 million), particularly active product ingredient supply and medicaid rebates for abilify*;
•   timing of customer collections resulting primarily from higher net product sales including those with extended payment terms for certain new products and less factoring (approximately $400 million).
partially offset by:
•   the timing of other cash collections and payments in the ordinary course of business including among other items, changes in inventory levels, particularly those related to abilify*.
the $397 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 was primarily attributable to:
•   lower upfront and contingent alliance proceeds of approximately $600 million (reckitt alliance proceeds of $485 million in 2013); and
•   additional net working capital requirements of approximately $400 million.
partially offset by:
•   the timing of other cash collections and payments in the ordinary course of business including among other items, lower pension contributions, restructuring and annual bonus payments.
investing activities cash requirements from investing activities include cash used for business and asset acquisitions, manufacturing and facility-related capital expenditures and purchase of marketable securities with maturities greater than 90 days reduced by proceeds from business divestitures and the sale and maturity of marketable securities.
•   lower proceeds resulting from the diabetes and other business divestitures of $2.9 billion ($700 million in 2015 and $3.6 billion in 2014);
•   higher capital expenditures (approximately $300 million).
partially offset by:
•   lower net purchases of marketable securities of $1.3 billion in 2015; and
•   proceeds of $3.5 billion allocated to the diabetes business divestiture in 2014.
partially offset by:
•   higher net purchases of marketable securities (approximately $1.6 billion); and
financing activities cash requirements from financing activities include cash used to pay dividends, repurchase common stock and repay long-term debt and other borrowings reduced by proceeds from the exercise of stock options and issuance of long-term debt and other borrowings.
•   lower short-term borrowings of approximately $700 million in 2015, consisting primarily of changes in bank overdrafts.
•   lower net borrowings from long-term debt transactions of $1.6 billion ($676 million of repayments in 2014 and $892 million of net borrowings in 2013); and
•   lower proceeds from stock option exercises ($288 million in 2014 and $564 million in 2013, including excess tax benefits).
partially offset by:
operating leases                          822                 134                 111                99                  78                62                 338
(a)   includes estimated future interest payments and periodic cash settlements of derivatives.
(b)   includes only short-term uncertain tax benefits because of uncertainties regarding the timing of resolution.
in addition to the above, we are committed to an aggregated $9.3 billion of potential future research and development milestone payments to third parties for in-licensing, asset acquisitions and development programs including early-stage milestones of $2.6 billion (milestones achieved through phase iii clinical trials) and late-stage milestones of $6.7 billion (milestones achieved post phase iii clinical trials). payments generally are due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental and regulatory milestones for which the specific timing cannot be predicted. some of these agreements also provide for sales-based milestones aggregating $2.3 billion that we would be obligated to pay to alliance partners upon achievement of certain sales levels in addition to royalties. we also have certain manufacturing, development and commercialization obligations in connection with alliance arrangements. it is not practicable to estimate the amount of these obligations. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances" for further information regarding our alliances.
for a discussion of contractual obligations, refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 8. income taxes," "-note 10. financial instruments and fair value measurements," "-note 19. pension, postretirement and postemployment liabilities" and "-note 21. leases."
sec consent order / fcpa settlement as previously disclosed, on august 4, 2004, we entered into a final settlement with the sec, concluding an investigation concerning certain wholesaler inventory and accounting matters. the settlement was reached through a consent, a copy of which was attached as exhibit 10 to our quarterly report on form 10-q for the period ended september 30, 2004.
under the terms of the consent, we agreed, subject to certain defined exceptions, to limit sales of all products sold to our direct customers (including wholesalers, distributors, hospitals, retail outlets, pharmacies and government purchasers) based on expected demand or on amounts that do not exceed approximately one month of inventory on hand, without making a timely public disclosure of any change in practice. we also agreed in the consent to certain measures that we have implemented including: (a) establishing a formal review and certification process of our annual and quarterly reports filed with the sec; (b) establishing a business risk and disclosure group; (c) retaining an outside consultant to comprehensively study and help re-engineer our accounting and financial reporting processes; (d) publicly disclosing any sales incentives offered to direct customers for the purpose of inducing them to purchase products in excess of expected demand; and (e) ensuring that our budget process gives appropriate weight to inputs that come from the bottom to the top, and not just from the top to the bottom, and adequately documenting that process.
we have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the consent. this policy includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent. these procedures include a governance process to escalate to appropriate management levels potential questions or concerns regarding compliance with the policy and timely resolution of such questions or concerns. in addition, compliance with the policy is monitored on a regular basis.
we maintain inventory management agreements (imas) with our u.s. pharmaceutical wholesalers, which account for nearly 100% of our gross u.s. revenues. under the current terms of the imas, our wholesaler customers provide us with weekly information with respect to months on hand product-level inventories and the amount of out-movement of products. the three largest wholesalers currently account for approximately 95% of our gross u.s. revenues. the inventory information received from our wholesalers, together with our internal information, is used to estimate months on hand product level inventories at these wholesalers. we estimate months on hand product inventory levels for our u.s. business's wholesaler customers other than the three largest wholesalers by extrapolating from the months on hand calculated for the three largest wholesalers. in contrast, our non-u.s. business has significantly more direct customers, limited information on direct customer product level inventory and corresponding out-movement information and the reliability of third-party demand information, where available, varies widely. accordingly, we rely on a variety of methods to estimate months on hand product level inventories for these business units.
in addition, as previously disclosed, in october 2015, the company reached a civil settlement with the sec of alleged foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) violations in which the company agreed to approximately $14.7 million in disgorgement, penalties and interest.  as part of the settlement, the company also agreed to a two-year self-monitoring period of reporting to the government and is maintaining procedures to ensure compliance.
recently issued accounting standards for recently issued accounting standards, refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 1. accounting policies-recently issued accounting standards."
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. our critical accounting policies are those that significantly impact our financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. because of this uncertainty, actual results may vary from these estimates. these accounting policies were discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors.
revenue recognition our accounting policy for revenue recognition has a substantial impact on reported results and relies on certain estimates. revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the sales price is fixed or determinable, collectability is reasonably assured and title and substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership have transferred (generally upon shipment except in certain eu markets which does not occur until delivery of the products to the customer). in 2014, we deferred approximately $300 million invoiced for daklinza under an early access program in france. a portion of this amount was recognized as revenue in 2015 when final pricing was obtained in france. revenue is also reduced for gross-to-net sales adjustments discussed below, all of which involve significant estimates and judgment after considering legal interpretations of applicable laws and regulations, historical experience, payer channel mix (e.g. medicare or medicaid), current contract prices under applicable programs, unbilled claims and processing time lags and inventory levels in the distribution channel. estimates are assessed each period and adjusted as required to revised information or actual experience.
in alliance arrangements involving the delivery of more than one element, each undelivered element is evaluated whether it qualifies as a separate unit of accounting. the consideration that is fixed or determinable is then allocated to each undelivered element and is recognized as the related goods or services are delivered, limited to the consideration that is not contingent upon future deliverables. consideration associated with contingent milestones and royalties are allocated among the underlying elements if and when the amounts are determined to be payable to bms.
gross-to-net adjustments the following categories of gross-to-net adjustments involve significant estimates, judgments and information obtained from external sources. refer to "-total revenues" above for further discussion and analysis of each significant category of gross-to-net sales adjustments.
charge-backs and cash discounts our u.s. business participates in programs with government entities, the most significant of which are the u.s. department of defense and the u.s. department of veterans affairs, and other parties, including covered entities under the 340b drug pricing program, whereby pricing on products is extended below wholesaler list price to participating entities. these entities purchase products through wholesalers at the lower program price and the wholesalers then charge us the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower program price. accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of unprocessed charge-back claims attributable to a sale (typically within a two to four week time lag).
in the u.s. and certain other countries, cash discounts are offered as an incentive for prompt payment, generally approximating 2% of the sales price. accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of unprocessed cash discounts (typically within a one month time lag).
medicaid and medicare rebates our u.s. business participates in state government medicaid programs and other qualifying federal and state government programs requiring discounts and rebates to participating state and local government entities. all discounts and rebates provided through these programs are included in our medicaid rebate accrual. medicaid rebates have also been extended to drugs used in managed medicaid plans. the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates is presented as a liability.
rebates and discounts are offered to managed healthcare organizations in the u.s. managing prescription drug programs and medicare advantage prescription drug plans covering the medicare part d drug benefit. we also pay a 50% point of service discount to the centers for medicare & medicaid services when the medicare part d beneficiaries are in the coverage gap ("donut hole"). the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates and discounts is presented as a liability.
sales returns products are typically eligible to be returned between six months prior to and twelve months after product expiration, in accordance with our policy. estimated returns for established products are determined after considering historical experience and other factors including levels of inventory in the distribution channel, estimated shelf life, product recalls, product discontinuances, price changes of competitive products, introductions of generic products, introductions of competitive new products and lower demand following the loss of exclusivity. the estimated amount for product returns is presented as a liability.
estimated returns for new products are determined after considering historical sales return experience of similar products, such as those within the same product line or similar therapeutic category. we defer recognition of revenue until the right of return expires or until sufficient historical experience to estimate sales returns is developed in limited circumstances. this typically occurs when the new product is not an extension of an existing line of product or when historical experience with products in a similar therapeutic category is lacking. estimated levels of inventory in the distribution channel and projected demand are also considered in estimating sales returns for new products.
other rebates, discounts and adjustments other gross-to-net sales adjustments include all other programs based on applicable laws and regulations for individual non-u.s. countries as well as rebates offered to managed healthcare organizations in the u.s to a lesser extent. the non-u.s. programs include several different pricing schemes such as cost caps, volume discounts, outcome-based pricing schemes and pricing claw-backs that are based on sales of individual companies or an aggregation of all companies participating in a specific market. the estimated amount of unpaid or unbilled rebates and discounts is presented as a liability.
use of information from external sources information from external sources is used to estimate gross-to-net adjustments. our estimate of inventory at the wholesalers are based on the projected prescription demand-based sales for our products and historical inventory experience, as well as our analysis of third-party information, including written and oral information obtained from certain wholesalers with respect to their inventory levels and sell-through to customers and third-party market research data, and our internal information. the inventory information received from wholesalers is a product of their recordkeeping process and excludes inventory held by intermediaries to whom they sell, such as retailers and hospitals.
we have also continued the practice of combining retail and mail prescription volume on a retail-equivalent basis. we use this methodology for internal demand forecasts. we also use information from external sources to identify prescription trends, patient demand and average selling prices. our estimates are subject to inherent limitations of estimates that rely on third-party information, as certain third-party information was itself in the form of estimates, and reflect other limitations including lags between the date as of which third-party information is generated and the date on which we receive third-party information.
retirement benefits accounting for pension and postretirement benefit plans requires actuarial valuations based on significant assumptions for discount rates and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. in consultation with our actuaries, these significant assumptions and others such as salary growth, retirement, turnover, healthcare trends and mortality rates are evaluated and selected based on expectations or actual experience during each remeasurement date. pension expense could vary within a range of outcomes and have a material effect on reported earnings, projected benefit obligations and future cash funding. actual results in any given year may differ from those estimated because of economic and other factors.
the yield on high quality corporate bonds that coincides with the cash flows of the plans' estimated payouts is used in determining the discount rate. the citigroup pension discount curve is used for the u.s. plans. the u.s. plans' pension expense for 2015 was determined using a 4.0% weighted-average discount rate. the present value of benefit obligations at december 31, 2015 for the u.s. pension plans was determined using a 4.2% discount rate. if the discount rate used in determining the u.s. plans' pension expense for 2015 was reduced by an additional 1%, such expense would increase by approximately $9 million. if the assumed discount rate used in determining the u.s. pension plans' projected benefit obligation at december 31, 2015 was reduced by an additional 1%, the projected benefit obligation would increase by approximately $1.0 billion.
new mortality tables (rp-2014) and mortality improvement scales (mp-2014) were issued by the society of actuaries in 2014 reflecting longer life expectancies than the previous tables. the new tables were used to measure the u.s. pension and post-retirement obligations beginning at september 30, 2014, resulting in an increase in the obligations of approximately $600 million. the revised mortality rates are not expected to materially impact pension expense in future periods.
the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is estimated considering expected returns for individual asset classes with input from external advisors. we also consider long-term historical returns including actual performance compared to benchmarks for similar investments. the u.s. plans' pension expense for 2015 was determined using an 7.8% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. if the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used in determining the u.s. plans' pension expense for 2015 was reduced by 1%, such expense would increase by $39 million.
for a more detailed discussion on retirement benefits, refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 19. pension, postretirement and postemployment liabilities."
business combinations and divestitures goodwill and other intangible assets acquired in business combinations, licensing and other transactions were $8.3 billion (representing 26% of total assets) at december 31, 2015.
accounting for transactions as business combinations and divestitures is significantly different than asset acquisitions and divestitures. for example, acquired iprd is capitalized for business combinations and expensed for asset acquisitions and the fair value of contingent consideration and goodwill are only recognized in business combination transactions. likewise, when a portion of a reporting unit that constitutes a business is divested, goodwill associated with that business is included in the carrying value of the business in determining the gain or loss. derecognition of goodwill does not occur in asset dispositions. as a result, it is important to determine whether a business or an asset or group of assets is acquired or divested. a business is defined in asc 805 - business combinations as an integrated set of inputs and processes that are capable of generating outputs that have the ability to provide a return to its investors or owners. typical inputs include long-lived assets (including intangible assets or rights to use long-lived assets), intellectual property and the ability to obtain access to required resources. typical processes include strategic, operational and resource management processes that are typically documented or evident through an organized workforce.
we consider all of the above factors when determining whether a business was acquired (or divested) as well as the compound's development phase if no commercial products are involved. for example, in evaluating our acquisitions of cardioxyl and flexus in 2015 and ipierian in 2014, we concluded that no significant processes were transferred to us, thus the transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions. as a result, the amounts allocated to the lead investigational compounds were expensed and not capitalized. in addition, contingent consideration from potential development, regulatory, approval and sales-based milestones and sales-based royalties were not included in the purchase price. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 4. acquisitions and other divestitures" for further discussion on our acquisitions.
similarly, in evaluating our divestitures of erbitux*, ixempra* and the businesses comprising the alliances with the medicines company and valeant pharmaceuticals international, inc. in 2015 and our diabetes business to astrazeneca plc (astrazeneca) in 2014 we concluded that all necessary inputs and processes were transferred, and consequently the transactions were accounted for as sales of businesses, which resulted in the allocation of goodwill ($73 million in 2015 and $600 million in 2014) to the carrying value of the businesses in determining the gain on sale. contingent proceeds related to divestitures are not recognized until realized.
valuation processes are also required for certain multiple element arrangements and include determination of judgmental and complex matters, discussed above. for example, bms purchased a warrant in 2015 that gives bms the exclusive right to acquire promedior, which required the determination of the best estimated selling price of the two separate elements identified in the transaction (the warrant and the clinical development services). similarly, the divestiture of the diabetes business to astrazeneca in 2014 required the determination of the best estimated selling price of several elements including the business, supply and development agreements (including the appropriate mark-ups) and the estimated fair value of the manufacturing facility. refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 3. alliances" for further discussion on both transactions.
impairment other intangible assets, including iprd other intangible assets were $1.4 billion at december 31, 2015, including licenses ($266 million), developed technology rights ($758 million), capitalized software ($275 million) and iprd ($120 million). intangible assets are assessed for impairment whenever current facts or circumstances warrant a review, although iprd is assessed at least annually. intangible assets are highly vulnerable to impairment charges, particularly newly acquired assets for recently launched products or iprd. these assets are initially measured at fair value and therefore any reduction in expectations used in the valuations could potentially lead to impairment. some of the more common potential risks leading to impairment include competition, earlier than expected loss of exclusivity, pricing pressures, adverse regulatory changes or clinical trial results, delay or failure to obtain regulatory approval and additional development costs, inability to achieve expected synergies, higher operating costs, changes in tax laws and other macro-economic changes. the complexity in estimating the fair value of intangible assets in connection with an impairment test is similar to the initial valuation.
considering the high risk nature of research and development and the industry's success rate of bringing developmental compounds to market, iprd impairment charges are likely to occur in future periods. we recognized a $160 million charge in 2015 for bms-986020 which was in phase ii development for treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and $343 million in 2014, including a $310 million charge for peginterferon lambda which was in phase iii development for treatment of hcv. for discussion on iprd impairments, refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 14. goodwill and other intangible assets."
property, plant and equipment property, plant and equipment is tested for impairment whenever current facts or circumstances warrant a review. additionally, these long-lived assets are periodically reviewed to determine if any change in facts or circumstances would result in a change to the estimated useful life of the asset, possibly resulting in the acceleration of depreciation. if such circumstances exist, an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows generated by the asset, or the appropriate grouping of assets, is compared to the carrying value to determine whether an impairment exists at its lowest level of identifiable cash flows. if an asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset's fair value and its carrying value. expectations of future cash flows are subject to change based upon the near and long-term production volumes and margins generated by the asset as well as any potential alternative future use. accelerated depreciation and other related charges for certain manufacturing and r&d facilities were $115 million in 2015, $151 million in 2014 and $36 million in 2013.
contingencies in the normal course of business, we are subject to contingencies, such as legal proceedings and claims arising out of our business, that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, government investigations, shareholder lawsuits, product and environmental liability, contractual claims and tax matters. we recognize accruals for such contingencies when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. these estimates are subject to uncertainties that are difficult to predict and, as such, actual results could vary from these estimates.
for discussions on contingencies, refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 1. accounting policies-contingencies," "-note 8. income taxes" and "-note 22. legal proceedings and contingencies."
income taxes valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. the assessment of whether or not a valuation allowance is required often requires significant judgment including long-range forecasts of future taxable income and evaluation of tax planning initiatives. adjustments to the deferred tax valuation allowances are made to earnings in the period when such assessments are made. our deferred tax assets were $4.1 billion at december 31, 2015 (net of valuation allowances of $3.5 billion) and $3.8 billion at december 31, 2014 (net of valuation allowances of $4.3 billion).
deferred tax assets related to a u.s. federal net operating loss carryforward of $146 million and a u.s. federal tax credit carryforward of $27 million were recognized at december 31, 2015. the net operating loss carryforward expires in varying amounts beginning in 2022. the u.s. federal tax credit carryforward expires in varying amounts beginning in 2017. the realization of these carryforwards is dependent on generating sufficient domestic-sourced taxable income prior to their expiration. a $6 million valuation allowance was established for this item at december 31, 2015. although not assured, we believe it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets not valued will be realized.
taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries expected to be reinvested indefinitely offshore.
prior to the mead johnson nutrition company (mead johnson) split-off in 2009, the following transactions occurred: (i) an internal spin-off of mead johnson shares while still owned by us; (ii) conversion of mead johnson class b shares to class a shares; and; (iii) conversion of mead johnson & company to a limited liability company. these transactions as well as the split-off of mead johnson through the exchange offer should qualify as tax-exempt transactions under the internal revenue code based upon a private letter ruling received from the internal revenue service related to the conversion of mead johnson class b shares to class a shares, and outside legal opinions.
certain assumptions, representations and covenants by mead johnson were relied upon regarding the future conduct of its business and other matters which could affect the tax treatment of the exchange. for example, the current tax law generally creates a presumption that the exchange would be taxable to us, if mead johnson or its shareholders were to engage in transactions that result in a 50% or greater change in its stock ownership during a four year period beginning two years before the exchange offer, unless it is established that the exchange offer were not part of a plan or series of related transactions to effect such a change in ownership. if the internal spin-off or exchange offer were determined not to qualify as a tax exempt transaction, the transaction could be subject to tax as if the exchange was a taxable sale by us at market value.
in addition, a negative basis or excess loss account (ela) existed in our investment in stock of mead johnson prior to these transactions. we received an opinion from outside legal counsel to the effect that it is more likely than not that we eliminated the ela as part of these transactions and do not have taxable income with respect to the ela. the tax law in this area is complex and it is possible that even if the internal spin-off and the exchange offer is tax exempt under the internal revenue code, the irs could assert that we have additional taxable income for the period with respect to the ela. we could be exposed to additional taxes if this were to occur. based upon our understanding of the internal revenue code and opinion from outside legal counsel, a tax reserve of $244 million was established reducing the gain on disposal of mead johnson included in discontinued operations in 2009.
we agreed to certain tax related indemnities with mead johnson as set forth in the tax sharing agreement, including certain taxes related to its business prior to the completion of the ipo and created as part of the restructuring to facilitate the ipo. mead johnson has also agreed to indemnify us for potential tax effects resulting from the breach of certain representations discussed above as well as certain transactions related to the acquisition of mead johnson's stock or assets.
liabilities are established for possible assessments by tax authorities resulting from known tax exposures including, but not limited to, transfer pricing matters, tax credits and deductibility of certain expenses. such liabilities represent a reasonable provision for taxes ultimately expected to be paid and may need to be adjusted over time as more information becomes known. for example, additional reserves of $123 million were established in 2014 for certain transfer pricing matters related to periods from 2008 through 2014.
for discussions on income taxes, refer to "item 8. financial statements-note 1. accounting policies-income taxes" and "-note 8. income taxes."
product and pipeline developments our r&d programs are managed on a portfolio basis from early discovery through late-stage development. we continually evaluate our portfolio to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of early-stage and late-stage programs to support future growth. our r&d programs in phase iii development are considered significant, as these programs constitute our late-stage development pipeline. these development programs include both investigational compounds in phase iii development for initial indications and marketed products in phase iii development for additional indications or formulations. spending on these programs represents approximately 30-45% of our annual r&d expenses. no individual investigational compound or marketed product represented 10% or more of our r&d expenses in any of the last three years, except for opdivo in 2015. our late-stage development programs could potentially have an impact on our revenue and earnings within the next few years, although we do not expect all of our late-stage development programs to make it to market. the following are the developments in our marketed products and our late-stage pipeline:
opdivo - a fully human monoclonal antibody that binds to the pd-1 on t and nkt cells that has been approved and continues to be investigated as an anti-cancer treatment. opdivo is part of our alliance with ono.
•   in january 2016, the company announced a randomized phase iii study evaluating opdivo versus investigator's choice in patients with recurrent or metastatic platinum-refractory squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck was stopped early because an assessment conducted by the independent data monitoring committee (dmc) concluded that the study met its primary endpoint, demonstrating superior overall survival in patients receiving opdivo compared to the control arm.
•   in january 2016, the company announced the fda approved opdivo in combination with yervoy for the treatment of patients with braf v600 wild-type and braf v600 mutation positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma. this approval expands the original indication for the opdivo+yervoy regimen for the treatment of patients with braf v600 wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma to include patients, regardless of braf mutational status, based on data from the phase iii checkmate-067 trial which evaluated progression-free survival and overall survival as co-primary endpoints. this indication is approved under accelerated approval based on progression-free survival.
•   in january 2016, the company announced the fda expanded the use of opdivo as a single agent to include previously untreated braf mutation positive advanced melanoma patients. the use of opdivo as a single agent in patients with braf v600 mutation positive unresectable or metastatic melanoma is approved under accelerated approval based on progression-free survival.
•   in november 2015, the company announced the fda approved opdivo as a single agent for the treatment of previously untreated patients with braf v600 wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma.
◦   checkmate-066 - in the study evaluating opdivo as a single agent versus dacarbazine in patients with previously untreated braf wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma, opdivo continued to demonstrate superior overall survival versus dacarbazine with 57.7% of patients alive at two years compared to 26.7% of patients treated with dacarbazine. the safety profile of opdivo was consistent with prior studies.
◦   study 004 - in the study evaluating opdivo in combination with yervoy in patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma on which the proof of concept for opdivo+yervoy regimen approval was based, data from the longest follow-
up of the regimen from various phase i cohorts showed a three-year overall survival rate of 68% across phase i dosing cohorts. the frequency of treatment-related adverse events in the study were similar between cohorts, and was consistent with the phase ii and iii trials for the combination therapy.
•   in september 2015, the fda approved opdivo in combination with yervoy, for the treatment of patients with braf v600 wild-type unresectable or metastatic melanoma. the announcement marked the first and only fda approval of a regimen of two immuno-oncology agents in cancer. this indication is approved under accelerated approval based on tumor response rate and durability of response.
•   in july 2015, the european medicines agency (ema) validated the company's type ii variation application that seeks to extend the use of opdivo in combination with yervoy for the treatment of advanced (unresectable or metastatic) melanoma in adults. the application is based on data from the phase iii checkmate-067 study, phase ii checkmate-069 study and the phase ib ca209-004 study. validation of an application confirms that the submission is complete and starts the ema's centralized review process.
•   in june 2015, the company announced the european commission (ec) approved opdivo for the treatment of both first-line and previously treated unresectable or metastatic melanoma patients, regardless of braf status. the approval allows for the marketing of opdivo in all 28 member states of the eu. opdivo is the only pd-1 immune checkpoint inhibitor to receive an accelerated assessment in europe, and is the first approval given by the ec for a pd-1 inhibitor in any cancer.
•   in may 2015, the company announced positive results of a phase iii trial (checkmate-067) evaluating the opdivo+yervoy regimen or opdivo monotherapy vs. yervoy monotherapy in patients with previously untreated advanced melanoma. both the opdivo+yervoy regimen (n=314) and opdivo monotherapy (n=316) demonstrated superiority to yervoy (n=315), the current standard of care, for the co-primary endpoint of progression-free survival (pfs). median pfs was 11.5 months for the opdivo+yervoy regimen and 6.9 months for opdivo monotherapy, vs. 2.9 months for yervoy monotherapy. the opdivo+yervoy regimen demonstrated a 58% reduction in the risk of disease progression vs. yervoy (hazard ratio: 0.42; 99.5% ci, 0.31 to 0.57; p&lt;0.0001), while opdivo monotherapy demonstrated a 43% risk reduction versus yervoy monotherapy (hazard ratio: 0.57; 99.5% ci, 0.43 to 0.76; p&lt;0.00001). the hazard ratio for the exploratory endpoint comparing opdivo+yervoy pfs and opdivo pfs was 0.74 (95% ci, 0.60 to 0.92). the safety profile was consistent with previously-reported studies evaluating the opdivo+yervoy regimen. the treatment-related adverse event rate was 95.5% for the opdivo+yervoy regimen compared to 82.1% for opdivo monotherapy and 86.2% for yervoy monotherapy. most select treatment-related adverse events were resolved using established management guidelines. the trial is ongoing and patients continue to be followed for overall survival, a co-primary endpoint.
•   in april 2015, the company announced positive results from a phase ii trial (checkmate-069), evaluating the opdivo+yervoy regimen versus yervoy alone in patients with previously untreated advanced melanoma. patients with braf wild-type mutation status treated with the opdivo+yervoy regimen experienced a higher objective response rate (orr) of 61% (n=44/72) - the primary study endpoint - compared to 11% (n=4/37) for patients administered yervoy monotherapy (p&lt;0.001). complete responses were also reported in 22% (n=16) of patients with braf wild-type mutation status administered the opdivo+yervoy regimen and in no patients who received yervoy monotherapy. similar results were also observed in braf mutation-positive patients.
•   in december 2015, the company and ono announced that ono received manufacturing and marketing approval for opdivo in japan for the treatment of patients with unresectable, advanced or recurrent nsclc.
•   in november 2015, the company announced the ec approved the reconciliation of indications for nivolumab under the opdivo european marketing authorization application (maa). in compliance with ec regulations, bms previously submitted two separate maas to the ema; one under the name opdivo for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma in adults, and one under the name nivolumab bms for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic sq nsclc after prior chemotherapy. an application to reconcile these two indications was then submitted under the opdivo brand name. following approval for both of these indications by the ec earlier this year, the company voluntarily withdrew the marketing authorization under the nivolumab bms brand name. this withdrawal has no impact for sq nsclc patients taking nivolumab since opdivo is now approved for the treatment of sq nsclc, as well as for melanoma.
•   in october 2015, the company announced the fda approved opdivo for the treatment of previously treated patients with nsq nsclc regardless of pd-l1 expression, which expands upon the current indication for opdivo in patients with previously treated sq nsclc.
•   in september 2015, the company announced longer term (18 month) survival data from checkmate-057, an open-label, randomized phase iii study evaluating opdivo (n=292) versus docetaxel (n=290) in previously treated patients with advanced nsq nsclc. opdivo continued to demonstrate superior overall survival - the study's primary endpoint - with an estimated 39% of patients alive at 18 months (95% ci, 34-45) versus 23% for docetaxel, based on a minimum follow-up of 17.1 months. opdivo also continued to demonstrate a reduction in the risk of death by 28% (a hazard ratio of 0.72; 95% ci, 0.60 - 0.88). in
the study, grade 3-4 treatment-related adverse events were reported in 10% of patients treated with opdivo versus 54% in the docetaxel arm.
•   in september 2015, the company announced updated results from the opdivo+yervoy arms in checkmate-012, a multi-arm phase ib trial evaluating opdivo in patients with chemotherapy-naïve advanced nsclc. in this study, opdivo was administered as monotherapy or as part of a combination with other agents, including yervoy, at different doses and schedules. results from other cohorts in checkmate-012 have been previously-unreported. these updated results include findings from the administration of four new dosing schedules of opdivo+yervoy (n=148), which resulted in confirmed objective response rates ranging from 13% to 39% depending on the administered regimen. median duration of response was not reached in any of these arms with a median follow-up of 6.2 months to 16.6 months, and median progression-free survival pfs ranged from 4.9 months to 10.6 months. the types of treatment-related serious adverse events reported in these cohorts for checkmate-012 were consistent with other previously-reported opdivo+yervoy cohorts of this trial. the new dosing schedules in this study resulted in less toxicity than previously-reported dosing schedules, and were characterized by low frequency of treatment-related adverse events leading to discontinuation (3% to 10%) and no treatment-related deaths.
•   in september 2015, the company announced longer term survival and safety data from checkmate-017 and -063, two pivotal trials evaluating opdivo in previously treated sq nsclc, showing sustained survival benefit across these studies. in both trials, opdivo showed an estimated 18 month overall survival rate of 27% (checkmate-063) to 28% (checkmate-017); survival benefit was independent of pd-l1 expression. the safety profile of opdivo is consistent with previously-reported trials, and in checkmate-017, is also favorable compared to docetaxel.
•   in july 2015, the ema validated the company's type ii variation application that seeks to extend the use of opdivo monotherapy in nsq nsclc and is based on data from the phase iii checkmate-057 study.
•   in july 2015, the company announced the ec approved nivolumab bms for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic sq nsclc after prior chemotherapy. this approval marks the first major treatment advance in sq nsclc in more than a decade in the eu. nivolumab is the first and only pd-1 immune checkpoint inhibitor to demonstrate overall survival in previously-treated metastatic sq nsclc.
•   in may 2015, the company announced results from checkmate-017, a phase iii, open-label, randomized study evaluating opdivo (n=135) versus docetaxel (n=137) in previously treated patients with advanced sq nsclc. at one year, opdivo demonstrated an overall survival rate of 42% versus 24% for docetaxel, with a median overall survival of 9.2 months versus 6 months, respectively. opdivo reduced the risk of death by 41%, based upon a hazard ratio of 0.59 (95% ci, 0.44-0.79; p = 0.00025). the safety profile of opdivo in checkmate-017 was consistent with prior studies and favorable versus docetaxel.
•   in may 2015, the company announced that opdivo was the first pd-1 inhibitor to demonstrate superior overall survival versus standard of care (docetaxel) in an open-label, randomized phase iii study (checkmate-057) evaluating previously-treated patients with advanced, nsq nsclc. a 27% reduction in the risk of progression or death - the primary study endpoint - was reported for opdivo (n=292) versus docetaxel (n=290) based upon a hazard ratio of 0.73 (96% ci, 0.59-0.89; p=0.0015). opdivo was associated with a doubling of overall median survival across the continuum of pd-l1 expression, starting at 1% level of expression, in the trial. the safety profile of opdivo in checkmate-057 was favorable versus docetaxel with grade 3-5 treatment-related adverse events reported in 10% of patients who were treated with opdivo versus 54% in the docetaxel arm. in april 2015, the company announced that checkmate-057 was stopped early because an assessment conducted by the independent dmc concluded that the study met its primary endpoint.
•   in march 2015, the company announced the fda approved opdivo for the treatment of patients with advanced sq nsclc with progression on or after platinum-based chemotherapy. opdivo is the first and only pd-1 therapy to demonstrate overall survival in previously treated advanced sq nsclc. opdivo demonstrated significantly superior overall survival vs. docetaxel, with a 41% reduction in the risk of death (hazard ratio: 0.59 [95% ci: 0.44, 0.79; p=0.00025]), in a prespecified interim analysis of a phase iii clinical trial. the median overall survival was 9.2 months in the opdivo arm (95% ci: 7.3, 13.3) and 6 months in the docetaxel arm (95% ci: 5.1, 7.3).
•   in november 2015, the company announced the fda approved opdivo for the treatment of patients with advanced rcc who have received prior anti-angiogenic therapy.
•   in november 2015, the company announced the ema validated a type ii variation application, which seeks to extend the current indication for opdivo to include the treatment of adult patients with advanced rcc after prior therapy. validation of the application confirms the submission is complete and begins the ema's centralized review process.
•   in september 2015, the company announced results from checkmate-025, a phase iii study comparing opdivo to everolimus in advanced rcc after prior anti-angiogenic treatment, showing a significant overall survival benefit for opdivo. in the trial, opdivo demonstrated a median overall survival benefit of 25 months compared to 19.6 months for everolimus. clinical benefit for opdivo was observed regardless of level of pd-l1 expression. the safety profile shown in checkmate-025 is consistent with
previously reported opdivo trials. in july 2015, the company announced that checkmate-025 was stopped early because an assessment by the independent dmc concluded that the study met its primary endpoint.
•   in may 2015, the company announced results from an interim analysis of ca209-040, a phase i/ii dose-ranging trial evaluating the safety and anti-tumor activity of opdivo in previously-treated patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (hcc) or advanced liver cancer. initial findings demonstrated that the estimated survival rate in evaluable patients (n=47) was 62% at 12 months. results also show the safety profile of opdivo is generally consistent with that previously reported for opdivo in other tumor types.
empliciti - a humanized monoclonal antibody for the treatment of multiple myeloma. empliciti is part of our alliance with abbvie inc. (abbvie).
•   in january 2016, the company and abbvie announced the committee for medicinal products for human use (chmp) of the ema has adopted a positive opinion recommending that empliciti be granted approval for the treatment of multiple myeloma as combination therapy with revlimid* and dexamethasone in patients who have received at least one prior therapy. the application now will be reviewed by the ec, which has the authority to approve medicines for the eu.
•   in december 2015, the company and abbvie announced extended follow-up data and a pre-specified interim overall survival analysis of empliciti in combination with revlimid* and dexamethasone (erd) in patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma from eloquent-2. the follow-up data demonstrated that empliciti in combination with rd had an improvement in progression-free survival with a hazard ratio (hr) of 0.73 (95% ci: 0.60, 0.89; p="0".0014) versus rd alone. this result was consistent with the improvement in pfs that was observed at the time of the primary analysis (hr 0.70 [95% ci: 0.57, 0.85; p = 0.0004]).
•   in november 2015, the company and abbvie announced the fda approved empliciti for the treatment of multiple myeloma as a combination therapy with revlimid* and dexamethasone in patients who have received one to three prior therapies.
•   in june 2015, the company and abbvie announced that results from an interim analysis of its phase iii, randomized, open-label eloquent-2 trial. the trial (n=646) evaluated empliciti in combination with lenalidomide and dexamethasone (eld) versus lenalidomide and dexamethasone alone (ld) for the treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma. the study met its co-primary endpoints demonstrating superior pfs and orr. the eld arm demonstrated a 30% reduction in the risk of disease progression or death compared to the ld arm (hr 0.70, 95% ci, [0.57, 0.85]; p = 0.0004). the pfs rates in the eld arm versus the ld arm were 68% versus 57% at 1 year and 41% versus 27% at 2 years, respectively. a significant orr also was observed with 79% (74% to 83%) in the eld arm compared to 66% (60% to 71%) in the ld arm (odds ratio, 1.9; 1.4 to 2.8; p=0.0002). the safety profile was consistent with previously-reported studies and there were minimal incremental adverse events with the addition of empliciti to lenalidomide and dexamethasone.
sprycel - an oral inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinases indicated for the first-line treatment of adults with philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia (cml) in chronic phase (cp) and the treatment of adults with chronic, accelerated, or myeloid or lymphoid blast phase cml with resistance or intolerance to prior therapy, including gleevec* (imatinib mesylate). sprycel is part of our alliance with otsuka pharmaceutical co., ltd (otsuka).
•   in august 2015, the company and otsuka announced the fda approved an update to the sprycel product labeling. the labeling now includes five-year efficacy and safety data in adult patients with newly diagnosed philadelphia chromosome-positive (ph+) cml in cp and seven-year data in cp ph+ cml patients who are resistant or intolerant to prior therapy, including gleevec* (imatinib mesylate).
yervoy - a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma
•   in october 2015, the company announced the fda approved yervoy for the adjuvant treatment of patients with cutaneous melanoma with pathologic involvement of regional lymph nodes of more than 1 mm who have undergone complete resection including total lymphadenectomy.
•   in october 2015, the company announced a yervoy phase iii trial, study-104 in subjects with stage iv/recurrent nsclc, which compared the efficacy of yervoy in combination with paclitaxel and carboplatin versus placebo, and versus paclitaxel and carboplatin alone did not meet the primary endpoint of overall survival for the yervoy treatment arms and has been discontinued. no new safety concerns with yervoy were identified in either study. the company will complete a full evaluation of the data and work with investigators on the future publication of the results.
•   in july 2015, the company announced two yervoy phase iii trials, study-095 in metastatic castration resistant prostate cancer and study-156 in newly diagnosed extensive-stage disease small cell lung cancer, did not meet their primary endpoints of overall survival versus standard of care and have been discontinued. no new safety concerns with yervoy were identified in either study. the company will complete a full evaluation of the data and work with investigators on the future publication of the results.
•   in july 2015, the japanese ministry of health, labour and welfare approved yervoy for first and second line treatment for unresectable malignant melanoma.
hepatitis c portfolio - daklinza (dcv) - an ns5a replication complex inhibitor; sunvepra (asv) - an ns3 protease inhibitor; and beclabuvir (bcv) - an ns5b non-nucleoside polymerase inhibitor in development
•   in january 2016, the company announced the fda approved daklinza in combination with sofosbuvir (with or without ribavirin) in genotypes 1 and 3. the expanded label includes data in three additional challenging-to-treat patient populations: chronic hcv patients with hiv-1 coinfection, advanced cirrhosis, or post-liver transplant recurrence of hcv. the daklinza plus sofosbuvir regimen is already available for the treatment of chronic hcv genotype 3, and is currently the only 12-week, once-daily all-oral treatment option for these patients. sustained virologic response (svr) rates are reduced in genotype 3 patients with cirrhosis receiving daklinza and sofosbuvir for 12 weeks without ribavirin. sofosbuvir is a product of gilead sciences, inc. (gilead).
•   in january 2016, the company announced the ec approved daklinza for the treatment of chronic hcv in three new patient populations. the expanded label allows for the use of daklinza in combination with sofosbuvir (with or without ribavirin, depending on the indication and hcv genotype) in hcv patients with decompensated cirrhosis, hiv-1 coinfection, and post-liver transplant recurrence of hcv in all 28 member states of the eu.
•   in november 2015, the company announced data from the phase iii ally-3+ trial investigating a regimen of daklinza in combination with sofosbuvir and ribavirin in genotype 3 hcv patients with advanced fibrosis or cirrhosis, for treatment durations of 12 and 16 weeks. this patient population is one of the most difficult to treat, among whom svr rates, or cure, have proved harder to achieve. the results show that 100% of patients in the advanced fibrosis cohort achieved svr12 in both the 12- and 16-week arms of the study. svr12 rates were 83% and 89% in patients with cirrhosis in the 12- and 16-week arms, respectively.
•   in october 2015, the company announced the national institute for health and care excellence (nice) has recommended daklinza in england and wales for the treatment of adult patients with chronic hcv. specifically, nice recommended daklinza to treat certain patients with hcv genotypes 1, 3 and 4. approximately 214,000 people in the uk are thought to have chronic hcv, and roughly 100,000 of those patients are estimated to have genotype 3, a difficult-to-treat and often aggressive form of chronic hcv.
•   in september 2015, the company announced the ec approved an updated label for daklinza for the treatment of genotype 3 chronic hcv. the update allows the use of daklinza in combination with sofosbuvir for 12 weeks in patients without cirrhosis in all 28 member states of the eu, and marks the first time these patients with genotype 3 hcv have a once-daily, all-oral treatment regimen of this shorter duration.
•   in july 2015, the company announced the fda approved daklinza for use with sofosbuvir for the treatment of patients with chronic hcv genotype 3. this approval marks the first time patients with chronic hcv genotype 3 have a 12-week, once-daily, all-oral treatment option. svr rates were reduced in hcv genotype 3-infected patients with cirrhosis receiving this regimen.
•   in july 2015, the company announced that it does not plan to seek regulatory approval of the new drug application of the hcv triple-regimen, or trio, of dcv, asv and bcv, in the united states or in europe.
•   in may 2015, the company announced the fda amended a previously granted breakthrough therapy designation for the investigational daclatasvir and sofosbuvir combination for use in hcv patients. the updated designation reflects recently presented data on hcv genotype 1 patients with advanced cirrhosis (child-pugh class b or c) and those who develop genotype 1 hcv recurrence post-liver transplant.
•   in april 2015, the company announced the primary endpoints were successfully met in ally-1, a phase iii clinical trial evaluating a 12-week, combination of daclatasvir and sofosbuvir once-daily with ribavirin for the treatment of patients with chronic hcv with either advanced cirrhosis or post-liver transplant recurrence of hcv.
•   in february 2015, the company announced results from ally-2, a phase iii clinical trial evaluating the investigational once-daily combination of daclatasvir and sofosbuvir for the treatment of patients with chronic hcv coinfected with hiv - a patient population that historically has been challenging to treat in large part due to potential drug-drug interactions between the therapy regimens used to treat each infection. among ally-2 patients treated for 12 weeks (treatment-naïve and -experienced), 97% (n=149/153) achieved cure (svr12 weeks after treatment). the study met the primary endpoint, with 96% (n=80/83) of treatment-naïve genotype 1 patients achieving svr12. treatment with daclatasvir in combination with sofosbuvir in this study showed high svr rates, with no discontinuations due to adverse events, and no serious adverse events related to study medications throughout the treatment phase.
•   in february 2015, the fda notified the company of its intention to rescind the breakthrough therapy designation for certain genotype 1 hcv regimens related to daclatasvir and other investigational bms therapies. this will not impact our current submission/resubmission timetable of the nda for daclatasvir in combination with other antiviral agents for the treatment of hcv.
reyataz franchise - a protease inhibitor for the treatment of hiv, which includes reyataz and is also included in the combination therapy, evotaz (atazanavir 300 mg and cobicistat 150 mg). evotaz is part of a license agreement with gilead.
•   in july 2015, the company announced the ec approved evotaz for the treatment of hiv-1 infected adults without known mutations associated with resistance to atazanavir. evotaz is a once-daily single tablet two drug regimen combining reyataz and tybost*. tybost* is a product of gilead.
•   in june 2015, the fda granted pediatric exclusivity for reyataz which provides an additional six month period of exclusivity in the u.s.
•   in january 2015, the company announced the fda approved evotaz for the treatment of the hiv-1 infection in adults, a once-daily single tablet two drug regimen combining reyataz and tybost*.
•   in june 2015, the company announced data from the orencia phase iiib avert and ample trials. these trials included early moderate to severe ra patients with active disease. avert trial data suggests potentially faster onset of clinical response and greater drug-free clinical remission with earlier use in patients taking orencia plus methotrexate over patients taking methotrexate alone. exploratory data of patients with high anti-citrullinated protein antibody levels at baseline in the ample trial suggest better response with orencia than with adalimumab. adalimumab is a product of abbvie.
•   in april 2015, the ema approved the clickject pre-filled pen, a new autoinjector delivery device for orencia for use in adult patients in the eu who have moderate to severe active ra in combination with methotrexate after inadequate disease-modifying anti-rheumatic drug response.
eliquis - an oral factor xa inhibitor, targeted at stroke prevention in nvaf and the prevention and treatment of vte disorders. eliquis is part of our alliance with pfizer, inc. (pfizer).
•   in december 2015, the company and pfizer announced results from a post-hoc early time course subanalysis of the phase iii amplify trial. the subanalysis demonstrated eliquis was comparable to conventional therapy (subcutaneous enoxaparin overlapped and followed by oral warfarin dose-adjusted to an international normalized ratio of 2.0 to 3.0) in recurrent vte and vte-related death with significantly less major bleeding during the first 7, 21 and 90 days after starting treatment. results of the subanalyses were consistent with the overall results of the eliquis phase iii amplify trial.
•   in september 2015, the company and pfizer announced the first patient has been enrolled into the phase iv clinical trial, augustus which will evaluate the safety of eliquis versus warfarin or other vitamin k antagonists in patients with nvaf and a recent acute coronary syndrome or undergoing percutaneous coronary intervention, also known as a stent.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k (including documents incorporated by reference) and other written and oral statements we make from time to time contain certain "forward-looking" statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. you can identify these forward-looking statements by the fact they use words such as "should", "expect", "anticipate", "estimate", "target", "may", "project", "guidance", "intend", "plan", "believe" and other words and terms of similar meaning and expression in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. one can also identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them, and could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from current expectations. these statements are likely to relate to, among other things, our goals, plans and projections regarding our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, market position, product development, product approvals, sales efforts, expenses, performance or results of current and anticipated products and the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings and financial results, which are based on current expectations that involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including internal or external factors that could delay, divert or change any of them in the next several years. we have included important factors in the cautionary statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, particularly under "item 1a. risk factors," that we believe could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statement.
although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions, no assurance can be given that any goal or plan set forth in forward-looking statements can be achieved and readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such statements, which speak only as of the date made. we undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.