item 1a. risk factors.
our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to, and could be materially adversely affected by, various risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation, those set forth below, any one of which could cause our actual results to vary materially from recent results or our anticipated future results.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by economic conditions that result in reduced insurer capacity.
our results of operations depend on the continued capacity of insurance carriers to underwrite risk and provide coverage, which depends in turn on those insurance companies' ability to procure reinsurance. capacity could also be reduced by insurance companies failing or withdrawing from writing certain coverages that we offer our clients. we have no control over these matters. to the extent that reinsurance becomes less widely available, we may not be able to procure the amount or types of coverage that our customers desire and the coverage we are able to procure may be more expensive or limited.
our growth strategy partially depends on the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries, which may not be available on acceptable terms in the future and which, if consummated, may not be advantageous to us.
our growth strategy partially includes the acquisition of other insurance intermediaries. our ability to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, complete acquisitions, integrate acquired businesses into our operations, and expand into new markets requires us to implement and improve our operations and our financial and management information systems. integrated, acquired businesses may not achieve levels of revenues or profitability comparable to our existing operations, or otherwise perform as expected. in addition, we compete for acquisition and expansion opportunities with firms and banks that have substantially greater resources than we do. acquisitions also involve a number of special risks, such as: diversion of management's attention; difficulties in the integration of acquired operations and retention of personnel; increase in expenses and working capital requirements, which could reduce our return on invested capital; entry into unfamiliar markets; unanticipated problems or legal liabilities; estimation of the acquisition earn-out payables; and tax and accounting issues, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations, financial condition and cash flows. post-acquisition deterioration of targets could also result in lower or negative earnings contribution and/or goodwill impairment charges.
inflation may adversely affect our business operations in the future.
given the current macroeconomic environment, it is possible that u.s. government actions, in the form of a monetary stimulus, a fiscal stimulus, or both, to the u.s. economy, could lead to inflationary conditions that would adversely affect our cost base, resulting in an increase in our employee compensation and benefits and our other operating expenses. this could harm our margins and profitability if we are unable to increase revenues or cut costs enough to offset the effects of inflation on our cost base.
because our business is highly concentrated in california, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kansas, kentucky, massachusetts, michigan, new jersey, new york, north carolina, oregon, pennsylvania, texas, virginia and washington, adverse economic conditions, natural disasters, or regulatory changes in these states could adversely affect our financial condition.
a significant portion of our business is concentrated in california, florida, georgia, illinois, indiana, kansas, kentucky massachusetts, michigan, new jersey, new york, north carolina, oregon, pennsylvania, texas, virginia and washington. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we derived $1,468.7 million or 88.4%, $1,386.2 million or 88.0% and $1,182.2 million or 86.7%, of our revenues, respectively, from our operations located in these states. we believe the current regulatory environment for insurance intermediaries in these states is no more restrictive than in other states. the insurance business is primarily a state-regulated industry, and therefore, state legislatures may enact laws that adversely affect the insurance industry. because our business is concentrated in the states identified above, we face greater exposure to unfavorable changes in regulatory conditions in those states than insurance intermediaries whose operations are more diversified through a greater number of states. in addition, the occurrence of adverse economic conditions, natural or other disasters, or other circumstances specific to or otherwise significantly impacting these states could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we are susceptible to losses and interruptions caused by hurricanes (particularly in florida, where our headquarters and several offices are located), earthquakes (including california, where we maintain a number of offices), power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, fire, extreme weather conditions, geopolitical events such as terrorist acts and other natural or man-made disasters. our insurance coverage with respect to natural disasters is limited and is subject to deductibles and coverage limits. such coverage may not be adequate, or may not continue to be available at commercially reasonable rates and terms.
we derive a significant portion of our commission revenues from a limited number of insurance companies, the loss of which could result in additional expense and loss of market share.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, no insurance company accounted for more than 7.3% of our total core commissions. for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately 7.0% and 8.0% respectively, of our total core commissions was derived from insurance policies underwritten by one insurance company. should this insurance company seek to terminate its arrangements with us, we believe that other insurance companies are available to underwrite the business, and we could likely move our business to one of these other insurance companies, although some additional expense and loss of market share could possibly result.
our current market share may decrease as a result of increased competition from insurance companies, technology companies and the financial services industry.
the insurance intermediary business is highly competitive and we actively compete with numerous firms for customers and insurance companies, many of which have relationships with insurance companies or have a significant presence in niche insurance markets that may give them an advantage over us. other competitive concerns may include the quality of our products and services, our pricing and the ability of some of our customers to self-insure and the entrance of technology companies into the insurance intermediary business. a number of insurance companies are engaged in the direct sale of insurance, primarily to individuals, and do not pay commissions to agents and brokers. in addition, and to the extent that banks, securities firms and insurance companies affiliate, the financial services industry may experience further consolidation, and we therefore may experience increased competition from insurance companies and the financial services industry, as a growing number of larger financial institutions increasingly, and aggressively, offer a wider variety of financial services, including insurance intermediary services.
quarterly and annual variations in our commissions that result from the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production may have unexpected effects on our results of operations.
our commission income (including profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions) can vary quarterly or annually due to the timing of policy renewals and the net effect of new and lost business production. we do not control the factors that cause these variations. specifically, customers' demand for insurance products can influence the timing of renewals, new business and lost business (which includes policies that are not renewed), and cancellations. in addition, as discussed, we rely on insurance companies for the payment of certain commissions. because these payments are processed internally by these insurance companies, we may not receive a payment that is otherwise expected from a particular insurance company in a particular quarter or year until after the end of that period, which can adversely affect our ability to forecast these revenues and therefore budget for significant future expenditures. quarterly and annual fluctuations in revenues based on increases and decreases associated with the timing of policy renewals may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
profit-sharing contingent commissions are special revenue-sharing commissions paid by insurance companies based upon the profitability, volume and/or growth of the business placed with such companies during the prior year. these commissions generally have been in the range of 3.0% to 5.0% of our previous year's total annual revenues over the last three years. due to, among other things, potentially poor macroeconomic conditions, the inherent uncertainty of loss in our industry and changes in underwriting criteria due in part to the high loss ratios experienced by insurance companies, we cannot predict the payment of these profit-sharing contingent commissions. further, we have no control over the ability of insurance companies to estimate loss reserves, which affects our ability to make profit-sharing calculations. override commissions are paid by insurance companies based on the volume of business that we place with them and are generally paid over the course of the year. because profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions materially affect our revenues, any decrease in their payment to us could adversely affect the results of our operations, profitability and our financial condition.
consolidation in the industries that we serve could adversely affect our business.
companies that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other companies. if two or more of our current customers merge or consolidate and combine their operations, it may decrease the overall amount of work that we perform for these customers. if one of our current customers merges or consolidates with a company that relies on another provider for its services, we may lose work from that customer or lose the opportunity to gain additional work. the increased market power of larger companies could also increase pricing and competitive pressures on us. likewise, larger companies may establish internal risk management functions lessening the services they seek from us. any of these possible results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our business.
we could incur substantial losses from our cash and investment accounts if one of the financial institutions that we use fails or is taken over by the u.s. federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic").
we maintain cash and investment balances, including restricted cash held in premium trust accounts, at various depository institutions in amounts that are significantly in excess of the limits insured by the fdic. if one or more of the depository institutions with which we maintain significant cash balances were to fail, our ability to access these funds might be temporarily or permanently limited, and we could face material liquidity problems and potential material financial losses.
our business practices and compensation arrangements are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by governmental authorities and potential related private litigation.
the business practices and compensation arrangements of the insurance intermediary industry, including our practices and arrangements, are subject to uncertainty due to investigations by various governmental authorities. as disclosed in prior years, certain of our offices are parties to profit-sharing contingent commission agreements with certain insurance companies, including agreements providing for potential payment of revenue-sharing commissions by insurance companies based primarily on the overall profitability of the aggregate business written with those insurance companies and/or additional factors such as retention ratios and the overall volume of business that an office or offices place with those insurance companies. additionally, to a lesser extent, some of our offices are parties to override commission agreements with certain insurance companies, which provide for commission rates in excess of standard commission rates to be applied to specific lines of business, such as group health business, and which are based primarily on the overall volume of business that such office or offices placed with those insurance companies. the company has not chosen to discontinue receiving profit-sharing contingent commissions or override commissions. the legislatures of various states may adopt new laws addressing contingent commission arrangements, including laws prohibiting such arrangements, and addressing disclosure of such arrangements to insureds. various state departments of insurance may also adopt new regulations addressing these matters. while we cannot predict the outcome of the governmental inquiries and investigations into the insurance industry's commission payment practices or the responses by the market and government regulators, any unfavorable resolution of these matters could adversely affect our results of operations. further, if such resolution included a material decrease in our profit-sharing contingent commissions and override commissions, it would likely adversely affect our results of operations.
we conduct business in all states and are subject to comprehensive regulation and supervision by government agencies in the states in which we do business. the primary purpose of such regulation and supervision is to provide safeguards for policyholders rather than to protect the interests of our stockholders. as a result, such regulation and supervision could reduce our profitability or growth by increasing compliance costs, restricting the products or services we may sell, the markets we may enter, the methods by which we may sell our products and services, or the prices we may charge for our services and the form of compensation we may accept from our clients, carriers and third parties. the laws of the various state jurisdictions establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative powers with respect to, among other things, licensing of entities to transact business, licensing of agents, admittance of assets, regulating premium rates, approving policy forms, regulating unfair trade and claims practices, establishing reserve requirements and solvency standards, requiring participation in guarantee funds and shared market mechanisms, and restricting payment of dividends. also, in response to perceived excessive cost or inadequacy of available insurance, states have from time to time created state insurance funds and assigned risk pools, which compete directly, on a subsidized basis, with private insurance providers. we act as agents and brokers for such state insurance funds and assigned risk pools in california and new york as well as certain other states. these state funds and pools could choose to reduce the sales or brokerage commissions we receive. any such reductions, in a state in which we have substantial operations could affect the profitability of our operations in such state, or cause us to change our marketing focus. further, state insurance regulators and the national association of insurance commissioners continually re-examine existing laws and regulations, and such re-examination may result in the enactment of insurance-related laws and regulations, or the issuance of interpretations thereof, that adversely affect our business. although we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable local, state and federal laws, rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or interpretations thereof, will not be adopted in the future that could make compliance more difficult or expensive. specifically, recently adopted federal financial services modernization legislation could lead to additional federal regulation of the insurance industry in the coming years, which could result in increased expenses or restrictions on our operations.
legislation concerning tort reform has been considered, from time to time, in the united states congress and in several state legislatures. among the provisions considered in such legislation have been limitations on damage awards, including punitive damages, and various restrictions applicable to class action lawsuits. enactment of these or similar provisions by congress, or by states in which we sell insurance, could reduce the demand for liability insurance policies or lead to a decrease in policy limits of such policies sold, thereby reducing our commission revenues.
changes in laws and regulations may increase our costs.
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, as amended ("sarbanes-oxley") and the dodd-frank act enacted in 2010 have required changes in some of our corporate governance, securities disclosure and compliance practices. in response to the requirements of these acts, the sec and the new york stock exchange have promulgated and will likely continue to promulgate new rules on a variety of subjects. these developments have increased (and may increase in the future) our compliance costs, may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors or qualified executive officers.
from time to time new regulations are enacted, or existing requirements are changed, and it is difficult to anticipate how such regulations and changes will be implemented and enforced. we continue to evaluate the necessary steps for compliance with regulations as they are enacted. legislative developments that could adversely affect us include: changes in our business compensation model as a result of regulatory developments (for example, the 2010 affordable care act); and federal and state governments establishing programs to provide health insurance or, in certain cases, property insurance in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage, that compete with, or completely replace, insurance products offered by insurance carriers. also, as climate change issues become more prevalent, the u.s. and foreign governments are beginning to respond to these issues. this increasing governmental focus on climate change may result in new environmental regulations that may negatively affect us and our customers. this could cause us to incur additional direct costs in complying with any new environmental regulations, as well as increased indirect costs resulting from our customers incurring additional compliance costs that get passed on to us. these costs may adversely impact our operations and financial condition.
healthcare reform and increased costs of current employees' medical and other benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business.
our profitability is affected by the cost of current employees' medical and other benefits. in recent years, we have experienced significant increases in these costs as a result of economic factors beyond our control. although we have actively sought to contain increases in these costs, there can be no assurance we will succeed in limiting future cost increases, and continued upward pressure in these costs could reduce our profitability.
in addition, we believe that increased healthcare costs resulting from the 2010 affordable care act could have a material adverse impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to litigation which, if determined unfavorably to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we are and may be subject to a number of claims, regulatory actions and other proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. we cannot, and likely will not be able to, predict the outcome of these claims, actions and proceedings with certainty.
an adverse outcome in connection with one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition in any given quarterly or annual period. in addition, regardless of monetary costs, these matters could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and cause harm to our carrier, customer or employee relationships, or divert personnel and management resources.
while we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.
our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity may be materially adversely affected by errors and omissions and the outcome of certain actual and potential claims, lawsuits and proceedings.
we are subject to various actual and potential claims, lawsuits and other proceedings relating principally to alleged errors and omissions in connection with the placement or servicing of insurance and/or the provision of services in the ordinary course of business. because we often assist customers with matters involving substantial amounts of money, including the placement of insurance and the handling of related claims that customers may assert, errors and omissions claims against us may arise alleging potential liability for all or part of the amounts in question. also, the failure of an insurer with whom we place business could result in errors and omissions claims against us by our clients, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. claimants may seek large damage awards, and these claims may involve potentially significant legal costs, including punitive damages. such claims, lawsuits and other proceedings could, for example, include claims for damages based on allegations that our employees or sub-agents failed to procure coverage, report claims on behalf of customers, provide insurance companies with complete and accurate information relating to the risks being insured or appropriately apply funds that we hold for our customers on a fiduciary basis. in addition, given the long-tail nature of professional liability claims, errors and omissions matters can relate to matters dating back many years. where appropriate, we have established provisions against these potential matters that we believe to be adequate in the light of current information and legal advice, and we adjust such provisions from time to time according to developments.
while most of the errors and omissions claims made against us (subject to our self-insured deductibles) have been covered by our professional indemnity insurance, our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity may be adversely affected if, in the future, our insurance coverage proves to be inadequate or unavailable, or if there is an increase in liabilities for which we self-insure. our ability to obtain professional indemnity insurance in the amounts and with the deductibles we desire in the future may be adversely impacted by general developments in the market for such insurance or our own claims experience. in addition, claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may harm our reputation or divert management resources away from operating our business.
our business, and therefore our results of operations and financial condition, may be adversely affected by further changes in the u.s.-based credit markets.
although we are not currently experiencing any limitation of access to our revolving credit facility (which matures in 2019) and are not aware of any issues impacting the ability or willingness of our lenders under such facility to honor their commitments to extend us credit, the failure of a lender could adversely affect our ability to borrow on that facility, which over time could negatively impact our ability to consummate significant acquisitions or make other significant capital expenditures. tightening conditions in the credit markets in future years could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings or renewals or refinancing.
we also have a significant amount of trade accounts receivable from some insurance companies with which we place insurance. if those insurance companies were to experience liquidity problems or other financial difficulties, we could encounter delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
if we fail to comply with the covenants contained in certain of our agreements, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
the credit agreements that govern our debt contain various covenants and other limitations with which we must comply. at december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with the financial covenants and other limitations contained in each of these agreements. however, failure to comply with material provisions of our covenants in these agreements or other credit or similar agreements to which we may become a party could result in a default, rendering them unavailable to us and causing a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. in the event of certain defaults, the lenders thereunder would not be required to lend any additional amounts to or purchase any additional notes from us and could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable. if the indebtedness under these agreements or our other indebtedness, were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full.
certain of our agreements contain various covenants that limit the discretion of our management in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements may impact how we operate our business and prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities. in particular, among other covenants, our debt agreements require us to maintain a minimum ratio of consolidated ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), adjusted for certain transaction-related items ("consolidated ebitda"), to consolidated interest expense and a maximum ratio of consolidated net indebtedness to consolidated ebitda. our compliance with these covenants could limit management's discretion in operating our business and could prevent us from engaging in certain potentially beneficial activities.
our credit ratings are subject to change.
our credit ratings are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of our securities. agency ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing agency. each agency's rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency's rating.
we have operations internationally, which may result in a number of additional risks and require more management time and expense than our domestic operations to achieve or maintain profitability.
we have operations in the united kingdom, bermuda and the cayman islands. in the future, we intend to continue to consider additional international expansion opportunities. our international operations may be subject to a number of risks, including:
•   political and economic instability (including acts of terrorism and outbreaks of war);
•   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and laws;
•   adverse trade policies, and adverse changes to any of the policies of either the u.s. or any of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate;
•   adverse changes in tax rates;
•   variations in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   legal or political constraints on our ability to maintain or increase prices;
•   governmental restrictions on the transfer of funds to us from our operations outside the united states; and
•   burdens of complying with a wide variety of labor practices and foreign laws, including those relating to export and import duties, environmental policies and privacy issues.
our inability to retain or hire qualified employees, as well as the loss of any of our executive officers, could negatively impact our ability to retain existing business and generate new business.
our success depends on our ability to attract and retain skilled and experienced personnel. there is significant competition from within the insurance industry and from businesses outside the industry for exceptional employees, especially in key positions. if we are not able to successfully attract, retain and motivate our employees, our business, financial results and reputation could be materially and adversely affected.
losing employees who manage or support substantial customer relationships or possess substantial experience or expertise could adversely affect our ability to secure and complete customer engagements, which would adversely affect our results of operations. also, if any of our key professionals were to join an existing competitor or form a competing company, some of our customers could choose to use the services of that competitor instead of our services. while our key personnel are prohibited by contract from soliciting our employees and customers for a period of years following separation from employment with us, they are not prohibited from competing with us.
in addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our senior leaders and key executives. while we have succession plans in place and we have employment arrangements with certain key executives, these do not guarantee that the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. although we operate with a decentralized management system, the loss of our senior managers or other key personnel, or our inability to continue to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
we are exposed to intangible asset risk; specifically, our goodwill may become impaired in the future.
as of the date of the filing of our annual report on form 10-k for the 2015 fiscal year, we have $2,586.7 million of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. we perform a goodwill impairment test on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable from estimated future cash flows. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2015 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. a significant and sustained decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates could result in the need to perform an additional impairment analysis prior to the next annual goodwill impairment test. if we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would then record the appropriate charge, which could result in material charges that are adverse to our operating results and financial position. see note 1-"summary of significant accounting policies" and note 3-"goodwill" to the consolidated financial statements and "management's report on internal control over financial reporting."
additionally, the carrying value of amortizable intangible assets attributable to each business or asset group comprising brown & brown is periodically reviewed by management to determine if there are events or changes in circumstances that would indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. accordingly, if there are any such circumstances that occur during the year, we assess the carrying value of our amortizable intangible assets by considering the estimated future undiscounted cash flows generated by the corresponding business or asset
group. any impairment identified through this assessment may require that the carrying value of related amortizable intangible assets be adjusted; however, no impairments have been recorded for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
current u.s. economic conditions and the shift away from traditional insurance markets may continue to adversely affect our business.
if economic conditions were to worsen, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including declines in values of insurable exposure units, declines in insurance premium rates, and the financial insolvency of insurance companies, or reduced ability to pay, of certain of our customers. also, if general economic conditions are poor, some of our clients may cease operations completely or be acquired by other companies, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. if these clients are affected by poor economic conditions but yet remain in existence, they may face liquidity problems or other financial difficulties which could result in delays or defaults in payments owed to us, which could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. any of these effects could decrease our net revenues and profitability.
in addition, there has been an increase in alternative insurance markets, such as self-insurance, captives, risk retention groups and non-insurance capital markets. while we compete in these segments on a fee-for-service basis, we cannot be certain that such alternative markets will provide the same level of insurance coverage or profitability as traditional insurance markets.
there are inherent uncertainties involved in estimates, judgments and assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap. any changes in estimates, judgments and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
the annual consolidated financial statements and condensed consolidated financial statements included in the periodic reports we file with the sec are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap involves making estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets (including intangible assets), liabilities and related reserves, revenues, expenses and income. estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently subject to change in the future, and any such changes could result in corresponding changes to the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and income, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
rapid technological change in our industry may require additional resources and time to adequately respond to dynamics, which may adversely affect our business and operating results.
frequent technological changes, new products and services and evolving industry standards are influencing the insurance business. the internet, for example, is increasingly used to securely transmit benefits and related information to customers and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions. we believe that the development and implementation of new technologies may require us to make additional investments in the future. we have not determined, however, the amount of resources and the time that this development and implementation may require, which may result in short-term, unexpected interruptions or impacts to our business, or may result in a competitive disadvantage in price and/or efficiency, as we develop or implement new technologies.
our ability to conduct business would be negatively impacted in the event of an interruption in information technology and/or data security and/or outsourcing relationships.
our business relies on information systems to provide effective and efficient service to our customers, process claims, and timely and accurately report information to carriers. an interruption of our access to, or an inability to access, our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. if sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process new and renewal business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions.
computer viruses, hackers and other external hazards could expose our data systems to security breaches. these increased risks, and expanding regulatory requirements regarding data security, could expose us to data loss, monetary and reputational damages and significant increases in compliance costs. while we have taken, and continue to take, actions to protect the security and privacy of our information, entirely eliminating all risk of improper access to private information is not possible.
we are continuously taking steps to upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities. maintaining, protecting and enhancing these capabilities to keep pace with evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain effectively our information systems and data integrity, we could experience operational disruptions, regulatory or other legal problems, increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or suffer other adverse consequences.
our technological development projects may not deliver the benefits we expect once they are completed, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in the accelerated recognition of expenses. if we do not effectively and efficiently manage and upgrade our technology portfolio, or if the costs of doing so are higher than we expect, our ability to provide competitive services to new and existing customers in a cost-effective manner and our ability to implement our strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted.
improper disclosure of confidential information could negatively impact our business.
we are responsible for maintaining the security and privacy of our customers' confidential and proprietary information and the personal data of their employees. we have put in place policies, procedures and technological safeguards designed to protect the security and privacy of this information, however, we cannot guarantee that this information will not be improperly disclosed or accessed. disclosure of this information could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under our contracts and laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues.
further, privacy laws and regulations are continuously changing and often are inconsistent among the states in which we operate. our failure to adhere to or successfully implement procedures to respond to these requirements could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation.
certain of our existing stockholders have significant control of the company.
at december 31, 2015, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members collectively beneficially owned approximately 17.3% of our outstanding common stock, of which j. hyatt brown, our chairman, and his son, j. powell brown, our president and chief executive officer, beneficially owned approximately 16.2%. as a result, our executive officers, directors and certain of their family members have significant influence over (1) the election of our board of directors, (2) the approval or disapproval of any other matters requiring stockholder approval, and (3) our affairs and policies.
due to inherent limitations, there can be no assurance that our system of disclosure and internal controls and procedures will be successful in preventing all errors or fraud, or in informing management of all material information in a timely manner.
our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls and procedures will prevent all error and all fraud. a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system reflects that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. these inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur simply because of error or mistake. additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of a control.
the design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected.
if we receive other than an unqualified opinion on the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting in future year-ends as required by section 404 of sarbanes-oxley, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could result in a decrease in the value of our shares.
as directed by section 404 of sarbanes-oxley, the sec adopted rules requiring public companies to include an annual report on internal control over financial reporting on form 10-k that contains an assessment by management of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. we continuously conduct a rigorous review of our internal controls over financial reporting in order to assure compliance with the section 404 requirements. however, if our independent auditors interpret the section 404 requirements and the related rules and regulations differently than we do, or if our independent auditors are not satisfied with our internal control over financial reporting or with the level at which it is documented, operated or reviewed, they may issue a report other than an unqualified opinion. a report other than an unqualified opinion could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements.
we may experience volatility in our stock price that could affect your investment.
the market price of our common stock may be subject to significant fluctuations in response to various factors, including: quarterly fluctuations in our operating results; changes in securities analysts' estimates of our future earnings; changes in securities analysts' predictions regarding the short-term and long-term future of our industry; and our loss of significant customers or significant business developments
relating to us or our competitors. our common stock's market price also may be affected by our ability to meet stock analysts' earnings and other expectations. any failure to meet such expectations, even if minor, could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. in addition, stock markets have generally experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market prices of equity securities of many listed companies have experienced wide price fluctuations not necessarily related to the operating performance of such companies. these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect our common stock's market price. in the past, securities class action lawsuits frequently have been instituted against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of such companies' securities. if any such litigation is initiated against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
general the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes to those financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. in addition, please see "information regarding non-gaap measures" below, regarding important information on non-gaap financial measures contained in our discussion and analysis.
we are a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and services organization headquartered in daytona beach, florida. as an insurance intermediary, our principal sources of revenue are commissions paid by insurance companies and, to a lesser extent, fees paid directly by customers. commission revenues generally represent a percentage of the premium paid by an insured and are affected by fluctuations in both premium rate levels charged by insurance companies and the insureds' underlying "insurable exposure units," which are units that insurance companies use to measure or express insurance exposed to risk (such as property values, or sales and payroll levels) to determine what premium to charge the insured. insurance companies establish these premium rates based upon many factors, including loss experience, risk profile, and reinsurance rates paid by such insurance companies, none of which we control.
we have increased revenues every year from 1993 to 2015, with the exception of 2009, when our revenues dropped 1.0%. our revenues grew from $95.6 million in 1993 to $1.7 billion in 2015, reflecting a compound annual growth rate of 13.9%. in the same 22-year period, we increased net income from $8.1 million to $243.3 million in 2015, a compound annual growth rate of 16.7%.
the volume of business from new and existing customers, fluctuations in insurable exposure units, changes in premium rate levels, and changes in general economic and competitive conditions all affect our revenues. for example, level rates of inflation or a general decline in economic activity could limit increases in the values of insurable exposure units. conversely, the increasing costs of litigation settlements and awards have caused some customers to seek higher levels of insurance coverage. historically, our revenues have typically grown as a result of our focus on net new business growth and acquisitions. we foster a strong, decentralized sales and service culture with the goal of consistent, sustained growth over the long-term.
the term "core commissions and fees" excludes profit-sharing contingent commissions and guaranteed supplemental commissions, and therefore represents the revenues earned directly from specific insurance policies sold, and specific fee-based services rendered. the term "core organic commissions and fees" is our core commissions and fees less (i) the core commissions and fees earned for the first twelve months by newly-acquired operations and (ii) divested business (core commissions and fees generated from offices, books of business or niches sold or terminated during the comparable period). "core organic commissions and fees", a non-gaap measure, are reported in this manner in order to express the current year's core commissions and fees on a comparable basis with the prior year's core commissions and fees. the resulting net change reflects the aggregate changes attributable to (i) net new and lost accounts, (ii) net changes in our clients' exposure units, and (iii) net changes in insurance premium rates or the commission rate paid to us by our carrier partners.
we also earn "profit-sharing contingent commissions," which are profit-sharing commissions based primarily on underwriting results, but which may also reflect considerations for volume, growth and/or retention. these commissions are primarily received in the first and second quarters of each year, based on the aforementioned considerations for the prior year(s). over the last three years, profit-sharing contingent commissions have averaged approximately 4.0% of the previous year's total commissions and fees revenue. profit-sharing contingent commissions are included in our total commissions and fees in the consolidated statement of income in the year received.
certain insurance companies offer guaranteed fixed-base agreements, referred to as "guaranteed supplemental commissions" ("gscs") in lieu of profit-sharing contingent commissions. since gscs are not subject to the uncertainty of loss ratios, they are accrued throughout the year based on actual premiums written. for the twelve-month period ending december 31, 2015, we had earned $10.0 million of gscs, of which $7.6 million remained accrued at december 31, 2015 as most of this will be collected in the first quarter of 2016. for the twelve-month periods ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, we earned $10.0 million, $9.9 million and $8.3 million, respectively, from gscs.
fee revenues relate to fees negotiated in lieu of commissions, which are recognized as services are rendered. fee revenues have historically been generated primarily by: (1) our services segment, which provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas, as well as medicare set-aside services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services, (2) our national programs and wholesale brokerage segments, which earn fees primarily for the issuance of insurance policies on behalf of insurance companies, and to a lesser extent (3) our retail segment in our large-account customer base. these services are provided over a period of time, typically one year. fee revenues, on a consolidated basis, as a percentage of our total commissions and fees, represented 30.6% in 2015, 30.6% in 2014 and 26.6% in 2013.
additionally, our profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased by $5.8 million over 2014 primarily as a result of increased loss ratios in our national programs and wholesale brokerage segment. other income decreased by $5.0 million primarily as a result of a reduction in the gains on the sale of books of business when compared to 2014 and the change in where this activity is presented in the financial statements as described in the results of operations section below.
for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, our consolidated internal revenue growth rate was 2.6% and 2.0% respectively. additionally, each of our four segments recorded positive internal revenue growth for the year ended december 31, 2015. in the event that the gradual increases in insurable exposure units that occurred in the past few years continues through 2016 and premium rate changes are similar with 2015, we believe we will continue to see positive quarterly internal revenue growth rates in 2016.
historically, investment income has consisted primarily of interest earnings on premiums and advance premiums collected and held in a fiduciary capacity before being remitted to insurance companies. our policy is to invest available funds in high-quality, short-term fixed income investment securities. investment income also includes gains and losses realized from the sale of investments. other income primarily reflects legal settlements and other miscellaneous income.
income before income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased over 2014 by $62.8 million, primarily as a result of acquisitions completed in the past twelve months and net new business, partially offset by the incremental interest expense associated with our inaugural public debt offering completed in 2014 along with incremental investments in revenue producing teammates.
information regarding non-gaap measures in the discussion and analysis of our results of operations, in addition to reporting financial results in accordance with gaap, we provide information regarding core commissions and fees, core organic commissions and fees, and our internal growth rate, which is the growth rate of our core organic commissions and fees, and adjusted calculations of core commissions and fees, core organic commissions and fees and our internal growth rate after adjusting for the significant revenue recorded at our colonial claims operation in the first half of 2013 attributable to superstorm sandy. these measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to (including any adjusted internal growth rate) the gaap information provided in this annual report on form 10-k. tabular reconciliations of this supplemental non-gaap financial information to our most comparable gaap information are contained in this annual report on form 10-k. we present such non-gaap supplemental financial information, as we believe such information provides additional meaningful methods of evaluating certain aspects of our operating performance from period to period on a basis that may not be otherwise apparent on a gaap basis. this supplemental financial information should be considered in addition to, not in lieu of, our consolidated financial statements.
acquisitions part of our continuing business strategy is to attract high-quality insurance intermediaries to join our operations. from 1993 through the fourth quarter of 2015, we acquired 472 insurance intermediary operations, excluding acquired books of business (customer accounts).
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we continually evaluate our estimates, which are based on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of our assets and liabilities, of which values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates.
we believe that of our significant accounting and reporting policies, the more critical policies include our accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations and purchase price allocations, intangible asset impairments and reserves for litigation. in particular, the accounting for these areas requires significant use of judgment to be made by management. different assumptions in the application of these policies could result in material changes in our consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations. refer to note 1 in the "notes to consolidated financial statements".
revenue recognition commission revenues are recognized as of the effective date of the insurance policy or the date on which the policy premium is processed into our systems, whichever is later. commission revenues related to installment billings are recognized on the later of the date effective or invoiced, with the exception of our arrowhead business which follows a policy of recognizing on the later of the date effective or processed into our systems regardless of the billing arrangement. management determines the policy cancellation reserve based upon historical cancellation experience adjusted in accordance with known circumstances. subsequent commission adjustments are recognized upon our receipt of notification from insurance companies concerning matters necessitating such adjustments. profit-sharing contingent commissions are recognized when determinable, which is generally when such commissions are received from insurance companies, or periodically when we receive formal notification of the amount of such payments. fee revenues, and commissions for employee benefits coverages and workers' compensation programs, are recognized as services are rendered.
business combinations and purchase price allocations we have acquired significant intangible assets through business acquisitions. these assets consist of purchased customer accounts, non-compete agreements, and the excess of purchase prices over the fair value of identifiable net assets acquired (goodwill). the determination of estimated useful lives and the allocation of purchase price to intangible assets requires significant judgment and affects the amount of future amortization and possible impairment charges.
all of our business combinations initiated after june 30, 2001 have been accounted for using the purchase method. in connection with these acquisitions, we record the estimated value of the net tangible assets purchased and the value of the identifiable intangible assets purchased, which typically consist of purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements. purchased customer accounts include the physical records and files obtained from acquired businesses that contain information about insurance policies, customers and other matters essential to policy renewals. however, they primarily represent the present value of the underlying cash flows expected to be received over the estimated future renewal periods of the insurance policies comprising those purchased customer accounts. the valuation of purchased customer accounts involves significant estimates and assumptions concerning matters such as cancellation frequency, expenses and discount rates. any change in these assumptions could affect the carrying value of purchased customer accounts. non-compete agreements are valued based on their duration and any unique features of the particular agreements. purchased customer accounts and non-compete agreements are amortized on a straight-line basis over the related estimated lives and contract periods, which range from 5 to 15 years. the excess of the purchase price of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets is assigned to goodwill and is not amortized.
acquisition purchase prices are typically based on a multiple of average annual operating profit earned over a one-to three-year period within a minimum and maximum price range. the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions consummated after january 1, 2009 include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions. subsequent changes in the fair value of earn-out obligations are recorded in the consolidated statement of income when incurred.
the fair value of earn-out obligations is based on the present value of the expected future payments to be made to the sellers of the acquired businesses in accordance with the provisions contained in the respective purchase agreements. in determining fair value, the acquired business's future performance is estimated using financial projections developed by management for the acquired business and this estimate reflects market participant assumptions regarding revenue growth and/or profitability. the expected future payments are estimated on the basis of the earn-out formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement compared to the associated financial projections. these estimates are then discounted to a present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration the likelihood that the forecasted earn-out payments will be made.
intangible assets impairment goodwill is subject to at least an annual assessment for impairment measured by a fair-value-based test. amortizable intangible assets are amortized over their useful lives and are subject to an impairment review based on an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the assets. to determine if there is potential impairment of goodwill, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss would be recorded to the extent that the fair value of the goodwill within the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. fair value is estimated based on multiples of earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization and change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables ("ebitdac"), or on a discounted cash flow basis.
management assesses the recoverability of our goodwill and our amortizable intangibles and other long-lived assets annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. any of the following factors, if present, may trigger an impairment review: (i) a significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results; (ii) a significant negative industry or economic trends; and (iii) a significant decline in our market capitalization. if the recoverability of these assets is unlikely because of the existence of one or more of the above-referenced factors, an impairment analysis is performed. management must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine the fair value of these assets. if these estimates or related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to revise the assessment and, if appropriate, record an impairment charge. we completed our most recent evaluation of impairment for goodwill as of november 30, 2015 and determined that the fair value of goodwill exceeded the carrying value of such assets. additionally, there have been no impairments recorded for amortizable intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
non-cash stock-based compensation we grant stock options and non-vested stock awards to our employees, and the related compensation expense is required to be recognized in the financial statements over the associated service period based upon the grant-date fair value of those awards.
during the first quarter of 2016, the performance conditions for approximately 1.4 million shares of the company's common stock granted under the company's stock incentive plan are expected to be determined by the compensation committee to have been satisfied relative to performance-based grants issued in 2011. these grants had a performance measurement period that concluded on december 31, 2015.  the vesting condition for these grants requires continuous employment for a period of up to ten years from the january 2011 grant date in order for the awarded shares to become fully vested and nonforfeitable.  the shares are expected to be awarded during the first quarter of 2016, pursuant to review and certification of the performance measurements against the stated grant targets by the compensation committee in accordance with the stock incentive plan. as a result of the awarding of these shares, the grantees will be eligible to receive payments of dividends and exercise voting privileges after the awarding date, and the awarded shares will be included as issued and outstanding common stock shares and included in the calculation of basic and diluted eps.
litigation claims we are subject to numerous litigation claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. if it is probable that a liability has been incurred at the date of the financial statements and the amount of the loss is estimable, an accrual for the costs to resolve these claims is recorded in accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. professional fees related to these claims are included in other operating expenses in the accompanying consolidated statement of income as incurred. management, with the assistance of in-house and outside counsel, determines whether it is probable that a liability has been incurred and estimates the amount of loss based upon analysis of individual issues. new developments or changes in settlement strategy in dealing with these matters may significantly affect the required reserves and affect our net income.
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
the following discussion and analysis regarding results of operations and liquidity and capital resources should be considered in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes.
financial information relating to our consolidated financial results is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                          2015             %change                    2014            %change                    2013
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                 51,707             (10.4    )%              57,706             12.6     %              51,251
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                   841,439               6.3     %             791,749             15.9     %             683,000
other operating expenses                                             251,055               6.7     %             235,328             20.3     %             195,677
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                      3,003             (69.8    )%               9,938              nmf                     2,533
net internal growth rate - core organic commissions and fees             2.6   %                                     2.0   %                                    6.7   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                                50.7   %                                    50.2   %                                   50.1   %
other operating expenses ratio                                          15.1   %                                    14.9   %                                   14.4   %
capital expenditures                                                 $18,375                                     $24,923                                    $16,366
nmf = not a meaningful figure commissions and fees commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2015, increased $89.5 million to $1,657.0 million, or 5.7% over 2014. core commissions and fees revenue for 2015 increased $95.3 million, of which approximately $76.6 million represented core commissions and fees from agencies acquired since 2014 that had no comparable revenues. after accounting for divested business of $19.3 million, the remaining net increase of $38.0 million represented net new business, which reflects a growth rate of 2.6% for core organic commissions and fees. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2015 decreased by $5.8 million, or 8.6%, compared to the same period in 2014. the net decrease of $5.8 million was mainly driven by a decrease in profit-sharing contingent commissions in the national programs segment as a result of increased loss ratios.
commissions and fees, including profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2014, increased $212.0 million to $1,567.5 million, or 15.6% over the same period in 2013. core commissions and fees revenue in 2014 increased $203.9 million, of which approximately $186.8 million represented core commissions and fees from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2013. after accounting for divested business of $8.5 million, the remaining net increase of $25.6 million represented net new business, which reflects an internal growth rate of 2.0% for core organic commissions and fees. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2014 increased by $8.0 million, or
13.5%, compared to the same period in 2013. the net increase was due primarily to $4.9 million, $1.3 million, and $1.8 million increases in profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in our retail, national programs and wholesale brokerage segments, respectively.
investment income investment income increased to $1.0 million in 2015, compared with $0.7 million in 2014 due to additional interest income driven by cash management activities to earn a higher yield. investment income increased to $0.7 million in 2014, compared with $0.6 million in 2013 mainly due to higher average daily invested balances in 2014 than in 2013.
other income, net other income for 2015 reflected income of $2.6 million, compared with $7.6 million in 2014 and $7.1 million in 2013. other income in 2015 consisted primarily of legal settlements and also gains and loss on the sale and disposition of fixed assets. in 2014 and 2013, other income included legal settlements and gains and loss on the sale and disposition of fixed assets as well as gains and losses from the sale on books of business (customer accounts). prior to the adoption of asu no. 2014-08, "reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity" ("asu 2014-08") in the fourth quarter of 2014, net gains and losses on the sale of businesses or customer accounts were reflected in other income. any such gains or losses are now reflected on a net basis in the expense section since the adoption of asu 2014-08. the $5.0 million change in 2015 other income from the comparable period in 2014 was primarily due to prior year book of business sales and to a lesser extent, the change to the presentation of this activity in the financial statements. we recognized gains of $0.6 million, $5.3 million and $3.1 million from sales on books of business (customer accounts) in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
employee compensation and benefits employee compensation and benefits expense increased 6.3%, or $49.7 million, in 2015 over 2014. this increase included $25.8 million of compensation costs related to stand-alone acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2014. therefore, employee compensation and benefits expense attributable to those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2015 and 2014 increased by $23.9 million or 3.2%. this underlying employee compensation and benefits expense increase was primarily related to (i) an increase in producer and staff salaries as we made targeted investments in our business; (ii) increased profit center bonuses and commissions due to increased revenue and operating profit; and (iii) the increased cost of health insurance. employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of total revenues was 50.7% for 2015 as compared to 50.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
employee compensation and benefits expense increased, approximately 15.9% or $108.7 million in 2014 over 2013. however, that net increase included $81.0 million of compensation costs related to new acquisitions that were stand-alone offices. therefore, employee compensation and benefits from those offices that existed in the same time periods of 2014 and 2013 increased by $27.7 million. the employee compensation and benefit increases from these offices were primarily related to increases in staff and management salaries of $13.8 million, new salaried producers of $4.8 million, profit center and other related bonuses of $6.7 million, compensation to our commissioned producers of $0.9 million and health insurance costs of $4.8 million. these increases were partially offset by net reductions in temporary employees, employer 401(k) plan matching contributions and accrued vacation expense. employee compensation and benefits expense as a percentage of total revenues was 50.2% as compared to 50.1% for the year ended december 31, 2013. this slight increase was driven by continued investment in new teammates.
non-cash stock-based compensation the company has an employee stock purchase plan, grants non-vested stock awards, and to a lesser extent grants stock options under other equity-based plans to its employees. compensation expense for all share-based awards is recognized in the financial statements based upon the grant-date fair value of those awards. for 2015, 2014 and 2013, the non-cash stock-based compensation expense incorporated the costs related to each of the company's four stock-based plans as explained in note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
non-cash stock-based compensation expense decreased $3.9 million, or 19.9% in 2015 over 2014. the decrease was the result of: (i) older grants attaining the vesting requirements and therefore being fully expensed in prior periods; (ii) some forfeitures driven by certain grants not achieving all vesting requirements; and (iii) underlying participation levels; all of which were partially offset by the additional expense attributable to the new grants issued in 2015.
non-cash stock-based compensation expense decreased $3.2 million, or 14.3% in 2014 over 2013, primarily as a result of forfeitures due to the non-achievement of certain performance criteria, partially offset by an increase associated with new, non-vested stock awards granted on july 1, 2013 under our stock incentive plan ("sip").
other operating expenses as a percentage of total revenues, other operating expenses represented 15.1% in 2015, 14.9% in 2014, and 14.4% in 2013. other operating expenses in 2015 increased $15.7 million, or 6.7%, over 2014, of which $12.6 million was related to acquisitions that had no comparable costs in the same period of 2014. the other operating expenses for those offices that existed in the same periods in both 2015 and 2014, increased by $3.1 million or 1.3%, which was primarily attributable to increased sales meetings, legal and consulting expenses, partially offset by decreases in expenses associated with office rent, telecommunications and bank fees.
other operating expenses in 2014 increased $39.7 million, or 20.3%, over 2013, of which $39.0 million was related to acquisitions. therefore, other operating expenses attributable to offices that existed in the same periods in both 2014 and 2013 (including the new acquisitions that "folded in" to those offices) increased by $0.7 million. the $0.7 million net increase includes increases of $2.0 million related to increased data processing and software licensing expense, $1.2 million related to increased inspection and consulting fees, $0.8 million related to office rent, and $0.9 million related to increased employee sales meeting costs, offset by decreases of $3.0 million for legal claims and litigation expenses, $1.0 million for insurance expenses, and $0.2 million in other various expense decreases.
gain or loss on disposal the company recognized a gain on disposal of $0.6 million in 2015 and a loss on disposal of $47.4 million in 2014. the pretax loss for 2014 is the result of the disposal of the axiom re business as part of the company's strategy to exit the reinsurance brokerage business. prior to the adoption of asu 2014-08 in the fourth quarter of 2014 as noted above, net gains and losses on the sale of businesses or customer accounts were reflected in other income. although we are not in the business of selling customer accounts, we periodically sell an office or a book of business (one or more customer accounts) that we believe does not produce reasonable margins or demonstrate a potential for growth, or because doing so is in the company's best interest. we recognized gains of $0.6 million, $5.3 million and $3.1 million from sales on books of business (customer accounts) in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
amortization amortization expense increased $4.5 million, or 5.5%, in 2015, and increased $15.0 million, or 22.1%, in 2014. the increases were due primarily to the amortization of additional intangible assets as the result of acquisitions completed in those years.
depreciation depreciation expense remained flat in 2015, and increased $3.4 million, or 19.5%, in 2014. the increase in 2014 was due primarily to the addition of fixed assets resulting from acquisitions completed since 2013, while the stable level of expense in 2015 versus 2014 reflected capital additions approximately equal to the value of prior additions that became fully depreciated.
interest expense interest expense increased $10.8 million, or 38.2%, in 2015, and $12.0 million, or 72.8% in 2014. these increases were primarily due to the increased debt borrowings and an increase in our effective rate of interest for the years ended 2015 and 2014. the increased debt borrowings from the prior year include: the credit facility term loan entered into in may 2014 in the initial amount of $550.0 million at libor plus 137.5 basis points, and the $500.0 million senior notes due 2024 issued during september 2014 at a fixed rate of interest of 4.2%. the credit facility term loan proceeds replaced pre-existing debt of $230.0 million with similar rates of interest. the proceeds from the senior notes due 2024 were used to settle the credit facility revolver debt of $375.0 million, which had a lower, but variable rate of interest based on an adjusted libor. this transitioned the debt to a favorable long-term fixed rate of interest and extended the date of maturity of those funds. these changes were the result of an evolution and maturation of our previous debt structure and provide increased debt capacity and flexibility.
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805-business combinations is the authoritative guidance requiring an acquirer to recognize 100% of the fair value of acquired assets, including goodwill, and assumed liabilities (with only limited exceptions) upon initially obtaining control of an acquired entity. additionally, the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements (such as earn-out purchase price arrangements) at the acquisition date must be included in the purchase price consideration. as a result, the recorded purchase prices for all acquisitions consummated after january 1, 2009 include an estimation of the fair value of liabilities associated with any potential earn-out provisions. subsequent changes in these earn-out obligations are required to be recorded in the consolidated statement of income when incurred or reasonably estimated. estimations of potential earn-out obligations are typically based upon future earnings of the acquired operations or entities, usually for periods ranging from one to three years.
the net charge or credit to the consolidated statement of income for the period is the combination of the net change in the estimated acquisition earn-out payables balance, and the interest expense imputed on the outstanding balance of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables.
as of december 31, 2015, the fair values of the estimated acquisition earn-out payables were re-evaluated and measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (level 3) as defined in asc 820-fair value measurement. the resulting net changes, as well as the interest expense accretion on the estimated acquisition earn-out payables, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 were as follows:
change in fair value of estimated acquisition earn-out payables          $2,990              $7,375                $570
net change in earnings from estimated acquisition earn-out payables      $3,003              $9,938              $2,533
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the fair value of estimated earn-out payables was re-evaluated and increased by $3.0 million, $7.4 million and $0.6 million, respectively, which resulted in charges to the consolidated statement of income.
as of december 31, 2015, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $78.4 million, of which $25.3 million was recorded as accounts payable and $53.1 million was recorded as other non-current liability. as of december 31, 2014, the estimated acquisition earn-out payables equaled $75.3 million, of which $26.0 million was recorded as accounts payable and $49.3 million was recorded as other non-current liability.
income taxes the effective tax rate on income from operations was 39.6% in 2015, 39.1% in 2014, and 39.3% in 2013. the increased effective tax rate was largely the result of more income in states with a higher average effective state income tax rate, which was primarily new york state.
results of operations - segment information as discussed in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, we operate four reportable segments: retail, national programs, wholesale brokerage, and services. on a segmented basis, increases in amortization, depreciation and interest expenses generally result from completed acquisitions within a given segment in a particular year. likewise, other income in each segment reflects net gains primarily from legal settlements and miscellaneous income. as such, in evaluating the operational efficiency of a segment, management emphasizes the net internal growth rate of core commissions and fees revenue, the ratio of total employee compensation and benefits to total revenues, and the ratio of other operating expenses to total revenues.
the internal growth rates for our core organic commissions and fees for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 by segment, are as follows:
2015                                                    for the year ended december 31,         total netchange          total netgrowth %       lessacquisitionrevenues        internalnetgrowth $         internalnetgrowth %
services                                   145,375                       136,135                  9,240                     6.8          %                   -                       9,240                      6.8           %
the reconciliation of the above internal growth schedule to the total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statement of income for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014, is as follows:
profit-sharing contingent commissions          51,707                        57,706
divested business                                   -                        19,336
2014                                                                       for the year ended december 31,         total netchange          total netgrowth %          lessacquisitionrevenues        internalnetgrowth $          internalnetgrowth %
services                                                      136,482                       131,502                  4,980                     3.8          %                 15,599                     (10,619        )             (8.1          )%
there would be a 3.5% internal net growth rate when excluding the $18.3 million of revenues recorded at our colonial claims operation in the first half of 2013 related to superstorm sandy.
the reconciliation of the above internal growth schedule to the total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statement of income for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, is as follows:
profit-sharing contingent commissions          57,706                        51,251
divested business                                   -                         8,457
2013                                                    for the year ended december 31,         total netchange          total netgrowth %           lessacquisitionrevenues        internalnetgrowth $          internalnetgrowth %
services                                   131,032                       116,247                 14,785                    12.7          %   657                                        14,128                      12.2           %
the reconciliation of the above internal growth schedule to the total commissions and fees included in the consolidated statement of income for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, is as follows:
profit-sharing contingent commissions          51,251                        43,683
divested business                                   -                         7,437
(1)   the retail segment includes commissions and fees reported in the "other" column of the segment information in note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which includes corporate and consolidation items.
retail segment the retail segment provides a broad range of insurance products and services to commercial, public and quasi-public, professional and individual insured customers. approximately 87.0% of the retail segment's commissions and fees revenue is commission-based. because most of our other operating expenses are not correlated to changes in commissions on insurance premiums, a significant portion of any fluctuation in the commissions we receive, net of related producer compensation, will result in a similar fluctuation in our income before income taxes, unless we make incremental investments in the organization.
financial information relating to our retail segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                          2015            % change                    2014            % change                    2013
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                 22,051              2.0      %              21,616             23.2      %              17,544
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                   445,242              7.1      %             415,876             13.0      %             368,164
other operating expenses                                             137,519              2.9      %             133,682             11.9      %             119,489
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                      2,006            (73.1     )%               7,458              nmf                     (1,427   )
net internal growth rate - core organic commissions and fees             1.4   %                                     2.0   %                                     1.3   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                                51.2   %                                    50.5   %                                    49.9   %
other operating expenses ratio                                          15.8   %                                    16.2   %                                    16.2   %
capital expenditures                                                  $6,797                                      $6,873                                      $6,886
nmf = not a meaningful figure the retail segment's total revenues in 2015 increased 5.7%, or $46.7 million, over the same period in 2014, to $870.3 million. the $43.6 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by the following: (i) approximately $35.6 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2014; (ii) $11.0 million related to net new business; and (iii) an offsetting decrease of $3.0 million related to commissions and fees revenue from business divested in 2014 and 2015. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2015 increased 3.4%, or $1.0 million, over 2014, to $30.3 million. the retail segment's internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 1.4% for 2015 and was driven by revenue from net new business written during the preceding twelve months along with modest increases in commercial auto rates, and partially offset by: (i) terminated association health plans in the state of washington; (ii) continued pressure on the small employee benefits business as some accounts adopt alternative plan designs and move to a per employee/per month payment model due to the implementation of the affordable care act; and (iii) reductions in property insurance premium rates specifically in catastrophe-prone areas.
income before income taxes for 2015, increased 15.5%, or $24.4 million, over the same period in 2014, to $181.9 million. the primary factors affecting this increase were: (i) the net increase in revenue as described above; (ii) a 7.1%, or $29.4 million increase in employee compensation and benefits due primarily to the year on year impact of new teammates related to acquisitions completed in the past twelve months in addition to incremental investments in revenue producing teammates; (iii) operating expenses which increased by $3.8 million or 2.9%, due to increased travel and value added consulting services; offset by (iv) a reduction in the change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables of $5.5 million, or 73.1% to $2.0 million; and (v) a $4.2 million, or 25.7% reduction in non-cash stock-based compensation to $12.1 million due to the forfeiture of certain grants where performance conditions were not fully achieved.
the retail segment's total revenues in 2014, increased 11.7%, or $86.3 million, over the same period in 2013, to $823.7 million. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs in 2014 increased 20.3%, or $5.0 million, over 2013, to $29.3 million, primarily due to improved loss ratios resulting in increased profitability for insurance companies in 2013. the $86.1 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by the following: (i) approximately $77.3 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2013; (ii) $14.3 million related to net new business; and (iii) an offsetting decrease of $5.5 million related to commissions and fees revenue recorded from business divested in the last year. the retail segment's internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 2.0% for 2014, and was driven by net new customers, increasing insurable exposure units in certain areas of the united states, and was partially offset by continued pressure on property and casualty rates, especially in coastal areas.
income before income taxes for 2014, decreased 2.7%, or $4.3 million, over the same period in 2013, to $157.5 million. this decrease was primarily due to a higher interest charge of $8.8 million corresponding to capital utilized for acquisitions in 2014 and $8.9 million related to the year-on-year changes in the estimated earn-out payable. the underlying increase was driven by net new business, acquired business and increased profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs. non-cash stock-based compensation increased $6.0 million, or 58.5%, for 2014 over the same period in 2013, as the cost of grants to employees for the purpose of driving performance were realized.
national programs segment the national programs segment manages over 50 programs with approximately 40 well-capitalized carrier partners. in most cases, the insurance carriers that support the programs have delegated underwriting and, in many instances, claims-handling authority to our programs operations. these programs are generally distributed through a nationwide network of independent agents and brown & brown retail agents, and offer targeted products and services designed for specific industries, trade groups, professions, public entities and market niches. the national programs segment operations can be grouped into five broad categories: professional programs, arrowhead insurance programs, commercial programs, public entity-related programs and the national flood program. the national programs segment's revenue is primarily commission-based.
financial information relating to our national programs segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                          2015            % change                    2014             % change                    2013
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                 15,558            (25.3     )%              20,822               6.3      %              19,590
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                   178,185              6.1      %             168,018              22.9      %             136,748
other operating expenses                                              86,157              9.4      %              78,744              44.0      %              54,690
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                        158            (49.8     )%                 315            (139.0     )%                (808   )
net internal growth rate - core organic commissions and fees             1.8   %                                     2.0   %                                     13.7   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                                41.6   %                                    41.6   %                                     45.4   %
other operating expenses ratio                                          20.1   %                                    19.5   %                                     18.1   %
capital expenditures                                                  $6,001                                     $14,133                                       $4,810
nmf = not a meaningful figure national programs total revenues in 2015, increased 6.1%, or $24.5 million, over 2014, to a total $428.7 million. the $36.4 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by the following: (i) an increase of approximately $38.5 million related to core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2014; (ii) $6.7 million related to net new business offset by (iii) a decrease of $8.8 million related to commissions and fees revenue recorded in 2014 from businesses since divested. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs were $15.6 million in 2015 which was a decrease of $5.3 million over 2014, which was primarily driven by the loss experience of our carrier partners.
the national programs segment's internal growth rate for core commissions and fees revenue was 1.8% for 2015. this internal growth rate was mainly due to the arrowhead personal property program, which continued to produce more written premium, the arrowhead automotive aftermarket program which received a commission rate increase from their carrier partner, growth in our wright specialty education program and the on-boarding of new clients by proctor financial. growth in these businesses was partially offset by certain programs that have been affected by lower rates.
income before income taxes for 2015, decreased 7.5%, or $5.5 million, from the same period in 2014, to $67.7 million. the decrease is the result of the $6.0 million gain on the sale of industry consulting group ("icg"), along with the $3.7 million sip grant forfeiture benefit
associated with arrowhead, which were both credits recorded in 2014. after adjusting for these one-time items in 2014, underlying income before income taxes increased and was driven by the net revenue growth noted above and expense management initiatives as we grow and scale our programs.
the national programs segment's total revenues in 2014, increased 34.1%, or $102.9 million, over 2013, to a total of $404.2 million. the $95.8 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by the following: (i) approximately $93.8 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from the wright and beecher carlson acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2013; (ii) $5.6 million related to net new business; and (iii) an offsetting decrease of $3.6 million in books of business that were disposed or transferred to other segments. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs were $20.8 million in 2014 which was an increase of $1.3 million from the same period of 2013. this increase was due primarily to a $0.5 million increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions received by florida intracoastal underwriters, limited company, and a $0.8 million increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions received by proctor financial, inc. other income increased by approximately $5.7 million primarily due to the gain recognized on the sale of industry consulting group, inc. ("icg") of $6.0 million.
income before income taxes for 2014, increased 19.5%, or $12.0 million, from the same period in 2013, to $73.2 million. the increase in income before taxes was due to net new business growth noted above, revenues and operating profits derived from wright, the gain on the sale of icg, and a non-cash stock-based compensation decrease of $3.7 million primarily related to partial sip grant forfeitures associated with arrowhead. the $12.0 million increase was partially offset by an increase in the inter-company interest expense charge related to wright.
wholesale brokerage segment the wholesale brokerage segment markets and sells excess and surplus commercial and personal lines insurance, primarily through independent agents and brokers. like the retail and national programs segments, the wholesale brokerage segment's revenues are primarily commission-based.
financial information relating to our wholesale brokerage segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                        2015           % change                  2014            % change                  2013
profit-sharing contingent commissions                               14,098            (7.7     )%            15,268              8.2      %            14,117
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                 101,590             1.7      %            99,918              9.3      %            91,449
other operating expenses                                            34,379            (5.1     )%            36,234              4.2      %            34,770
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                      830           (67.5     )%             2,550             28.4      %             1,986
net internal growth rate - core organic commissions and fees           5.9   %                                  9.2   %                                  13.4   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                              46.8   %                                 47.2   %                                  47.2   %
other operating expenses ratio                                        15.8   %                                 17.1   %                                  17.9   %
capital expenditures                                                $3,084                                   $1,526                                    $1,825
nmf = not a meaningful figure the wholesale brokerage segment's total revenues for 2015, increased 2.4%, or $5.1 million, over 2014, to $217.0 million. the $6.7 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by the following: (i) $11.1 million related to net new business; (ii) $2.5 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2014; and (iii) an offsetting decrease of $6.9 million related to commissions and fees revenue recorded in 2014 from businesses divested in the past year. contingent commissions and gscs for 2015 decreased $1.6 million over 2014, to $15.8 million. this decrease was driven by an increase in loss ratios. the wholesale brokerage segment's internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 5.9% for 2015, and was driven by net new business and modest increases in exposure units, partially offset by significant contraction in insurance premium rates for catastrophe-prone properties.
income before income taxes for 2015 increased $56.4 million over 2014, to $64.7 million, primarily due to the following: (i) the $47.4 million net pretax loss on disposal of the axiom re business in 2014; (ii) the net increase in revenue as described above and (iii) the impact of the axiom re business divested in 2014 that reported lower margins than the wholesale brokerage segment's average.
the wholesale brokerage segment's total revenues for 2014, increased 9.4%, or $18.2 million, over 2013, to $211.9 million. profit-sharing contingent commissions and gscs for 2014 increased $1.8 million over 2013, to $17.4 million. the $16.4 million net increase in core commissions and fees revenue was driven by the following: (i) $16.4 million related to net new business; (ii) $0.1 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from acquisitions that had no comparable revenues in 2013; and (iii) an offsetting decrease of $0.1 million related to commissions and fees revenue recorded in 2013 from businesses divested in the past year. as such, the wholesale brokerage segment's internal growth rate for core organic commissions and fees revenue was 9.2% for 2014.
income before income taxes for 2014, decreased 82.6%, or $39.2 million, over 2013, to $8.3 million. this decrease included a $47.4 million net loss on the disposal of the axiom re business. effective december 31, 2014, the company sold certain assets of the axiom re business as part of the strategic plan to exit the reinsurance brokerage market. axiom re had annual revenues of approximately $6.9 million in 2014. the underlying performance of this segment was driven by new business growth and to a lesser extent an increase in profit-sharing contingent commissions.
services segment the services segment provides insurance-related services, including third-party claims administration and comprehensive medical utilization management services in both the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas. the services segment also provides medicare set-aside account services, social security disability and medicare benefits advocacy services, and claims adjusting services.
unlike the other segments, nearly all of the services segment's revenue is generated from fees, which are not significantly affected by fluctuations in general insurance premiums.
financial information relating to our services segment is as follows:
(in thousands, except percentages)                                        2015             % change                   2014             % change                  2013
profit-sharing contingent commissions                                    -                 -      %                 -                  -      %                 -
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                  76,249               5.1      %            72,583               18.6      %            61,193
other operating expenses                                            36,057              12.1      %            32,168               14.7      %            28,053
change in estimated acquisition earn-out payables                        9            (102.3     )%              (385    )        (113.8     )%             2,782
net internal growth rate - core organic commissions and fees           6.8   %                                   (8.1   )%                                   12.2   %
employee compensation and benefits ratio                              52.5   %                                   53.2    %                                   46.5   %
other operating expenses ratio                                        24.8   %                                   23.6    %                                   21.3   %
capital expenditures                                                $1,088                                     $1,210                                      $1,811
nmf = not a meaningful figure the services segment's total revenues for 2015 increased 6.4%, or $8.8 million, over 2014, to $145.4 million. the $8.9 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue primarily resulted from growth in our advocacy businesses driven by new clients and growth in several of our claims processing units related to new client relationships. the services segment's internal growth rate for core commissions and fees revenue was 6.8% for 2015.
income before income taxes for 2015 increased 10.3%, or $1.8 million, over 2014, to $19.7 million due to a combination of: (i) internal revenue growth noted above; (ii) the continued efficient operation of our businesses; and (iii) a decrease in the intercompany interest expense charge. the impact from the sale of the colonial claims business on 2015 revenues and income before income taxes was immaterial.
the services segment's total revenues for 2014 increased 3.9%, or $5.1 million, over 2013, to $136.6 million. the $5.5 million increase in core commissions and fees revenue consisted of the following: (i) an increase of approximately $15.6 million related to the core commissions and fees revenue from the acquisition of ica, that had no comparable revenues in the same period of 2013; (ii) net new business of $7.7 million; (iii) offset by a reduction of $18.3 million due to the significant flood claims processed in 2013 resulting from superstorm sandy in 2012 with no comparable storm in 2013 and (iv) $0.4 million of net sold books of business. as such, the services segment's internal growth rate for core commissions and fees revenue was (8.1)% for 2014 and excluding the impact of superstorm sandy internal growth would have been 6.8% in 2014.
income before income taxes for 2014 decreased 30.7%, or $7.9 million, over the same period in 2013, to $17.9 million due to the reduction in superstorm sandy related revenues and corresponding operating profit partially offset by the increase associated with net new and acquired business.
other as discussed in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, the "other" column in the segment information table includes any income and expenses not allocated to reportable segments, and corporate-related items, including the inter-company interest expense charges to reporting segments.
liquidity and capital resources the company strives to maintain a conservative balance sheet and liquidity profile. our capital requirements to operate as an insurance intermediary are low and we have been able to grow and invest in our business principally through cash that has been generated from operations. we have the ability to access the use of our revolving credit facilities, which provide up to $825.0 million in available cash, and we believe that we have access to additional funds, if needed, through the capital markets to obtain further debt financing under the current market conditions. the company believes that its existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investment portfolio and funds generated from operations, together with the funds available under the credit facilities, will be sufficient to satisfy our normal liquidity needs, including principal payments on our long-term debt, for at least the next twelve months.
our cash and cash equivalents of $443.4 million at december 31, 2015 reflected a decrease of $26.6 million from the $470.0 million balance at december 31, 2014. during 2015, $411.8 million of cash was generated from operating activities. during this period, $136.0 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $25.4 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $18.4 million was used for additions to fixed assets, $64.1 million was used for payment of dividends, $175.0 million was used as part of accelerated share repurchase programs, and $45.6 million was used to pay outstanding principal balances owed on long-term debt.
we hold approximately $17.2 million in cash outside of the u.s. for which we have no plans to repatriate in the near future.
our cash and cash equivalents of $470.0 million at december 31, 2014 reflected an increase of $267.1 million from the $203.0 million balance at december 31, 2013. during 2014, $385.0 million of cash was generated from operating activities. during this period, $696.5 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $9.5 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $24.9 million was used for additions to fixed assets, $59.3 million was used for payment of dividends, and $718.0 million was provided from proceeds received on net new long-term debt.
on may 1, 2014, we completed the acquisition of wright for a total cash purchase price of $609.2 million, subject to certain adjustments. we financed the acquisition through various modified and new credit facilities.
our cash and cash equivalents of $203.0 million at december 31, 2013 reflected a decrease of $16.9 million from the $219.8 million balance at december 31, 2012. during 2013, $389.4 million of cash was generated from operating activities. during this period, $367.7 million of cash was used for acquisitions, $15.5 million was used for acquisition earn-out payments, $16.4 million was used for additions to fixed assets, $53.5 million was used for payment of dividends, and $30.0 million was provided from proceeds received on new long-term debt.
on july 1, 2013, we completed the acquisition of beecher carlson for a total cash purchase price of $364.2 million, subject to certain adjustments. we financed the acquisition through various modified and new credit facilities.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities (the "current ratio") was 1.16 and 1.24 at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
contractual cash obligations as of december 31, 2015, our contractual cash obligations were as follows:
operating leases                                           195,272                  40,900                    68,721                  47,245                  38,406
unrecognized tax benefits                                      584                       -           584                                   -                       -
maximum future acquisition contingency payments(2)         137,365                  34,467                    85,815                  17,083                       -
(1)   includes the current portion of other long-term liabilities.
(2)   includes $78.4 million of current and non-current estimated earn-out payables resulting from acquisitions consummated after january 1, 2009.
debt total debt at december 31, 2015 was $1,153.0 million, which was a decrease of $45.5 million compared to december 31, 2014. this decrease was primarily due to the repayments of $45.6 million in principal payments, and the amortization of discounted debt related to our 4.20% notes due 2024, of $0.1 million.
on january 15, 2015, the company retired the series d senior notes of $25.0 million that matured and were issued under the original private placement note agreement from december 2006.
as of december 31, 2015, the company satisfied the third installment of scheduled quarterly principal payments on the credit facility term loan. each installment equaled $6.9 million. the company has satisfied $20.6 million in total principal payments through december 31, 2015. scheduled quarterly principal payments are expected to be made until maturity. the balance of the credit facility term loan is $529.4 million as of december 31, 2015. of the total amount, $48.1 million is classified as short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheet as the date of maturity is less than one year representing the quarterly debt payments due in 2016.
during 2015, the $25.0 million of 5.66% notes due december 2016 were classified as short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheet as the date of maturity is less than one year.
off-balance sheet arrangements neither we nor our subsidiaries have ever incurred off-balance sheet obligations through the use of, or investment in, off-balance sheet derivative financial instruments or structured finance or special purpose entities organized as corporations, partnerships or limited liability companies or trusts.
for further discussion of our cash management and risk management policies, see "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."