if these initiatives fail or are not executed effectively, it could harm our consolidated financial position and results of operations. for example, efforts to reduce operating expenses while maintaining the necessary resources and talent pool are important and, if not managed effectively, could have long-term effects on our business by negatively impacting our ability to drive improvements in the quality of our products and/or services. for our strategic initiatives to succeed, we must effectively integrate our operations, including our acquired businesses, actively work to ensure consistency throughout the organization, and promote a global mind-set and a focus on individual customers. if we fail to do so, our business may be unable to grow as planned, or the result of expansion may be unsatisfactory. in addition, the current competitive, economic and regulatory environment requires our organization to adapt rapidly and nimbly to new opportunities and challenges. we will be unable to do so if we do not make important decisions quickly, define our appetite for risk specifically, implement new governance, managerial and organizational processes smoothly and communicate roles and responsibilities clearly.
recent and continuing consolidation among physicians, hospitals and other health care providers, development of accountable care organizations and other changes in the organizational structures that physicians, hospitals and health care providers choose may change the way these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape in which we operate. in some instances, these organizations may compete directly with us, potentially affecting the way that we price our products or causing us to incur increased costs if we change our operations to be more competitive. our focus on developing collaborative accountable care organizations and independent practice associations or similar business arrangements with physicians and other health care providers may not achieve intended benefits that could adversely affect our strategy or prospects.
we are also subject to restrictions on the conduct of our business prior to the consummation of the transaction as provided in the merger agreement, including, among other things, certain restrictions on our ability to acquire other businesses, sell, transfer or license our assets, make capital expenditures, amend our organizational documents and incur indebtedness. these restrictions could result in our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, industry developments and future opportunities.
organizational efficiency plan:  see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
charge for organizational efficiency plans (see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements)                  –                      –               40                       –                                          (40)