in the fourth quarter of 2012, we commenced a four-year global growth and efficiency program for sustained growth, which was expanded in 2014 and 2015 (the "2012 restructuring program"). the 2012 restructuring program's initiatives are expected to help us ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales and earnings per share and enhance our global leadership positions in our core businesses. the successful implementation of the remainder of the 2012 restructuring program presents significant organizational challenges and in some cases may require successful negotiations with third parties. as a result, we may not be able to realize all of the remaining anticipated benefits from the 2012 restructuring program. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the remaining anticipated benefits or our not realizing such benefits on our expected timetable. in addition, changes in foreign exchange rates may result in our not achieving the remaining anticipated cost savings as measured in u.s. dollars. if we are unable to realize the remaining anticipated savings of the 2012 restructuring program, our ability to fund other initiatives and enhance profitability may be adversely affected. any failure to implement the 2012 restructuring program in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for additional information regarding the 2012 restructuring program, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - executive overview and outlook" and "- restructuring and related implementation charges."
in addition, as a result of our clustering of single-country subsidiaries into regional commercial hubs and our implementation of a global shared service organizational model, certain of our functions, such as marketing, finance and accounting, and customer service and logistics, have become more concentrated in key office facilities. a significant disruption to any of our key office facilities for any reason, including natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
▪   extending shared business services and streamlining global functions - implementing the company's shared service organizational model, already successful in europe, in all regions of the world. initially focused on finance and accounting, these shared services will be expanded to additional functional areas to streamline global functions.