item 1a: risk factors our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.
all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior, which is discussed in the risk factor immediately below in “changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.”
25      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k competition for the cable services we offer consists primarily of companies that typically offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to our video, high-speed internet and voice services, such as dbs providers and phone companies with fiber-based networks. in 2015, at&t, our largest phone company competitor, acquired directv, the nation’s largest dbs provider, which created an even larger competitor.
wireless internet services, such as 4g wireless broadband services and wi-fi networks, and devices such as wireless data cards, tablets and smartphones, and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our high-speed internet services. our voice services continue to face increased competition from wireless and internet-based phone services as more consumers choose to replace their traditional wireline phone service with these phone services.
there also continue to be new entrants, some with significant financial resources, that potentially may compete with our cable services. in particular, google, which has launched high-speed internet and video services in a limited number of areas, has announced plans to expand in more areas, including in some of our significant markets. as google expands to more areas, we expect it to become a meaningful wireline competitor to our high-speed internet and video services. in addition, some local municipalities are launching their own fiber-based high-speed internet services. companies that provide subscription video on demand services over the internet or the ability to download video programming continue to gain consumer acceptance. there can be no assurance that these or other newer entrants will not continue to launch similar services.
our cable communications business continues to seek ways enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services, such as our home security and automation services. there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our cable communications segment revenue, maintain our cable communications segment operating margin, or to compete successfully in the future.
in addition, some of our phone company competitors have their own wireless facilities and may expand their service offerings to include bundled wireless offerings. because we do not have our own wireless facilities, our inability to provide a competitive wireless product as part of our bundled cable services offering could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business and results of operations.
each of nbcuniversal’s businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. nbcuniversal must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in operating these businesses.
all of our businesses’ ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see item 1: business and refer to the “competition” discussion within that section.
changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.
alternative products and services for the distribution, sale and viewing of content have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. these products and services are also driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services.
while our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, for example, by deploying our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, products and services have emerged that compete with our video services, including those that offer subscription video on demand services or the ability to download content that can be viewed on television sets, computers, smartphones and tablets. some of these products and services charge no fee or a lower fee than our traditional video packages for access to their content, which adversely affects demand for our video services, including for expanded digital video packages, premium networks, and our dvr and on demand services.
the increased availability of these products and services, including some that also offer high-quality original video programming that is exclusive to that service, have contributed to an increased number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which intensifies audience fragmentation. additionally, the increased availability of dvrs and cloud-based recording services and video on demand services reduces the viewing of content through traditional linear television distribution outlets. reduced viewing of our content through traditional linear television distribution outlets has caused and will likely continue to cause audience ratings declines for nbcuniversal’s linear television content and may adversely affect the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us and the amount nbcuniversal receives for distribution of its content.
additionally, several companies now offer smaller packages of channels directly to customers over the internet at price points lower than our standard packages, which could adversely affect demand for our video services and reduce the subscription revenue that our cable networks or broadcast television businesses receive from multichannel video providers. these smaller packages could also cause our cable communications business to offer more customized programming packages that may be less profitable.
the success of any of these ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.
a decline in advertisers’ expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.
our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television businesses compete for the sale of advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio, print and, increasingly, digital media. we derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of audiences and audience fragmentation, by the growing use of new technologies, or the economy in general. in addition, advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which some of our networks have experienced and likely will continue to experience. advertising sales and rates also are dependent on audience measurement methodologies and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. for example, certain methods of viewing content, such as delayed viewing on dvrs or viewing content online, might not be counted in audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than traditional distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue. reductions in advertisers’ expenditures could adversely affect our revenue and businesses.
our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.
our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide
27      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k them with a competitive advantage. for example, some companies and municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds, and wireless internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly to allow for greater speed and reliability. we expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. if we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. we also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of docsis 3.1, x1 set-top boxes, wireless gateways and cloud dvr technology, and there can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. we also may incur increased costs if changes in the products and services that our competitors offer require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we make additional research and development expenditures.
we are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.
federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video and voice services industry, and more recently, internet services. we expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify, and in some cases may adversely affect, the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities under the communications act and other laws. our broadcast television business is also highly regulated by federal laws and regulations. our cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks businesses are also subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels, including laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which have become more stringent over time, and the safety of consumer products and theme park operations. in addition, we are subject to the nbcuniversal order and the nbcuniversal consent decree, which have imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the treatment of competitors and other matters. failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. for a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see item 1, business and refer to the “legislation and regulation” discussion within that section.
changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones, which may significantly affect our businesses. in addition, the fcc and certain states are becoming more active in considering rulemakings and legislation, as well as in conducting inquiries and reviews, regarding our services. any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. for example, as more fully discussed in item 1, business – “legislation and regulation,” in 2015, the fcc adopted new open internet regulations that reclassify broadband internet access service as a “telecommunications service,” making it subject to certain common carriage regulations under title ii of the communications act. this change could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. in addition, in 2015, the fcc adopted an order that preempted certain state laws that had restricted municipalities from operating municipally owned broadband networks. the fcc is also considering the appropriate regulatory framework for voip service, including whether that service should be regulated under title ii. accordingly, the legal and regulatory environment applicable to our businesses continues to intensify. any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have a negative impact on our businesses and results of operations.
programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our cable communications segment’s video business.
we expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our cable communications segment’s largest single expense item and to increase in the foreseeable future. the multichannel video provider industry has experienced continued increases in the cost of programming, especially sports programming, which we expect will continue for the foreseeable future. our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as on demand or streaming services. additionally, in the past few years, we have begun paying certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to our video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. these market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. if we are unable to raise our customers’ rates or offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our cable communications segment’s results of operations. moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of our video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.
nbcuniversal’s success depends on consumer acceptance of its content, and its businesses may be adversely affected if its content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase.
most of nbcuniversal’s businesses create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. the success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute cable network and broadcast television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer market. we have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television networks, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance.
we also obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size, and the ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or obtain carriage on, multichannel video providers for the content and the timing and amount of our rights payments. there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. if our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected.
the loss of nbcuniversal’s programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect its businesses.
our cable networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with multichannel video providers. our broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. in addition, every three years, each of our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its
29      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k dma, either “must-carry” status, in which the distributor’s carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or “retransmission consent,” in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor. all of our nbc and telemundo owned local broadcast television stations have elected retransmission consent through december 31, 2017. increasingly, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses have entered into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms, including subscription video on demand services, and some multichannel video providers are offering smaller packages of channels as part of their streaming and linear television programming packages. in addition, certain online entities may stream our broadcast television content online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us. as a result, there can be no assurance that any of our distribution agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. the loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce our distribution revenue and the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses.
we rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us or by third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our equipment, data and properties. these events also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future, and any such events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, we may obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and may provide this information to third parties, in connection with our business. while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach, and could cause regulators to impose fines or other remedies for failure to comply with relevant customer privacy rules.
the risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify in many lines of business, and our lines of business may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these events occurring, due to the nature of our businesses and the fact that we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form stored on cloud servers. in the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts to cause such systems-related events and security breaches, and we have experienced a few minor systems-related events that, to date, have not resulted in any significant degradation or disruption to our network or information systems or our services or operations. while we develop and maintain systems, and operate a comprehensive security program, seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development, maintenance and operation of these systems and programs is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite any efforts to prevent these events and security breaches, comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k   30
there can be no assurance that they will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches likely would not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have an adverse effect on our business.
we may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.
we depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. while we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. if any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment or services we need in a timely manner or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some services may be adversely affected.
weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.
a substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. weak economic conditions could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. for example, customers may reduce the level of cable services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of our cable services. this risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as subscription video on demand services, or substitute services for our high-speed internet and voice services, such as mobile phones, smartphones and wi-fi networks. weak economic conditions also may have a negative impact on our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks business. weak economic conditions and turmoil in the global financial markets may also impair the ability of third parties to satisfy their obligations to us, and any disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing, including refinancing any existing debt, on acceptable terms.
our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.
we rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. we may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.
in addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of nbcuniversal’s businesses, and its success is highly dependent on protecting intellectual property rights in the content it creates or acquires against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. the unauthorized reproduction, dis-
31      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k tribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights. for example, nbcuniversal has brought a suit against a multichannel video provider to challenge the commercial-skipping functionality in its dvr. additionally, legislation has been proposed in the u.s. congress that seems intended to legitimize the unauthorized online streaming of local broadcast content. we cannot predict whether such legislation will be enacted or how any such legislation would ultimately affect our businesses.
piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances allowing the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. in particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution on dvds, peer-to-peer computer networks and other platforms continues to present challenges for our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. while piracy is a challenge in the united states, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the united states. if any u.s. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, and the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase. see item 1, business and refer to the “legislation and regulation — other areas of regulation — intellectual property” discussion for additional information.
acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated.
from time to time, we make acquisitions and investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives, including, for example, with respect to a wireless strategy. in connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives. additionally, regulatory agencies, such as the fcc or doj, may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives. the occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.
many of nbcuniversal’s employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent and cable communications’ employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. most of nbcuniversal’s collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. if we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. there can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.
in addition, our cable networks and broadcast television networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain nfl, nhl, nba and mlb games. labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
the loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.
we rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. while we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses. in addition, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses depend on the abilities and expertise of our on-air and creative talent. if we fail to retain our on-air or creative talent, if the costs to retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.
we face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.
we, primarily through nbcuniversal, operate our businesses worldwide. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil, economic volatility and the global economic slowdown, currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures, the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising, import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations, difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations, issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations, and potentially adverse tax developments. in addition, doing business internationally is subject to risks relating to political or social unrest, corruption and government regulation, including u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. if any of these events occur, our businesses may be adversely affected.
our class b common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our chairman and ceo has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our class b common stock.
our class b common stock has a nondilutable 33 1/3% of the combined voting power of our class a and class b common stock. this nondilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of class b common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of class b common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of at&t corp.’s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. stock dividends payable on the class b common stock in the form of class b or class a common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the class b common stock. the class b common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our board of directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. these potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving comcast corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of class b common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into class b common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our class b common stock. brian l. roberts, our chairman and ceo, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our class b common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the class b common stock, which could be at a premium.
item 7: management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction and overview we are a global media and technology company with two primary businesses, comcast cable and nbcuniversal. we present our operations for comcast cable in one reportable business segment, referred to as cable communications, and our operations for nbcuniversal in four reportable business segments. the cable networks, broadcast television, filmed entertainment and theme parks segments comprise the nbcuniversal businesses (collectively, the “nbcuniversal segments”).
in 2015, our consolidated revenue was $74.5 billion and our operating income was $16.0 billion.
2015 consolidated operating results by segment cable communications segment comcast cable is one of the nation’s largest providers of video, high-speed internet and voice services (“cable services”) to residential customers under the xfinity brand, and we also provide these and other services to business customers. as of december 31, 2015, our cable systems had 27.7 million total customer relationships; served 22.3 million video customers, 23.3 million high-speed internet customers and 11.5 million voice customers; and passed more than 55 million homes and businesses.
our cable communications segment generates revenue primarily from residential and business customers subscribing to our cable services, which we market individually and as bundled services, and from the sale of advertising. customers are typically billed in advance on a monthly basis based on the services and features they receive and the type of equipment they use. the majority of our residential cable services customers are
41      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k not subject to minimum-term contracts for their services, while substantially all of our business customers are. minimum-term contracts are typically 2 years in length for residential customers and typically range from 2 to 5 years for business services customers. customers with minimum-term contracts may only discontinue service in accordance with the terms of their contracts, which may include an early termination fee.
residential cable services our cable communications segment offers a broad variety of video service packages that may include premium networks such as hbo, showtime, starz and cinemax; pay-per-view services; and our on demand service. our video customers may subscribe for additional fees to our high-definition video (“hd”) and digital video recorder (“dvr”) advanced services. we are actively deploying x1 set-top boxes throughout our footprint and have launched cloud dvr technology in substantially all of our markets.
we offer residential customers a variety of high-speed internet services with downstream speeds of up to 150 mbps and downstream speeds of up to 505 mbps in limited markets. we are actively deploying wireless gateways throughout our footprint, which combine a customer’s wireless router, cable modem and voice adapter, to improve the performance of multiple internet-enabled devices used at the same time within the home, provide faster internet speeds and create an in-home wi-fi network. we are continuing to expand our network of residential, outdoor and business wi-fi hotspots to allow most of our high-speed internet customers to access our high-speed internet services inside and outside the home, and we provide access to approximately 13.3 million of these hotspots as of december 31, 2015.
we offer voice services that provide local and long-distance calling and other related features.
business services we offer our cable services to small and medium-sized businesses, and more recently, we have begun to offer services to large enterprises with multiple locations (“business services”). we offer to medium-sized businesses and large enterprises ethernet network services that connect multiple locations and provide higher downstream and upstream speed options. we also provide cellular backhaul services to mobile network operators to help those customers manage network bandwidth.
advertising our cable communications segment also sells advertising. as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that our spotlight business sells to local, regional and national advertisers.
operating margin our cable communications segment operating margin is operating income before depreciation and amortization as a percentage of revenue. the most significant operating costs and expenses for our cable communications segment are the programming expenses we incur to provide content to our video customers. as further discussed in cable communications segment results of operations, we expect that our programming expenses will continue to increase, which may negatively impact our operating margin. we will attempt to mitigate increases in operating costs and expenses by growing revenue, particularly in our high-speed internet, video and business services businesses.
nbcuniversal segments nbcuniversal is one of the world’s leading media and entertainment companies that develops, produces and distributes entertainment, news and information, sports, and other content for global audiences, as well as owns and operates several theme parks worldwide.
cable networks our cable networks segment consists primarily of a diversified portfolio of cable television networks. our cable networks are comprised of our national cable entertainment networks (usa network, syfy, e!, bravo, oxygen, esquire network, sprout, chiller, universal hd and cloo), our national cable news and information networks (msnbc, cnbc and cnbc world), our national cable sports networks (golf channel and nbc sports network), our regional sports and news networks, various international cable networks, our cable television studio production operations, and related digital media properties.
our cable networks segment generates revenue primarily from the distribution and licensing of its programming and from the sale of advertising on its networks.
broadcast television our broadcast television segment consists primarily of the nbc and telemundo broadcast television networks, its 10 nbc and 17 telemundo owned local broadcast television stations, the nbc universo national cable network, our broadcast television studio production operations, and related digital media properties.
our broadcast television segment generates revenue primarily from the sale of advertising on its networks, from the licensing of its programming, and from fees received under retransmission consent agreements.
filmed entertainment our filmed entertainment segment primarily produces, acquires, markets and distributes filmed entertainment worldwide, and it also develops, produces and licenses live stage plays. our films are produced primarily under the universal pictures, illumination and focus features names.
our filmed entertainment segment generates revenue primarily from the worldwide distribution of our produced and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters and from the licensing and sale of our owned and acquired films.
theme parks our theme parks segment consists primarily of our universal theme parks in orlando, florida and hollywood, california. in november 2015, nbcuniversal acquired a 51% interest in the universal studios theme park in osaka, japan (“universal studios japan”). in addition, along with a consortium of chinese state owned companies, we are developing a theme park in china.
2015 developments the following are the more significant developments in our businesses during 2015:
•   an increase in cable communications segment revenue of 6.2% to $46.9 billion and an increase in cable communications segment operating income before depreciation and amortization of 5.6% to $19.1 billion
•   an increase in cable communications segment capital expenditures of 14.3% to $7 billion primarily due to our continued investment in the following initiatives:
•   the accelerated deployment of our ip and cloud-enabled video platform, referred to as our x1 platform, which is available in all of the markets in which we operate, and our cloud dvr technology, which is available in substantially all of our markets
•   the deployment of wireless gateways to more than 70% of our residential high-speed internet customers
•   the improvement of our network infrastructure to increase network capacity
•   the expansion of our business services, including the creation of the new enterprise service offering designed to serve certain fortune 1000 companies and other large nationwide enterprises with multiple locations
•   investments to improve the customer experience, including by hiring additional personnel and developing and deploying various technology and software tools
•   an increase in total nbcuniversal revenue of 11.9% to $28.5 billion
•   an increase in total nbcuniversal operating income before depreciation and amortization of 14.8% to $6.4 billion
•   an increase in our filmed entertainment segment revenue of 45.5% largely due to the success of furious 7, jurassic world and minions, which each exceeded $1 billion in worldwide theatrical receipts
•   an increase in our theme parks segment revenue of 27.3% due to the continued success of attractions at our universal theme parks, including the wizarding world of harry potter™ — diagon alley™ in orlando and the fast &amp; furious™ —supercharged™ studio tour in hollywood
•   the continued investment in original programming and sports programming rights at both our cable networks and broadcast television networks, including the premiere of nascar programming
•   the acquisition of a 51% interest in universal studios japan for $1.5 billion
competition the results of operations of our reportable business segments are affected by competition, as all of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers.
for additional information on the competition our businesses face, see item 1a: risk factors and refer to the risk factors entitled “our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively” and “changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models” within that section.
seasonality and cyclicality each of our businesses is subject to seasonal and cyclical variations. in our cable communications segment, our results are impacted by the seasonal nature of customers receiving our cable services in college and vacation markets. this generally results in a reduction in net customer additions in the second quarter and an increase in net customer additions in the third and fourth quarters of each year.
revenue in our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television segments is subject to cyclical advertising patterns and changes in viewership levels. our u.s. advertising revenue is generally higher comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k   44
in the second and fourth quarters of each year, due in part to increases in consumer advertising in the spring and in the period leading up to and including the holiday season. u.s. advertising revenue is also cyclical, with a benefit in even-numbered years due to advertising related to candidates running for political office and issue-oriented advertising. revenue in our cable networks and broadcast television segments fluctuates depending on the timing of when our programming is aired on television, which typically results in higher advertising revenue in the second and fourth quarters of each year. our revenue and operating costs and expenses, excluding depreciation and amortization (“operating costs and expenses”) are cyclical as a result of our periodic broadcasts of major sporting events such as the olympic games, which affect our cable networks and broadcast television segments, and the super bowl, which affect our broadcast television segment. our advertising revenue generally increases in the period of these broadcasts due to increased demand for advertising time, and our operating costs and expenses also increase as a result of our production costs and the amortization of the related rights fees.
revenue in our filmed entertainment segment fluctuates due to the timing of the release of films in movie theaters, on dvd and through digital distribution services. release dates are determined by several factors, including competition and the timing of vacation and holiday periods. as a result, revenue tends to be seasonal, with increases experienced each year during the summer months and around the holidays. revenue in our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment segments also fluctuates due to the timing of when our content is made available to licensees.
revenue in our theme parks segment fluctuates with changes in theme park attendance that result from the seasonal nature of vacation travel and weather variations, local entertainment offerings and the opening of new attractions. our theme parks generally experience peak attendance during the summer months when schools are closed and during early winter and spring holiday periods.
consolidated operating results year ended december 31 (in millions)                                                             2015                   2014                   2013                          % change               % change
other operating and administrative                                                                         21,339                 19,854                 18,575                   7.5                    6.9
advertising, marketing and promotion                                                                        5,943                  5,086                  4,978                  16.8                    2.2
operating income                                                                                           15,998                 14,904                 13,563                   7.3                    9.9
consolidated revenue in 2015 included $376 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the super bowl in february 2015 and an increase in revenue at our filmed entertainment segment of $2.3 billion, both of which are reported in our nbcuniversal segments. consolidated revenue in 2014 included $1.1 billion of revenue associated with our broadcast of the sochi olympics in february 2014, which is reported in our nbcuniversal segments.
revenue for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading “segment operating results.” revenue for our other businesses is discussed separately under the heading “corporate and other results of operations.”
consolidated costs and expenses the following graph illustrates the contributions to the increases in consolidated operating costs and expenses by our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments, as well as our corporate and other activities.
our consolidated operating costs and expenses in 2015 included expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2015 super bowl and our larger film slate, both of which are included in our nbcuniversal segments. our consolidated operating costs and expenses in 2014 included expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, which is reported in our nbcuniversal segments. our consolidated operating costs and expenses also included transaction-related costs associated with the time warner cable merger and the related divestiture transactions of $178 million and $237 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, which is included in corporate and other. on april 24, 2015, we and time warner cable inc. terminated our planned merger and we terminated our related agreement with charter communications, inc. to spin off, exchange and sell certain cable systems.
operating costs and expenses for our segments is discussed separately below under the heading “segment operating results.” operating costs and expenses for our other businesses is discussed separately below under the heading “corporate and other results of operations.”
consolidated depreciation and amortization year ended december 31 (in millions)   2015              2014              2013                     % change              % change
consolidated depreciation and amortization expenses increased in 2015 primarily due to increases in capital expenditures, as well as expenditures for software, in our cable communications segment in recent years. we continue to invest in customer premise equipment, primarily for our x1 platform, wireless gateways and cloud dvr technology, and in equipment to increase our network capacity. in addition, because these assets generally have shorter estimated useful lives, our depreciation expenses have increased, which we expect will
47      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k continue in 2016. in 2015, depreciation and amortization expenses included $20 million related to the acceleration of amortization for certain intangible assets and the write-off of certain capitalized costs associated with the termination of the time warner cable merger and related divestiture transactions. consolidated depreciation and amortization expenses increased slightly in 2014 primarily due to increases in capital spending in our cable communications and nbcuniversal segments, as well as increases related to our acquisitions in 2013 of our corporate headquarters and real estate properties for nbcuniversal.
segment operating results our segment operating results are presented based on how we assess operating performance and internally report financial information. we use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, excluding impairment charges related to fixed and intangible assets and gains or losses from the sale of assets, if any, as the measure of profit or loss for our operating segments. this measure eliminates the significant level of noncash depreciation and amortization expense that results from the capital-intensive nature of certain of our businesses and from intangible assets recognized in business combinations. additionally, it is unaffected by our capital structure or investment activities. we use this measure to evaluate our consolidated operating performance and the operating performance of our operating segments and to allocate resources and capital to our operating segments. it is also a significant performance measure in our annual incentive compensation programs. we believe that this measure is useful to investors because it is one of the bases for comparing our operating performance with that of other companies in our industries, although our measure may not be directly comparable to similar measures used by other companies. because we use operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization to measure our segment profit or loss, we reconcile it to operating income, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (“gaap”), in the business segment footnote to our consolidated financial statements (see note 18 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements and note 17 to nbcuniversal’s consolidated financial statements). this measure should not be considered a substitute for operating income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to comcast corporation or nbcuniversal, net cash provided by operating activities, or other measures of performance or liquidity we have reported in accordance with gaap.
the revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2015 super bowl were reported in our broadcast television segment. the revenue and operating costs and expenses associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics were reported in our cable networks and broadcast television segments.
cable communications segment results of operations comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k   48
year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2015               2014               2013                      % change              % change
business services                                                  4,742              3,951              3,241              20.0                  21.9
operating costs and expenses programming                                                       10,516              9,819              9,107               7.1                   7.8
technical and product support                                      5,904              5,547              5,373               6.4                   3.2
customer service                                                   2,377              2,205              2,097               7.8                   5.2
advertising, marketing and promotion                               3,340              3,083              2,905               8.4                   6.1
total operating costs and expenses                                27,759             26,028             24,631               6.7                   5.7
operating income before depreciation and amortization            $19,120            $18,112            $17,205               5.6   %               5.3   %
customer metrics total customers                                       net additional customers december 31 (in thousands)                                2015                   2014                   2013               2015                  2014                   2013
total customer relationships(a)                                     27,701                 27,035                 26,677              666                    358                    215
customers(a)
customers(a)
triple product customers(a)                                         10,114                  9,876                  9,384              238                    492                    774
video customers                                                     22,347                 22,383                 22,577              (36   )               (194   )               (267   )
high-speed internet customers                                       23,329                 21,962                 20,685            1,367                  1,277                  1,296
voice customers                                                     11,475                 11,193                 10,723              282                    470                    768
average monthly total revenue per customer relationship            $142.74                $136.97                $131.22
customer metrics include residential and business customers and are presented based on actual amounts. minor differences may exist due to rounding.
(a)   customer relationships represent the number of residential and business customers that subscribe to at least one of our cable services. single product, double product and triple product customers represent customers that subscribe to one, two or three of our cable services, respectively.
cable communications segment – revenue video video revenue increased 3.6% and 1.2% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increases in revenue in both years were due to increases in the number of residential customers receiving additional and higher levels of video service and rate adjustments, partially offset by decreases in the number of residential video customers. the increases in residential customers receiving additional and higher levels of video service and rate adjustments accounted for increases in revenue of 4.5% and 2.7% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. as of december 31, 2015, 13.9 million customers subscribed to at least one of our hd or dvr advanced services compared to 13.0 million customers and 12.5 million customers as of december 31, 2014 and 2013,
49      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k respectively. the decreases in the number of residential video customers in 2015 and 2014 were primarily due to competitive pressures and the impact of rate adjustments.
as of december 31, 2015, 40.1% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our video services, compared to 40.9% and 41.9% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we may experience further declines in the number of residential video customers.
high-speed internet high-speed internet revenue increased 10.2% and 9.5% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. increases in the number of residential customers receiving our high-speed internet services accounted for increases in revenue of 5.8% and 5.9% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the remaining increases in revenue in both 2015 and 2014 were primarily due to increases in the number of customers receiving higher levels of service and rate adjustments.
as of december 31, 2015, 41.9% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our high-speed internet services, compared to 40.2% and 38.4% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our customer base continues to grow as consumers choose our high-speed internet service and seek higher-speed offerings.
voice voice revenue decreased 1.7% in 2015 and increased slightly in 2014. while the number of residential customers receiving voice services through our discounted bundled service offerings increased in both years, revenue was negatively impacted by the allocation of voice revenue for our customers who receive bundled services. the amount allocated to voice revenue in the rate charged for bundled services decreased in 2015 and 2014 because video and high-speed internet rates increased while voice rates remained relatively flat.
as of december 31, 2015, 20.6% of the homes and businesses in the areas we serve subscribed to our voice services, compared to 20.5% and 19.9% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
business services business services revenue increased 20.0% and 21.9% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increases in 2015 and 2014 were primarily due to increases in the number of small business customers receiving our high-speed internet and voice services and rate adjustments. in 2015, 2014 and 2013, our small business customers represented more than 70% of total business services revenue. the remaining increases in both years were primarily due to continued growth in our medium-sized business services, including ethernet network and advanced voice services.
we believe the increases in the number of business customers were primarily the result of our efforts to gain market share from competitors by offering competitive services and pricing.
advertising as part of our distribution agreements with cable networks, we generally receive an allocation of scheduled advertising time on cable networks that our spotlight business sells to local, regional and national advertisers. in most cases, the available advertising units are sold by our sales force. in some cases, we work with representation firms as an extension of our sales force to sell a portion of the advertising time allocated to us. we also represent the advertising sales efforts of other multichannel video providers in some markets. in addition, we generate revenue from the sale of advertising online and on our on demand service. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the advertising market and general economic conditions.
advertising revenue decreased 3.1% in 2015 primarily due to a decrease in political advertising revenue. excluding the impact of political advertising revenue, advertising revenue increased 3.7% in 2015. advertising comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k   50
revenue increased 11.5% in 2014 primarily due to an increase in political revenue of 8.0%, as well as an increase in revenue in our national and local advertising markets. excluding the impact of political advertising revenue, advertising revenue increased 3.5% in 2014.
in 2015, 7% of our cable communications segment’s advertising revenue was generated from our nbcuniversal segments, compared to 5% and 4% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. these amounts are eliminated in our consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
other other revenue primarily includes revenue related to cable franchise and other regulatory fees. we also receive revenue related to fees from other services, such as our home security and automation services. cable franchise and other regulatory fees represent the fees we are required to pay to federal, state and local authorities that we pass through to our customers. under the terms of our cable franchise agreements, we are generally required to pay to the cable franchising authority an amount based on our gross video revenue. the changes in franchise and other regulatory fees collected from our cable services customers are generally due to changes in the revenue on which the fees apply.
other revenue increased 9.6% and 5.1% in 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily due to increases in revenue from our home security and automation services, as well as increases in cable franchise and other regulatory fees.
cable communications segment – operating costs and expenses our operating margin, which is our operating income before depreciation and amortization as a percentage of revenue, for 2015, 2014 and 2013 was 40.8%, 41.0% and 41.1%, respectively.
programming expenses programming expenses, which represent our most significant operating expense, are the fees we incur to provide content to our video customers. these expenses are affected by the programming license fees charged by cable networks, the fees charged for retransmission of the signals from local broadcast television stations, the number of video customers we serve and the amount of content we provide. programming expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increases in programming license fees, including sports programming costs and retransmission consent fees, and fees to secure rights for additional programming for our customers across an increasing number of platforms.
we anticipate that our programming expenses will continue to increase as we provide additional content to our video customers; as we deliver this content through an increasing number of platforms, including on demand, online and through our mobile apps; and as the fees we pay increase, primarily sports programming costs and retransmission consent fees. we believe that adding more content and delivering it on various platforms will help us to attract and retain video customers.
technical and product support expenses technical and product support expenses include costs to complete service call and installation activities, as well as costs for network operations, product development, fulfillment and provisioning. technical and product support expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to expenses related to the development, delivery and support of our enhanced devices, including our x1 set-top boxes, cloud dvr technology and wireless gateways, and the continued growth in business services and home security and automation services. the increase in 2015 was also due to expenses related to investments we are making to improve the customer experience.
51      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k customer service expenses customer service expenses include the personnel and other costs associated with handling the sale of services to customers and customer service activity. customer service expenses increased in 2015 primarily due to increases in support for improving the customer experience and increases in total labor costs associated with increases in customer service activity. customer service expenses increased in 2014 due to increases in total labor costs associated with increases in customer service activity. the increases in customer service activity in both periods were due to sales and support activities associated with the continued deployment of our enhanced devices and services, which include our x1 platform, cloud dvr technology, wireless gateways, and home security and automation services, and the continued growth in business services.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increases in spending associated with attracting new residential and business services customers and encouraging existing customers to add additional or higher-tier services.
other operating costs and expenses other operating costs and expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increases in costs to support our advertising sales business, as well as increases in other administrative costs.
2015 nbcuniversal segments operating results comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k   52
year ended december 31 (in millions)                          2015                  2014                  2013                         % change               % change
revenue cable networks                                                         $9,628                $9,563                $9,201                   0.7    %               3.9   %
operating income before depreciation and amortization cable networks                                                         $3,499                $3,589                $3,501                  (2.5   )%               2.5   %
total operating income before depreciation and amortization            $6,414                $5,588                $4,732                  14.8    %              18.1   %
percentage changes that are considered not meaningful are denoted with nm.
(a)                                                  as disclosed in note 11 to the comcast consolidated financial statements, nbcuniversal changed its method of accounting for a contractual obligation that involves an interest in the revenue of certain theme parks. as a result of the change, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015, amounts payable based on current period revenue are presented in operating costs and expenses. amounts paid through the third quarter of 2015 were included in other income (expense), net in our consolidated statement of income. for segment reporting purposes, we have adjusted periods prior to the fourth quarter of 2015 to reflect this expense on a consistent basis for all periods in the theme parks segment, which resulted in an offsetting adjustment in nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations.
cable networks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2015              2014              2013                     % change               % change
operating costs and expenses programming and production                                        4,319             4,241             3,850               1.8                   10.2
other operating and administrative                                1,270             1,232             1,342               3.1                   (8.3   )
advertising, marketing and promotion                                540               501               508               7.7                   (1.3   )
total operating costs and expenses                                6,129             5,974             5,700               2.6                    4.8
operating income before depreciation and amortization            $3,499            $3,589            $3,501              (2.5   )%               2.5   %
cable networks segment – revenue distribution distribution revenue is generated from distribution agreements with multichannel video providers and is affected by the number of subscribers receiving our cable networks and the fees we charge per subscriber.
distribution revenue increased in 2015 primarily due to increases in the contractual rates charged under distribution agreements which were partially due to the premiere of nascar programming on the nbc sports
53      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k network in 2015. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in revenue from the decline in subscribers at some of our cable networks. distribution revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics and increases in contractual rates charged under distribution agreements. excluding $177 million of revenue associated with the 2014 sochi olympics, distribution revenue increased 6.5% and 4.6% in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our cable networks and related digital media properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we charge for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our cable networks’ programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the success and ratings of our programming, the strength of the national advertising market, general economic conditions, and cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising. audience ratings at some of our cable networks have declined and may continue to decline as the number of programming choices continues to increase and as more viewers use dvrs and video on demand services to view content outside of audience ratings measurement periods.
advertising revenue decreased in 2015 primarily due to revenue in the prior year associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. in addition, while we continued to experience audience ratings declines that negatively affected advertising revenue, the impact of audience ratings was partially offset by higher prices for, and an increase in the volume of, advertising units sold, as well as increased advertising revenue associated with the broadcast of nascar programming. advertising revenue decreased slightly in 2014 primarily due to continued declines in audience ratings at our cable networks and the absence of the style network and fandango in 2014. in 2014, we began presenting the operations of fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business, in the filmed entertainment segment. the decrease was partially offset by higher prices for, and an increase in the volume of, advertising units sold and our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. excluding $80 million of revenue associated with the 2014 sochi olympics, advertising revenue increased slightly in 2015 due to the broadcast of nascar programming and decreased 3.5% in 2014 due to continued declines in audience ratings at our cable networks.
content licensing and other we generate other revenue primarily from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to cable and broadcast networks and subscription video on demand services, as well as from the sale of our owned programming through digital distribution services such as itunes. in addition, our cable television production generates revenue from programming it produces for third-party networks and subscription video on demand services.
content licensing and other revenue decreased in 2015 primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements. content licensing and other revenue remained flat in 2014.
in 2015, 2014 and 2013, 13%, 12% and 13%, respectively, of our cable networks segment revenue was generated from our cable communications segment. these amounts are eliminated in comcast’s consolidated financial statements but are included in the amounts presented above.
cable networks segment – operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs increased in 2015 primarily due to our continued investment in programming, including the premiere of nascar programming and other sports programming rights costs. these increases were partially offset by costs in the prior year associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. programming and production costs increased in 2014 primarily due to costs associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, as well as our continued investment in programming, including original programming at our entertainment networks and sports programming rights costs. the increase in sports programming rights costs in 2014 included the impact of a new rights agreement with a professional sports team and costs associated with the first full year of our airing of english premier league soccer.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses increased in 2015 primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. other operating and administrative costs and expenses decreased in 2014 primarily due to lower employee-related costs and the absence of the style network and fandango in 2014.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our cable networks programming and costs associated with our related digital media properties.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2015 primarily due to an increase in marketing expenses related to the launch of new programming on our cable networks. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses remained relatively flat in 2014.
broadcast television segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2015              2014              2013                     % change               % change
operating costs and expenses programming and production                                        5,950             6,127             5,192              (2.9    )              18.0
other operating and administrative                                1,276             1,199             1,204               6.4                   (0.4   )
advertising, marketing and promotion                                524               482               379               8.9                   27.0
total operating costs and expenses                                7,750             7,808             6,775              (0.7    )              15.3
operating income before depreciation and amortization              $780              $734              $345               6.3    %             112.5   %
broadcast television segment – revenue advertising advertising revenue is generated from the sale of advertising units sold on our broadcast networks, our owned local television stations and our related digital media properties. advertising revenue is primarily based on the price we receive for each advertising unit, which is generally based on audience ratings and the value of our viewer demographics to advertisers, and the number of advertising units we can place in our broadcast
55      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k networks’ and owned local television stations’ programming schedules. advertising revenue is affected by the strength of the national and local advertising markets, general economic conditions, cyclicality related to political campaigns and issue-oriented advertising, and the success and ratings of our programming.
advertising revenue decreased in 2015 primarily due to revenue in the prior year associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, which was partially offset by an increase in advertising revenue in the current year associated with our broadcast of the 2015 super bowl. advertising revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. excluding $730 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics and $376 million of revenue associated with our broadcast of the 2015 super bowl, revenue increased 4.1% and 4.6% in 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily due to higher prices and increases in the volume of advertising units sold.
content licensing content licensing revenue is generated from the licensing of our owned programming in the united states and internationally to various distribution platforms, including to cable and broadcast networks, as well as to subscription video on demand services. in addition, our broadcast television production studio develops and produces original content that it licenses to broadcast networks, cable networks and local broadcast television stations owned by us and third parties, as well as to subscription video on demand services. the production and distribution costs related to our owned programming generally exceed the revenue generated from the initial network license, which means the subsequent licensing of our owned programming series following the initial network license is critical to their financial success.
content licensing revenue increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements.
other we generate other revenue primarily from fees for retransmission consent of our owned local broadcast television stations and associated fees received from nbc-affiliated local broadcast television stations, as well as from the sale of our owned programming on dvd and through digital distribution services. the sale of our owned programming is driven primarily by the popularity of our broadcast networks and programming series and therefore fluctuates based on consumer spending and acceptance. other revenue also includes distribution revenue associated with our periodic broadcasts of the olympic games.
other revenue decreased in 2015 primarily due to distribution revenue in the prior year that was associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. the decrease was partially offset by an increase in fees recognized under our retransmission consent agreements, as well as new syndication agreements entered into in 2015. other revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to $116 million of distribution revenue that was associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics.
broadcast television segment – operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs relate to content originating on our broadcast networks and owned local broadcast television stations, as well as owned content that is licensed to third parties. these costs include the amortization of owned and acquired programming costs, sports rights, direct production costs, residual and participation payments, production overhead, costs associated with the distribution of our programming to third-party networks and other distribution platforms, and on-air talent costs.
programming and production costs decreased in 2015 primarily due to costs in the prior year associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics. the decrease was partially offset by costs associated with our comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k   56
broadcast of the 2015 super bowl, the timing of content provided under our licensing agreements and higher studio production costs. programming and production costs increased in 2014 primarily due to costs associated with our broadcast of the 2014 sochi olympics, as well as our continued investment in original programming.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative costs increased in 2015 primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs. other operating and administrative costs and expenses remained flat in 2014.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of the costs associated with promoting our owned and licensed television programming, as well as the marketing of dvds and costs associated with our related digital media properties.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increased spending on marketing associated with our nbc primetime lineup.
filmed entertainment segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2015              2014              2013                     % change              % change
operating costs and expenses programming and production                                        3,488             2,331             2,982              49.6                 (21.8    )
other operating and administrative                                  872               849               716               2.8                  18.5
advertising, marketing and promotion                              1,693             1,117             1,271              51.7                 (12.2    )
total operating costs and expenses                                6,053             4,297             4,969              40.9                 (13.5    )
operating income before depreciation and amortization            $1,234              $711              $483              73.5   %              47.3    %
filmed entertainment segment – revenue theatrical theatrical revenue is generated from the worldwide theatrical release of our owned and acquired films for exhibition in movie theaters and is significantly affected by the timing of each release and the number of films we distribute, as well as their acceptance by audiences. theatrical revenue is also affected by the number of exhibition screens, ticket prices, the percentage of ticket sale retention by the exhibitors and the popularity of competing films at the time our films are released. the success of a film in movie theaters is a significant factor in determining the revenue a film is likely to generate in succeeding distribution platforms.
theatrical revenue increased in 2015 primarily due to the strong performance of our larger 2015 film slate, including furious 7, jurassic world and minions. theatrical revenue decreased in 2014 primarily due to the
57      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k strong performance of our major films in 2013, including despicable me 2 and fast and furious 6. the decrease in theatrical revenue in 2014 was partially offset by the performance of our 2014 releases, including lucy and neighbors.
content licensing content licensing revenue is generated primarily from the licensing of our owned and acquired films to cable, broadcast and premium networks, as well as to subscription video on demand services.
content licensing revenue increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to the timing of when content was made available under licensing agreements.
home entertainment home entertainment revenue is generated from the sale of our owned and acquired films on dvds to retail stores, rental kiosks and subscription by mail services, and in digital formats. home entertainment revenue is significantly affected by the timing and number of our releases and their acceptance by consumers. release dates are determined by several factors, including the timing of the exhibition of a film in movie theaters, holiday periods and the timing of competitive releases. the overall dvd market continues to experience declines due to the maturation of the standard-definition dvd format, increasing shifts in consumer behavior toward digital distribution services, and subscription rental services, all of which generate less revenue per transaction than dvd sales, as well as due to piracy.
home entertainment revenue increased in 2015 primarily due to the strong performance of our 2015 releases, including minions and jurassic world. home entertainment revenue decreased in 2014 primarily due to the strong performance of our 2013 releases, including despicable me 2 and fast and furious 6.
other we also generate revenue from producing and licensing live stage plays, from distributing filmed entertainment produced by third parties, and from fandango, our movie ticketing and entertainment business.
other revenue increased in 2015 primarily due to an increase in revenue generated from fandango. other revenue increased in 2014 primarily due to the inclusion of fandango, which was previously presented in our cable networks segment.
filmed entertainment segment – operating costs and expenses programming and production costs programming and production costs include the amortization of capitalized film production and acquisition costs, residual and participation payments, and distribution expenses. residual payments represent amounts payable to certain of our employees, including freelance and temporary employees, who are represented by labor unions or guilds and are based on post-theatrical revenue. participation payments are primarily based on film performance and represent contingent consideration payable to creative talent, third parties that have entered into cofinancing agreements with us and other parties involved in the production of a film.
programming and production costs increased in 2015 primarily due to higher amortization of film production costs associated with our larger 2015 film slate, including furious 7, jurassic world and minions. programming and production costs decreased in 2014 primarily due to lower amortization of film costs associated with the lower costs of our 2014 film slate compared to 2013.
other operating and administrative costs and expenses other operating and administrative costs and expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other overhead expenses.
other operating and administrative expenses increased slightly in 2015 due to increased expenses associated with our larger film slate. other operating and administrative expenses increased in 2014 primarily due to the inclusion of fandango, which was previously presented in our cable networks segment.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses advertising, marketing and promotion expenses consist primarily of expenses associated with advertising for our theatrical releases and the marketing of our films on dvd and in digital formats. we incur significant marketing expenses before and throughout the release of a film in movie theaters. as a result, we typically incur losses on a film prior to and during the film’s exhibition in movie theaters and may not realize profits, if any, until the film generates home entertainment and content licensing revenue. the costs associated with producing and marketing films have generally increased in recent years and may continue to increase in the future.
advertising, marketing and promotion expenses increased in 2015 primarily due to higher promotional costs associated with our larger 2015 film slate and increased advertising expenses for fandango. advertising, marketing and promotion expenses decreased in 2014 primarily due to fewer major film releases compared to 2013.
theme parks segment results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2015              2014              2013                     % change              % change
operating costs and expenses                                      1,875             1,527             1,292              22.8                  18.1
operating income before depreciation and amortization            $1,464            $1,096              $943              33.5   %              16.3   %
theme parks segment – revenue in 2015, our theme parks segment revenue was generated primarily from ticket sales and guest spending at our universal theme parks in orlando, florida and hollywood, california, as well as from licensing and other fees. in november 2015, nbcuniversal acquired a 51% interest in universal studios japan. guest spending includes in-park spending on food, beverages and merchandise. guest attendance at our theme parks and guest spending depend heavily on the general environment for travel and tourism, including consumer spending on travel and other recreational activities. licensing and other fees relate primarily to our agreements with third parties that own and operate the universal studios singapore theme park, as well as from the universal studios japan theme park, to license the right to use the universal studios brand name and other intellectual property.
theme parks segment revenue increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increases in guest attendance and increases in guest spending at our orlando and hollywood theme parks. the increase in 2015 was primarily due to the continued success of our attractions, including the wizarding world of harry potter™ — diagon alley™ in orlando and the fast & furious™ — supercharged™ studio tour and the simpson’s springfield attraction in hollywood, both of which opened in 2015. in addition, theme parks segment revenue in 2015 includes $169 million of revenue attributable to universal studios japan for the period from november 13, 2015 to december 31, 2015. the increase in 2014 was primarily due to new attractions, such as the wizarding world of harry potter™ — diagon alley™ in orlando, which opened in july 2014, and despicable me: minion mayhem in hollywood.
59      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k theme parks segment – operating costs and expenses our theme parks segment operating costs and expenses consist primarily of theme park operations, including repairs and maintenance and related administrative expenses; food, beverage and merchandise costs; labor costs; and sales and marketing costs.
theme parks segment operating costs and expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to additional costs at our orlando and hollywood theme parks associated with newer attractions, such as the fast furious™ — supercharged™ studio tour in hollywood in 2015 and the wizarding world of harry potter™ — diagon alley™ in orlando in 2014 and increases in food, beverage and merchandise costs associated with the increases in attendance in both years. operating costs and expenses also increased in 2015 due to $89 million of operating costs and expenses attributable to universal studios japan and $22 million of transaction costs related to our development of a theme park in china.
nbcuniversal headquarters, other and eliminations headquarters and other operating costs and expenses incurred by our nbcuniversal businesses include overhead, personnel costs and costs associated with corporate initiatives. operating costs and expenses increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to higher employee-related costs, including severance costs in 2014.
corporate and other results of operations year ended december 31 (in millions)                  2015                 2014                 2013                        % change               % change
operating costs and expenses                                   1,664                1,487                1,089                  11.9                   36.5
operating loss before depreciation and amortization            $(898   )            $(778   )            $(489   )             (15.5   )%             (59.1   )%
corporate and other – revenue other revenue primarily relates to comcast spectacor, which owns the philadelphia flyers and the wells fargo center arena in philadelphia, pennsylvania and operates arena management-related businesses.
other revenue increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increases in revenue from food and other services associated with new contracts entered into by one of our comcast spectacor businesses. the increase in other revenue in 2014 was also due to an increase in revenue associated with newly acquired businesses.
corporate and other – operating costs and expenses corporate and other operating costs and expenses primarily include overhead, personnel costs, the costs of corporate initiatives and branding, and operating costs and expenses associated with comcast spectacor.
excluding transaction costs associated with the time warner cable merger and related divestiture transactions of $178 million and $237 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased 19% in 2015. this was primarily due to $56 million of expenses related to a contract settlement, an increase in expenses related to corporate strategic business initiatives and an increase in operating costs and expenses at comcast spectacor primarily associated with new contracts entered into by one of its businesses. corporate and other operating costs and expenses increased in 2014 primarily due to $237 million of transaction-related costs associated with the time warner cable merger and related divestiture transactions, as well as an increase in operating costs and expenses associated with new contracts entered into by one of our comcast spectacor businesses.
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net             (325   )               97                  (86   )
interest expense interest expense increased in 2015 primarily due to an increase in our debt outstanding and $47 million of additional interest expense associated with the early redemption in june 2015 of our $750 million aggregate principal amount of 5.85% senior notes due november 2015 and our $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.90% senior notes due march 2016. interest expense increased in 2014 primarily due to the effect of our interest rate derivative financial instruments.
investment income (loss), net the change in investment income (loss), net in 2015 was primarily due to a $154 million gain related to the sale of our shares of arris group common stock in 2014. the change in investment income (loss), net in 2014 was primarily due to a $443 million gain related to the sale of our investment in clearwire corporation in 2013. the components of investment income (loss), net are presented in a table in note 7 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements.
equity in net income (losses) of investees, net the change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2015 was primarily due to twcc holding corp. (“the weather channel”) recording impairment charges related to goodwill. we recorded expenses of $333 million in 2015 that represent nbcuniversal’s proportionate share of these impairment charges. the change in 2015 was also due to an increase in our proportionate share of losses in hulu, llc (“hulu”), which were driven by hulu’s higher programming and marketing costs. in 2015 and 2014, we recognized our proportionate share of losses of $106 million and $20 million, respectively, related to our investment in hulu.
the change in equity in net income (losses) of investees, net in 2014 was primarily due to $142 million of total equity losses recorded in 2013 attributable to our investment in hulu. in july 2013, we entered into an agreement to provide capital contributions totaling $247 million to hulu, which we had previously accounted for as a cost method investment. this represented an agreement to provide our first capital contribution to hulu since we acquired our interest in it as part of our acquisition of a controlling interest in nbcuniversal in 2011 (the “nbcuniversal transaction”); therefore, we began to apply the equity method of accounting for this investment. the change in the method of accounting for this investment required us to recognize our proportionate share of hulu’s accumulated losses from the date of the nbcuniversal transaction through july 2013.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net for 2015 included gains of $335 million on the sales of a business and an investment, $240 million recorded on the settlement of a contingent consideration liability with general electric company (“ge”) related to the acquisition of nbcuniversal, and $43 million related to an equity method investment. these gains were partially offset by $236 million of expenses related to fair value adjustments to a contractual obligation. see note 11 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements for additional information on this contractual obligation.
other income (expense), net for 2014 included a $27 million favorable settlement of a contingency related to the at&t broadband transaction in 2002, which was more than offset by $208 million of expenses related to
61      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k fair value adjustments to contractual obligations and $35 million of expenses related to an indemnification receivable associated with the adjustment to our accruals for uncertain tax positions.
other income (expense), net for 2013 included a $108 million gain related to our sale of wireless communications spectrum licenses, which was more than offset by the net impact of an impairment of $236 million of our equity method investment in, and loans with, a regional sports cable network based in houston, texas and $136 million of expenses related to fair value adjustments to contractual obligations.
consolidated income tax expense income tax expense reflects federal and state income taxes and adjustments associated with uncertain tax positions. our effective income tax rate in 2015, 2014 and 2013 was 37.1%, 31.1% and 35.8%, respectively.
in 2014, we reduced our accruals for uncertain tax positions and the related accrued interest on these tax positions and, as a result, our income tax expense decreased by $759 million. see note 15 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements for additional information on the changes in our accruals for uncertain tax positions and related interest on these tax positions. our 2013 income tax expense was reduced by $158 million due to the nontaxable portion of the increase in tax basis associated with the redemption of our liberty media series a common stock in october 2013.
our income tax expense in the future may continue to be impacted by adjustments to uncertain tax positions and related interest, and changes in tax laws. we expect our 2016 annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 37% to 39%, absent changes in tax laws or significant changes in uncertain tax positions.
consolidated net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock the increase in net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable subsidiary preferred stock in 2015 was primarily due to nbcuniversal’s acquisition of universal studios japan. the decrease in 2014 was primarily due to the nbcuniversal redemption transaction.
liquidity and capital resources our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities. we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements, including fixed charges, through our cash flows from operating activities; existing cash, cash equivalents and investments; available borrowings under our existing credit facilities; and our ability to obtain future external financing. we anticipate that we will continue to use a substantial portion of our cash flows to meet our debt repayment obligations, to fund our capital expenditures, to invest in business opportunities and to return capital to shareholders.
we also maintain significant availability under our lines of credit and our commercial paper programs to meet our short-term liquidity requirements.
our commercial paper programs provide a lower-cost source of borrowing to fund our short-term working capital requirements. the comcast commercial paper program is fully and unconditionally guaranteed by us and our 100% owned cable holding company subsidiary, comcast cable communications, llc (“cccl parent”), as well as by nbcuniversal. the maximum borrowing capacity under the comcast commercial paper program is $6.25 billion, and it is supported by the comcast and comcast cable communications, llc $6.25 billion revolving credit facility due june 2017 (“comcast revolving credit facility”). the maximum borrowing capacity under the nbcuniversal enterprise, inc. (“nbcuniversal enterprise”) commercial paper program is $1.35 billion, and it is supported by nbcuniversal enterprise’s $1.35 billion revolving credit facility due march 2018.
as of december 31, 2015, amounts available under our consolidated revolving credit facilities, net of amounts outstanding under our commercial paper programs and outstanding letters of credit, totaled $6.4 billion, which included $775 million available under the nbcuniversal enterprise revolving credit facility.
we, nbcuniversal and cccl parent are subject to the covenants and restrictions set forth in the indentures governing our public debt securities and in the credit agreements governing the comcast revolving credit facility. the only financial covenant is in this credit facility and pertains to leverage, which is the ratio of debt to operating income before depreciation and amortization, as defined in the credit facility. we test for compliance with the financial covenant for this credit facility on an ongoing basis. as of december 31, 2015, we met this financial covenant by a significant margin. we do not expect to have to reduce debt or improve operating results in order to continue to comply with this financial covenant. in addition, as a result of the acquisition of universal studios japan, we consolidated approximately ¥400 billion (approximately $3.3 billion as of december 31, 2015) in term loans that contain certain financial covenants. as of december 31, 2015, universal studios japan was in compliance with all of these covenants.
in 2015, we entered into an agreement to establish atairos group, inc., a new, strategic company focused on investing in and operating growth-oriented companies, both domestically and internationally. the agreement became effective as of january 1, 2016 and michael j. angelakis, who served as our chief financial officer through june 30, 2015, now serves as the chairman and chief executive officer of atairos. under the agreement, we are the exclusive non-management investor. atairos has a term of up to 12 years. we are committed to invest up to $4 billion at any one time in the company, subject to certain offsets, and $40 million annually to fund a management fee, subject to certain adjustments. we will account for our investment in this company under the equity method of accounting.
operating activities components of net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31 (in millions)                    2015                   2014                   2013
operating income                                                 $15,998                $14,904                $13,563
operating income before depreciation and amortization             24,678                 22,923                 21,434
termination of receivables monetization programs                       —                      —                 (1,442   )
changes in operating assets and liabilities                         (267   )               (357   )                 93
cash basis operating income                                       24,978                 23,079                 20,504
payments of interest                                              (2,443   )             (2,389   )             (2,355   )
payments of income taxes                                          (3,726   )             (3,668   )             (3,946   )
excess tax benefits under share-based compensation                  (282   )               (267   )               (205   )
net cash provided by operating activities                        $18,778                $16,945                $14,160
the changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2015 compared to the changes in 2014 were primarily related to the timing of film and television production spending and related costs, net of amortization, the timing of payments related to our accounts payable and accrued expenses related to trade creditors and increases in deferred revenue associated with our olympics broadcasts, partially offset by the timing of collections on our receivables.
the changes in operating assets and liabilities in 2014 compared to the changes in 2013 were primarily due to the timing of film and television production spending and related costs, net of amortization of approximately $600 million.
63      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k interest payments increased in 2015 primarily due to a higher level of debt outstanding. interest payments remained relatively flat in 2014.
the increase in income tax payments in 2015 was primarily due to higher taxable income from operations offset by the timing of certain tax deductions. the decrease in income tax payments in 2014 was primarily due to the settlement of tax disputes and the repatriation of foreign earnings in 2013. the decrease was partially offset by higher taxable income from operations and the net impact of the economic stimulus legislation in 2014. we expect income tax payments to increase in 2016 primarily due to higher taxable income from operations.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2015 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, intangible assets, acquisitions and the purchases of investments, which was partially offset by proceeds from the sales of businesses and investments. net cash used in investing activities in 2014 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures and intangible assets. net cash used in investing activities in 2013 consisted primarily of cash paid for capital expenditures, acquisitions and construction of real estate properties, purchases of investments, and cash paid for intangible assets.
capital expenditures our most significant recurring investing activity has been capital expenditures in our cable communications segment, and we expect that this will continue in the future. the table below summarizes the capital expenditures we incurred in our cable communications segment in 2015, 2014 and 2013.
cable distribution system                       $2,424            $2,047            $1,819
customer premise equipment                       3,698             3,397             2,990
cable communications capital expenditures increased in 2015 and 2014 primarily due to increased spending on customer premise equipment related to our x1 platform and wireless gateways, our continued investment in network infrastructure to increase network capacity, increased investment in support capital as we expand our cloud-based initiatives, and our continued investment to expand business services.
capital expenditures in our nbcuniversal segments increased 13.5% to $1.4 billion in 2015 and 5.3% to $1.2 billion in 2014 primarily due to continued investment in our universal theme parks, including a purchase of land in 2015.
our capital expenditures for 2016 are focused on the continued deployment of our x1 platform and cloud dvr technology, acceleration of wireless gateways, network infrastructure to increase network capacity, and the expansion of business services. capital expenditures for subsequent years will depend on numerous factors, including acquisitions, competition, changes in technology, regulatory changes, the timing and rate of deployment of new services, and the capacity required for existing services. in addition, we expect to continue to invest in existing and new attractions at our universal theme parks. we are developing a universal theme park in beijing, china. we expect the development of this park to continue in 2016.
cash paid for intangible assets in 2015, 2014 and 2013, cash paid for intangible assets consisted primarily of expenditures for software.
acquisitions and construction of real estate properties acquisitions and construction of real estate properties in 2015 and 2014 include our investment in the construction of the comcast innovation and technology center located in philadelphia, pennsylvania. in 2013, acquisitions and construction of real estate properties included nbcuniversal’s purchases of the 30 rockefeller plaza properties it occupies and the property located at 10 universal city plaza, which is adjacent to universal studios hollywood in university city, california, and our purchase of an 80% interest in a business whose primary asset is our corporate headquarters located in philadelphia, pennsylvania.
acquisitions, net of cash acquired in november 2015, nbcuniversal acquired a 51% interest in universal studios japan for $1.5 billion. the acquisition was funded through cash on hand and borrowings under our commercial paper program.
proceeds from sales of businesses and investments in 2015, proceeds from sales of businesses and investments were primarily related to the sale of our investment in tv one, llc and the sale of a business, cti towers. in 2014, proceeds from sales of businesses and investments were primarily related to the sale of our investment in arris group and the sale of equity securities following the settlement of certain of our prepaid forward sale agreements. in 2013, proceeds from sales of businesses and investments were primarily related to the redemption of our liberty media series a common stock by liberty media corporation and the sale of our investment in clearwire.
purchases of investments our purchases of investments in 2015 were primarily related to nbcuniversal’s investments in vox media, inc. and buzzfeed, inc. our purchases of investments in 2014 were not significant. in 2013, our purchases of investments were primarily related to equity securities that were held as collateral for our prepaid forward sale agreements.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities consisted primarily of repurchases of our common stock, repayments of debt and dividend payments, which were partially offset by proceeds from new borrowings. proceeds from borrowings fluctuate from year to year based on the amounts paid to fund acquisitions and debt repayments.
we have made, and may from time to time in the future make, optional repayments on our debt obligations, which may include repurchases of our outstanding public notes and debentures, depending on various factors, such as market conditions. see note 10 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements for additional information on our financing activities, including details of our debt repayments and borrowings.
share repurchases and dividends in 2015, we repurchased a total of 116 million shares of our class a special and class a common stock for $6.75 billion. effective january 1, 2016, our board of directors increased our share repurchase program authorization to a total of $10 billion, which does not have an expiration date. under the authorization, we may repurchase shares in the open market or in private transactions. we expect to repurchase $5 billion of our class a common stock during 2016, subject to market conditions.
our board of directors declared quarterly dividends totaling $2.5 billion in 2015. we paid dividends of $2.4 billion in 2015. in january 2016, our board of directors approved an 10.0% increase in our dividend to $1.10 per share on an annualized basis and approved our first quarter dividend of $0.275 per share to be paid in april 2016. we expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends, although each dividend is subject to approval by our board of directors.
65      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k the table below sets forth information on our share repurchases and dividends paid in 2015, 2014 and 2013.
contractual obligations payment due by period as of december 31, 2015 (in millions)                                   total                 year 1               years 2-3              years 4-5              more than 5
capital lease obligations                                                 156                     30                      47                     39                       40
operating lease obligations                                             3,459                    452                     782                    608                    1,617
refer to note 10 and note 17 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements.
(b)                                                purchase obligations consist of agreements to purchase goods and services that are legally binding on us and specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased and price provisions. our purchase obligations related to our cable communications segment include programming contracts with cable networks and local broadcast television stations; contracts with customer premise equipment manufacturers, communications vendors and multichannel video providers for which we provide advertising sales representation; and other contracts entered into in the normal course of business. cable communications programming contracts in the table above include amounts payable under fixed or minimum guaranteed commitments and do not represent the total fees that are expected to be paid under programming contracts, which we expect to be significantly higher because these contracts are generally based on the number of subscribers receiving the programming. our purchase obligations related to our nbcuniversal segments consist primarily of commitments to acquire film and television programming, including u.s. television rights to future olympic games through 2032, sunday night football on the nbc network through the 2022-23 season, including the super bowl in 2018 and 2021, nhl games through the 2020-21 season, spanish-language u.s. television rights to fifa world cup games through 2022, u.s television rights to english premier league soccer games through the 2021-22 season, certain pga tour and other golf events through 2030 and certain nascar events through 2024, as well as obligations under various creative talent and employment agreements, including obligations to actors, producers, television personalities and executives, and various other television commitments. purchase obligations do not include contracts with immaterial future commitments.
(c)                                                 other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet consist primarily of subsidiary preferred shares; deferred compensation obligations; and pension, postretirement and postemployment benefit obligations. a contractual obligation with a carrying value of $1.1 billion is not included in the table above because it is uncertain if the arrangement will be settled. the contractual obligation involves an interest held by a third party in the revenue of certain theme parks. the arrangement provides the counterparty with the right to periodic payments associated with current period revenue and, beginning in 2017, the option to require nbcuniversal to purchase the interest for cash in an amount based on a contractually specified formula, which amount could be significantly higher than our current carrying value. see note 11 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements for additional information related to this arrangement. reserves for uncertain tax positions of $1.1 billion are not included in the table above because it is uncertain if and when these reserves will become payable. payments of $2.1 billion of participations and residuals are also not included in the table above because we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period in which these obligations will be settled.
(d)                                                   our contractual obligations do not include the commitment to invest up to $4 billion at any one time as an investor in atairos due to our inability to estimate the timing of this funding. in addition, we do not include any future expenditures related to the construction and development of the proposed universal studios theme park in beijing, china as we are not currently obligated to make such funding.
(e)   total contractual obligations are made up of the following components.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, we did not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 to each of comcast’s and nbcuniversal’s consolidated financial statements for additional information related to recent accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting judgments and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and contingent liabilities. we base our judgments on our historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making estimates about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
we believe our judgments and related estimates associated with the valuation and impairment testing of our cable franchise rights and the accounting for film and television costs are critical in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting judgments and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed our disclosures relating to them, which are presented below. see notes 9 and 6 to comcast’s consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our accounting policies with respect to these items.
valuation and impairment testing of cable franchise rights our largest asset, our cable franchise rights, results from agreements we have with state and local governments that allow us to construct and operate a cable business within a specified geographic area. the value of a franchise is derived from the economic benefits we receive from the right to solicit new customers and to market new services, such as advanced video services and high-speed internet and voice services, in a particular service area. the amounts we record for cable franchise rights are primarily a result of cable system acquisitions. typically when we acquire a cable system, the most significant asset we record is the value of the cable franchise rights. often these cable system acquisitions include multiple franchise areas. we currently serve approximately 6,400 franchise areas in the united states.
we have concluded that our cable franchise rights have an indefinite useful life since there are no legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors which limit the period over which these rights will contribute to our cash flows. accordingly, we do not amortize our cable franchise rights but assess the carrying value of our cable franchise rights annually, or more frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may exceed the fair value (“impairment testing”).
67      comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k for the purpose of our impairment testing, we have grouped the recorded values of our various cable franchise rights into our three cable communications divisions or units of account. we evaluate the unit of account periodically to ensure our impairment testing is performed at an appropriate level.
the annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangibles allows for the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible is less than its carrying amount. an entity may choose to perform the qualitative assessment or an entity may bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to the quantitative impairment test. if it is determined, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible is, more likely than not, less than its carrying value, the quantitative impairment test is required. when performing a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of our cable franchise rights primarily based on a discounted cash flow analysis that involves significant judgment. when analyzing the fair values indicated under the discounted cash flow models, we also consider multiples of operating income before depreciation and amortization generated by the underlying assets, current market transactions and profitability information.
in 2015, we performed a qualitative assessment of our cable franchise rights. we considered various factors that would affect the estimated fair values of our cable franchise rights, including changes in our projected future cash flows associated with our cable communications segment; market transactions and macroeconomic conditions; and also the 8% increase in our market capitalization since we performed our 2014 quantitative assessment. in addition, we considered the results of our 2014 quantitative assessment, in which the estimated fair values of our franchise rights exceeded the carrying value in our three cable communications divisions by 26%, 42% and 50%, respectively. we also compared our weighted-average cost of capital in 2015 to that used in our 2014 quantitative assessment and it had remained relatively consistent. based on our 2015 qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the estimated fair values of our franchise rights were higher than our carrying values and that the performance of a quantitative impairment test was not required.
since the adoption of the accounting guidance related to goodwill and intangible assets in 2002, we have not recorded any significant impairment charges to cable franchise rights as a result of our impairment testing. a future change in the unit of account could result in the recognition of an impairment charge.
we could also record impairment charges in the future if there are changes in long-term market conditions, in expected future operating results, or in federal or state regulations that prevent us from recovering the carrying value of these cable franchise rights. assumptions made about increased competition and economic conditions could also impact the results of any qualitative assessment and the valuations used in future annual quantitative impairment testing and result in a reduction in the fair values of our cable franchise rights.
film and television costs we capitalize film and television production costs, including direct costs, production overhead, print costs, development costs and interest. we amortize capitalized film and television production costs, including acquired libraries, and accrue costs associated with participation and residual payments to programming and production expenses. we generally record the amortization and the accrued costs using the individual film forecast computation method, which amortizes such costs using the ratio of the current period’s revenue to estimated total remaining gross revenue from all sources (“ultimate revenue”). estimates of ultimate revenue have a significant impact on how quickly capitalized costs are amortized and, therefore, are updated regularly.
our estimates of ultimate revenue for films generally include revenue from all sources that are expected to be earned within 10 years from the date of a film’s initial release. these estimates are based on the historical performance of similar content, as well as factors unique to the content itself. the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue for a film intended for theatrical release is the film’s theatrical comcast 2015 annual report on form 10-k   68
performance, as subsequent revenue from the licensing and sale of a film has historically exhibited a high correlation to its theatrical performance. upon a film’s release, our estimates of revenue from succeeding markets, including home entertainment and other distribution platforms, are revised based on historical relationships and an analysis of current market trends.
with respect to television series or other owned television programming, the most sensitive factor affecting our estimate of ultimate revenue is whether the series can be successfully licensed beyond its initial license. initial estimates of ultimate revenue are limited to the amount of revenue contracted for each episode under the initial license. once it is determined that a television series or other owned television programming can be licensed for subsequent platforms, revenue estimates for these platforms, such as u.s. and international syndication, home entertainment, and other distribution platforms, are included in ultimate revenue. revenue estimates for produced episodes include revenue expected to be earned within 10 years of delivery of the initial episode or, if still in production, 5 years from the delivery of the most recent episode, if later.
we capitalize the costs of programming content that we license but do not own, including rights to multiyear, live-event sports programming, at the earlier of when payments are made for the programming or when the license period begins and the content is available for use. we amortize capitalized programming costs as the associated programs are broadcast. we amortize multiyear, live-event sports programming rights using the ratio of the current period revenue to the estimated ultimate revenue or under the terms of the contract.
capitalized film and television costs, as well as stage play production costs, are subject to impairment testing when certain triggering events are identified. if the fair value of a production were to fall below its unamortized cost, we would record an adjustment for the amount by which the unamortized capitalized costs exceed the production’s fair value. the fair value assessment is generally based on estimated future discounted cash flows, which are supported by our internal forecasts. adjustments to capitalized film and stage play production costs of $42 million, $26 million and $167 million were recorded in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.