item 1a. risk factors you should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k. each of these risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition, as well as adversely affect the value of an investment in our common stock.
our operating results, our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices.
prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng can fluctuate widely. globally, prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng have recently experienced significant declines from their historic levels during 2013 and 2014, with continued global production increases that have outpaced demand growth, leading to a large observed rise in global inventory. prices for brent crude oil, wti crude oil, henry hub natural gas and natural gas liquids in the fourth quarter of 2015 have all declined more than 40 percent when compared with prices in the fourth quarter of 2014, and there are no indications the price declines will reverse themselves in the immediate future.
our revenues, operating results and future rate of growth are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng. the factors influencing these prices are beyond our control. lower crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng prices may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating income, cash flows and liquidity and on the amount of dividends we elect to declare and pay on our common stock. lower prices may also limit the amount of reserves we can produce economically, adversely affecting our ability to maintain our reserve replacement ratio and accelerating the reduction in our existing reserve levels as we continue production from upstream fields.
significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng prices could also require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets. during 2015, we recognized several impairments, which are described in note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements. if commodity prices remain low relative to their historic levels, and as we continue to optimize our investments and exercise capital flexibility, it is reasonably likely we will incur future impairments to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method and unproved properties. although it is not reasonably practicable to quantify the impact of any future impairments at this time, our results of operations could be adversely affected as a result.
dividends are authorized and determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion and depend upon a number of factors, including:
•   our results of operations and anticipated future results of operations.
•   our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital needs of our properties.
•   the level of reserves we establish for future capital expenditures.
•   the level of distributions paid by comparable companies.
•   our operating expenses.
•   other factors our board of directors deems relevant.
we expect to continue to pay quarterly distributions to our stockholders; however, we bear all expenses incurred by our operations, and our funds generated by operations, after deducting these expenses, may not be sufficient to cover desired levels of distributions to our stockholders. any downward revision in our distribution could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
we may need additional capital in the future, and it may not be available on acceptable terms.
we have historically relied primarily upon cash generated by our operations to fund our operations and strategy, however we have also relied from time to time on access to the debt and equity capital markets for funding. there can be no assurance that additional debt or equity financing will be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our operating performance, investor sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding debt. if we are unable to generate sufficient funds from operations or raise additional capital, our growth could be impeded.
in addition, we are regularly evaluated by the major rating agencies based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry generally. due to the significant recent decline in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, natural gas liquids and lng, and the expectation that these prices could remain depressed in the near future, the major ratings agencies have indicated they will be conducting a review of the oil and gas industry and the debt ratings for some companies operating in the industry may be downgraded. the results of these actions, including any downgrade in our credit rating, could increase the cost associated with any additional indebtedness we incur.
our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under our contracts with, third parties with whom we do business.
the operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with numerous counterparties operating in a variety of industries, including other companies operating in the oil and gas industry. these counterparties may default on their obligations to us as a result of operational failures or a lack of liquidity, or for other reasons, including bankruptcy. market speculation about the credit quality of these counterparties, or their ability to continue performing on their existing obligations, may also exacerbate any operational difficulties or liquidity issues they are experiencing, particularly as it relates to other companies in the oil and gas industry as a result of the recent significant declines in commodity prices. any default by any of our counterparties may result in our inability to perform obligations under agreements we have made with third parties or may otherwise adversely affect our business or results of operations. in addition, our rights against any of our counterparties as a result of a default may not be adequate to compensate us for the resulting harm caused or may not be enforceable at all in some circumstances.
unless we successfully add to our existing proved reserves, our future crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids production will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to our business.
the rate of production from upstream fields generally declines as reserves are depleted. except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration and development activities, or, through engineering studies, optimize production performance or identify additional or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline materially as we produce crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids. accordingly, to the extent we are unsuccessful in replacing the crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids we produce with good prospects for future production, our business will experience reduced cash flows and results of operations. any cash conservation efforts we may undertake as a result of commodity price declines may further limit our ability to replace depleted reserves.
any material change in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids reserves could impair the quantity and value of those reserves.
our proved reserve information included in this annual report has been derived from engineering estimates prepared by our personnel. reserve estimation is a process that involves estimating volumes to be recovered from underground accumulations of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids that cannot be directly measured. as a result, different petroleum engineers, each using industry-accepted geologic and engineering practices and scientific methods, may produce different estimates of reserves and future net cash flows based on the same available data. any significant future price changes could have a material effect on the quantity and present value of our proved reserves. any material changes in the factors and assumptions
underlying our estimates of these items could result in a material negative impact to the volume of reserves reported or could cause us to incur impairment expenses on property associated with the production of those reserves. future reserve revisions could also result from changes in, among other things, governmental regulation. in addition to changes in the quantity and value of our proved reserves, the amount of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids that can be obtained from any proved reserve may ultimately be different from those estimated prior to extraction.
we expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. likewise, future environmental laws and regulations, such as limitations on greenhouse gas emissions, may impact or limit our current business plans and reduce demand for our products.
our businesses are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. these laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to, among other things:
•   the discharge of pollutants into the environment.
•   the handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal and cleanup of hazardous materials and hazardous and nonhazardous wastes.
•   the dismantlement, abandonment and restoration of our properties and facilities at the end of their useful lives.
•   exploration and production activities in certain areas, such as offshore environments, arctic fields, oil sands reservoirs and tight oil plays.
we have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. to the extent these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods could be materially adversely affected.
although our business operations are designed and operated to accommodate expected climatic conditions, to the extent there are significant changes in the earth’s climate, such as more severe or frequent weather conditions in the markets we serve or the areas where our assets reside, we could incur increased expenses, our operations could be materially impacted, and demand for our products could fall. demand for our products may also be adversely affected by conservation plans and efforts undertaken in response to global climate change, including plans developed in connection with the recent paris climate conference in december 2015. many governments also provide, or may in the future provide, tax advantages and other subsidies to support the use and development of alternative energy technologies. our operations and the demand for our products could be materially impacted by the development and adoption of these technologies.
domestic and worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows.
actions of the u.s., state, local and foreign governments, through tax and other legislation, executive order and commercial restrictions, could reduce our operating profitability both in the united states and abroad. in certain locations, governments have imposed or proposed restrictions on our operations; special taxes or tax assessments; and payment transparency regulations that could require us to disclose competitively sensitive information or might cause us to violate non-disclosure laws of other countries. u.s. federal, state and local legislative and regulatory agencies’ initiatives regarding the hydraulic fracturing process could result in operating restrictions or delays in the completion of our oil and gas wells.
the u.s. government can also prevent or restrict us from doing business in foreign countries. these restrictions and those of foreign governments have in the past limited our ability to operate in, or gain access to, opportunities in various countries. actions by host governments have affected operations significantly in the past, such as the expropriation of our oil assets by the venezuelan government, and may continue to do so in the future. changes in domestic and international regulations may affect our ability to obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for drilling and development of wells or for construction of lng terminals or regasification facilities in various locations.
local political and economic factors in international markets could have a material adverse effect on us. approximately 54 percent of our hydrocarbon production from continuing operations was derived from production outside the united states in 2015, and 61 percent of our proved reserves, as of december 31, 2015, was located outside the united states. we are subject to risks associated with operations in international markets, including changes in foreign governmental policies relating to crude oil, natural gas, bitumen, natural gas liquids or lng pricing and taxation, other political, economic or diplomatic developments, changing political conditions and international monetary fluctuations. in particular, some countries where we operate lack well-developed legal systems or have not adopted clear legal and regulatory frameworks for oil and gas exploration and production. this lack of legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risks, including increased difficulty in enforcing our agreements in those jurisdictions and increased risks of adverse actions by local government authorities, such as expropriations.
changes in governmental regulations may impose price controls and limitations on production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids.
our operations are subject to extensive governmental regulations. from time to time, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production by restricting the rate of flow of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and natural gas liquids wells below actual production capacity. because legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, we cannot predict the effect of these requirements.
our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk.
we conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which we may share control with our joint venture partners. there is a risk our joint venture participants may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us, or our joint venture partners may be unable to meet their economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations alone. failure by us, or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations.
we do not insure against all potential losses; therefore, we could be harmed by unexpected liabilities and increased costs.
we maintain insurance against many, but not all, potential losses or liabilities arising from operating risks. as such, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover us against potential losses arising from such risks. uninsured losses and liabilities arising from operating risks could reduce the funds available to us for capital, exploration and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight.
the scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards and risks, including operational hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, crude oil spills, severe weather, geological events, labor disputes, terrorist attacks, sabotage, civil unrest or cyber attacks. our operations may also be adversely affected by unavailability, interruptions or accidents involving services or infrastructure required to develop, produce, process or transport our production, such as contract labor, drilling rigs, pipelines, railcars, tankers, barges or other infrastructure. our operations are subject to the additional hazards of pollution, releases of toxic gas and
other environmental hazards and risks. activities in deepwater areas may pose incrementally greater risks because of complex subsurface conditions such as higher reservoir pressures, water depths and metocean conditions. all such hazards could result in loss of human life, significant property and equipment damage, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, substantial losses to us and damage to our reputation. further, our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity.
our technologies, systems and networks may be subject to cybersecurity breaches. although we have experienced occasional, actual or attempted breaches of our cybersecurity, none of these breaches has had a material effect on our business, operations or reputation. if our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove to be insufficient, we could be adversely affected by having our business systems compromised, our proprietary information altered, lost or stolen, or our business operations disrupted. as cyber attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information systems and related infrastructure security vulnerabilities.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
management’s discussion and analysis is the company’s analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends that may affect future performance. it should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes, and supplemental oil and gas disclosures included elsewhere in this report. it contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company’s plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the “safe harbor” provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. the words “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “expect,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “effort,” “target” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. the company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws. readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company’s disclosures under the heading: “cautionary statement for the purposes of the ‘safe harbor’ provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995,” beginning on page 72.
due to discontinued operations reporting, income (loss) from continuing operations is more representative of conocophillips’ earnings. the terms “earnings” and “loss” as used in management’s discussion and analysis refer to income (loss) from continuing operations. for additional information, see note 3—discontinued operations, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
business environment and executive overview conocophillips is the world’s largest independent exploration and production (e&p) company, based on proved reserves and production of liquids and natural gas. headquartered in houston, texas, we have operations and activities in 21 countries. at december 31, 2015, we employed approximately 15,900 people worldwide and had total assets of $97.5 billion. our stock is listed on the new york stock exchange under the symbol “cop.”
basis of presentation effective november 1, 2015, the other international and historically presented europe segments were restructured to align with changes to our internal organization structure. the libya business was moved from the other international segment to the historically presented europe segment, which is now renamed europe and north africa. accordingly, results of operations for the other international and europe and north africa segments have been revised in all periods presented. there was no impact on our consolidated financial statements, and the impact on our segment presentation is immaterial. for additional information, see note 24—segment disclosures and related information, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
overview we are an independent e&p company focused on exploring for, developing and producing crude oil and natural gas globally. our diverse portfolio primarily includes resource-rich north american unconventional assets and oil sands assets in canada; lower-risk legacy assets in north america, europe, asia and australia; several major international developments; and an inventory of global conventional and unconventional exploration prospects.
the energy landscape changed dramatically in the past year. increased supply caused commodity prices to decline substantially. in december 2015, we announced a 2016 operating plan based on $7.7 billion of capital expenditures. this represented a reduction of 24 percent, compared to 2015 actual expenditures, sourced from the completion of several major projects, as well as deferrals, deflation capture and efficiencies across the portfolio.
in response to an outlook of lower prices in 2016 compared to 2015, as well as credit tightening across the industry, we revised our 2016 operating plan in february 2016, reducing our capital expenditures guidance by 17 percent, from $7.7 billion to $6.4 billion. we also reduced our quarterly dividend by 66 percent, to $0.25 per share. these actions, taken to maintain a strong balance sheet, will enable us to continue to deliver an investment offering of a competitive dividend, disciplined growth and financial strength. we also believe these actions position the company for success in a lower, more volatile price environment, with the flexibility to adjust to commodity price movements in the future.
key operating and financial summary significant items during 2015 included the following:
•   achieved full-year production of 1,589 mboed; 5 percent production growth from continuing operations, adjusted for libya, downtime and dispositions.
•   lowered operating costs year over year.
•   reduced 2015 capital by 41 percent compared with 2014.
•   achieved major project startups at aplng and surmont 2.
•   completed approximately $2 billion of non-core asset dispositions across the portfolio.
•   ended the year with $2.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents.
we accomplished several strategic milestones in 2015. excluding libya, our production from continuing operations was 1,589 mboed, compared with 1,532 mboed in 2014, a 57 mboed increase. the production increase was driven by growth from major projects and development programs, as well as improved well performance, partially offset by normal field decline. in 2015, we generated $2 billion from the disposition of certain non-core assets in our portfolio. the full-year 2015 production impact of completed dispositions was 64 mboed.
in 2015, we reviewed our cost structure and took decisive actions to achieve sustainable operating cost reductions across the company. we targeted a $1 billion reduction in operating costs in 2016, compared with 2014. we reduced headcount, including management positions, to streamline decision-making, increased the autonomy in our business units, captured deflation and adjusted our activity levels, which resulted in achieving our stated target in 2015, a year ahead of schedule. operating costs include production and operating expense; selling, general and administrative expense; and exploration expense excluding dry hole and leasehold impairment expense.
we generated $7.6 billion in cash from continuing operations in 2015, paid dividends on our common stock of $3.7 billion and ended the year with $2.4 billion in cash and cash equivalents.
business environment in the first half of 2014, strong crude oil prices were supported by geopolitical tensions impacting supplies, as well as global oil demand growth. this was followed by an abrupt decline in prices during the fourth quarter of 2014, as surging production growth from u.s. tight oil and the decision by the organization of petroleum exporting countries (opec) to maintain production outweighed fears of supply disruptions. these developments, combined with slowing global oil demand growth, caused crude oil prices to plummet to near five-year lows at the end of 2014. prices remained significantly lower throughout 2015, reaching a ten-year quarterly low of $43.67 for brent crude oil, in the fourth quarter of 2015. lower 2015 prices contributed to higher demand growth which was overwhelmed by continued production increase and supply surplus. brent crude oil was $30.69 in january 2016, reflecting an ongoing decline in prices.
the energy industry has periodically experienced this type of extreme volatility due to fluctuating supply-and-demand conditions. commodity prices are the most significant factor impacting our profitability and related reinvestment of operating cash flows into our business. among other dynamics that could influence world energy markets and commodity prices are global economic health, supply disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest or military conflicts, actions taken by opec, environmental laws, tax regulations, governmental policies and weather-related disruptions. north america’s energy landscape has been transformed from resource scarcity to an abundance of supply, primarily due to advances in technology responsible for the rapid growth of tight oil production, successful exploration and rising production from the canadian oil sands. our strategy is to sustainably lower our cost structure and maintain a strong balance sheet and a diverse low cost-of-supply portfolio that can provide the financial flexibility to withstand challenging business cycles.
operating and financial priorities other important factors we must continue to manage well in order to be successful include:
•                     maintaining a relentless focus on safety and environmental stewardship. safety and environmental stewardship, including the operating integrity of our assets, remain our highest priorities, and we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate. we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. our sustainability efforts in 2015 focused on updating action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water and human rights, as well as revamping public reporting to be more informative, searchable and responsive to common questions. we are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved health, safety and environment (hse) and operational performance.
we are a founding member of the marine well containment company llc (mwcc), a non-profit organization formed in 2010 to improve industry spill response in the u.s. gulf of mexico. mwcc developed a containment system, which meets the u.s. bureau of safety and environmental enforcement requirements for a subsea well containment system that can respond to a deepwater well control incident in the u.s. gulf of mexico. to complement this work internationally, we and several leading oil and gas companies established the subsea well response project in norway, which enhances the oil industry’s ability to respond to subsea well-control incidents in international waters.
•                     exercising our capital flexibility. we participate in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, with varying lead times from when an investment decision is made to the time an asset is operational and generates cash flow. as a result, we must invest significant capital dollars to explore for new oil and gas fields, develop newly discovered fields, maintain existing fields, and construct pipelines and liquefied natural gas (lng) facilities.
given our view of greater price volatility, we see benefit in having an inventory of value-preserving, shorter cycle time and low cost-of-supply opportunities in our resource base. in response to weakening commodity prices, we have slowed the pace of certain discretionary investments, including the eagle ford and the bakken, as well as emerging unconventional plays in the permian, niobrara and montney, and plan to fund additional cash calls in our equity affiliates. we retain the flexibility to increase or decrease investment activity without loss of opportunity, and will reassess our near-term investment decisions as necessary. we use a disciplined approach, focused on value maximization, to set our capital plans.
in february 2016, we announced a revised capital budget of $6.4 billion for 2016, a reduction of 37 percent compared with actual capital expenditures of $10.1 billion in 2015. the $3.7 billion reduction primarily reflects lower spending on major projects, deferral of activity primarily in the lower 48, deflation capture and efficiencies across the portfolio.
•                       portfolio optimization. we continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on low cost-of-supply assets which strategically fit our development plans. in the third quarter of 2015, we announced plans to reduce future capital spending in our deepwater exploration program. as a result, we terminated our gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract with ensco and impaired certain gulf of mexico leases where we decided not to conduct further activity.
additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded dry hole expense and impaired additional leases in the canada segment due to streamlined capital plans.
in 2015, we generated approximately $2 billion in proceeds from non-core asset dispositions, including the sales of certain western canadian properties, producing properties in east texas and north louisiana, producing properties in south texas, a certain pipeline and gathering assets in south texas, and our 50 percent equity method investment in the russian joint venture, polar lights company. we will continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they fit our strategic direction and will optimize the portfolio as necessary, directing our capital investments to areas that align with our objectives.
•                      controlling costs and expenses. controlling operating and overhead costs, without compromising safety and environmental stewardship, is a high priority. we monitor these costs using various methodologies that are reported to senior management monthly, on both an absolute-dollar basis and a per-unit basis. managing operating and overhead costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment.
¡   successful exploration, exploitation and development of new and existing fields.
¡   application of new technologies and processes to improve recovery from existing fields.
¡   acquisition of existing fields.
proved reserve estimates require economic production based on historical 12-month, first-of-month, average prices and current costs. therefore, our proved reserves generally decrease as prices decline and increase as prices rise. additionally, as we undertake cash conservation efforts, our reserve replacement efforts could be delayed thus limiting our ability to replace depleted reserves. low commodity prices and reduced capital expenditures in 2015 adversely affected our reported year-end proved reserves. in 2015, our organic reserve replacement excluding the impact of sales and purchases was 10 percent. in the five years ended december 31, 2015, our organic reserve replacement was 117 percent, excluding the impact of sales and purchases.
access to additional resources has become increasingly difficult as commodity prices can make projects uneconomic or unattractive. in addition, prohibition of direct investment in some nations, national fiscal terms, political instability, competition from national oil companies, and lack of access to high-potential areas due to environmental or other regulation may negatively impact our ability to increase our reserve base. as such, the timing and level at which we add to our reserve base may, or may not, allow us to replace our production over subsequent years.
•                   applying technical capability. we leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. technical strength is part of our heritage, and we are evolving our technical approach to optimally apply best practices. companywide, we continue to evaluate potential solutions to leverage knowledge of technological successes across all of our operations. such innovations enable us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact.
•            developing and retaining a talented work force. we strive to attract, train, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics. to this end, we offer university internships across multiple disciplines to attract the
best talent and, as needed, recruit experienced hires to maintain a broad range of skills and experience. we promote continued learning, development and technical training through structured development programs designed to enhance the technical and functional skills of our employees.
other significant factors that can affect our profitability include:
•   commodity prices. our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with industry price levels for crude oil and natural gas, the prices of which are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control. the following graph depicts the average benchmark prices for west texas intermediate (wti) crude oil, dated brent crude oil and u.s. henry hub natural gas:
crude oil prices have remained under pressure throughout 2015 due to continued global production increase that has outpaced demand growth, leading to a large observed rise in global inventory. brent crude oil prices averaged $43.67 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2015, a decrease of 43 percent compared with $76.27 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2014. similarly, wti crude oil prices declined 43 percent from $73.41 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2014 to $42.10 per barrel in the same period of 2015.
henry hub natural gas prices averaged $2.27 per million british thermal units (mmbtu) in the fourth quarter of 2015, a decrease of 44 percent compared with $4.04 per mmbtu in the fourth quarter of 2014. natural gas prices remained under pressure as production growth continued and u.s. underground gas storage inventories rose to the top of the five-year range in late 2015.
natural gas liquids prices were also lower in 2015. our realized natural gas liquids prices averaged $16.42 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2015, a decrease of 47 percent compared with $31.07 per barrel in the same quarter of 2014. the expansion in tight oil production has also helped boost supplies of natural gas liquids, resulting in continued downward pressure on natural gas liquids prices in the united states.
declining global crude oil prices have resulted in the western canada select benchmark price experiencing a 52 percent decline, from $73.60 per barrel in 2014 to $35.21 per barrel in 2015. consequently, our realized bitumen price experienced a decrease relative to 2014 price levels. our realized bitumen price was $18.72 per barrel in 2015, a decrease of 66 percent compared with $55.13 in the same period of 2014.
our total average realized price from continuing operations was $34.34 per barrel of oil equivalent (boe) in 2015, a decrease of 47 percent compared with $64.59 per boe in 2014. our total average realized price was $28.54 per boe in the fourth quarter of 2015, a decrease of 46 percent compared with $52.88 per boe in the fourth quarter of 2014. the reduction in the prices reflects lower average realized prices across all commodities.
in recent years, the use of hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling in tight oil formations has led to increased industry actual and forecasted crude oil and natural gas production in the united states. although providing significant short- and long-term growth opportunities for our company, the increased abundance of crude oil and natural gas due to development of tight oil plays could also have adverse financial implications to us, including: an extended period of low commodity prices; production curtailments; delay of plans to develop areas such as unconventional fields or alaska north slope natural gas fields; and underutilization of lng regasification facilities. should one or more of these events occur, our revenues would be reduced and additional asset impairments might be possible.
going forward, domestic crude prices should reach a market equilibrium with global crude prices due to the recent overturn of the u.s. crude export bans.
•                          impairments. as mentioned above, we participate in capital-intensive industries. at times, our properties, plants and equipment and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time, our reserve estimates are revised downward, or a decision to dispose of an asset leads to a write-down to its fair value. we may also invest large amounts of money in exploration which, if exploratory drilling proves unsuccessful, could lead to a material impairment of leasehold values. in 2015, we recorded pre-tax impairments of $2.2 billion for proved properties and an equity method investment and $1.9 billion for unproved properties, compared with $856
million and $562 million in 2014. for additional information on our impairments in 2015, 2014 and 2013, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   effective tax rate. our operations are located in countries with different tax rates and fiscal structures. accordingly, even in a stable commodity price and fiscal/regulatory environment, our overall effective tax rate can vary significantly between periods based on the “mix” of pretax earnings within our global operations.
•                         fiscal and regulatory environment. our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including the united states. civil unrest or strained relationships with governments may impact our operations or investments. these changing environments have generally negatively impacted our results of operations, and further changes to government fiscal take could have a negative impact on future operations. our production operations in libya and related oil exports have been suspended or significantly curtailed since july 2013 due to the closure of the es sider crude oil export terminal, and they were also suspended in 2011
during libya’s period of civil unrest. in 2015, the united kingdom government enacted tax legislation which reduced our u.k. corporate tax rate by 12 percent, while the alberta provincial government enacted legislation increasing our overall canadian corporate tax rate by 2 percent. our assets in venezuela and ecuador were expropriated in 2007 and 2009, respectively. our management carefully considers these events when evaluating projects or determining the level of activity in such countries.
outlook consistent with our revised 2016 operating plan announced in february 2016, our full-year 2016 production from continuing operations is expected to be flat with 2015 production of 1,525 mboed, which excludes 64 mboed for the full-year impact of completed dispositions. first-quarter 2016 production from continuing operations is expected to be 1,540 mboed to 1,580 mboed.
marketing activities in line with our objective to continuously optimize our portfolio, we are currently marketing certain non-core assets. we expect to generate up to $1 billion in proceeds annually from asset sales.
impairments as a result of lower commodity prices, and as we optimize our investments and exercise capital flexibility, it is reasonably likely we may incur future impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, and unproved properties. although it is not reasonably practicable to quantify the impact of future impairment charges at this time, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected for the period in which impairment charges are incurred.
operating segments we manage our operations through six operating segments, which are primarily defined by geographic region: alaska, lower 48, canada, europe and north africa, asia pacific and middle east, and other international.
corporate and other represents costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, corporate overhead, certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues received.
our key performance indicators, shown in the statistical tables provided at the beginning of the operating segment sections that follow, reflect results from our continuing operations, including commodity prices and production.
results of operations consolidated results a summary of the company’s income (loss) from continuing operations by business segment follows:
millions of dollars years ended december 31                    2015                            2014                2013
in addition, earnings were negatively impacted by:
•   higher proved property and equity investment impairments, including a $1.5 billion before- and after-tax impairment of our equity investment in aplng.
•                   higher exploration expenses. exploration expenses increased mainly as a result of higher unproved property impairments, dry hole costs and other exploration expenses. the increase included after-tax unproved property impairments of $368 million for our alaska chukchi sea leasehold and capitalized interest, $310 million for our angola block 36 and 37 production sharing contracts (pscs), $154 million for multiple gulf of mexico leases, and $100 million for various gila prospect blocks. additional after-tax dry hole costs and other expenses resulted from a $185 million charge for several properties in canada, $137 million for two dry holes in angola, $111 million for a dry hole in the gila prospect in deepwater gulf of mexico, and $246 million related to the termination of our drilling contract with ensco.
these reductions to earnings were partly offset by higher sales volumes, lower production taxes due to reduced commodity prices, lower operating expenses, a $555 million net deferred tax benefit resulting from a change in the u.k. tax rate in the first quarter of 2015, the absence of a $540 million after-tax loss resulting from the freeport lng termination agreement, gain on sale of assets, and higher licensing revenue.
•   lower gains from asset sales. gains realized in 2014 were approximately $70 million after-tax, compared with gains realized in 2013 of $1,132 million after-tax.
•   higher operating expenses, which included the 2014 recognition of a $540 million after-tax loss resulting from the freeport lng termination agreement.
•   higher impairments. noncash impairments in 2014 totaled $662 million after-tax, compared with $289 million after-tax in 2013.
•   higher dd&amp;a expenses, mainly due to higher volumes in the lower 48 and the united kingdom, partly offset by lower unit-of-production rates in canada related to reserve bookings.
these reductions to earnings were partially offset by higher volumes; lower production taxes, which mainly resulted from higher capital spending, lower prices and lower production volumes in alaska; and higher natural gas and lng prices.
sales and other operating revenues decreased 44 percent in 2015, mainly as a result of lower prices across all commodities. lower prices were partly offset by higher crude oil and lng sales volumes.
equity in earnings of affiliates decreased 74 percent in 2015. the decrease was primarily due to lower earnings from fccl partnership and qatar liquefied gas company limited (3) (qg3), given lower commodity prices, partly offset by higher volumes and lower operational costs.
gain on dispositions increased by $493 million in 2015. the increase resulted from a $583 million gain from the sales of producing properties in east texas and north louisiana, south texas, and a certain pipeline and gathering assets in south texas. gains realized were partly offset by a net loss from the disposition of non-core assets in western canada. for additional information on gains on dispositions, see note 6—assets held for sale or sold, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other income decreased 66 percent in 2015, mainly due to the absence of 2014 income related to the resolution of a contingent liability in the other international segment and a legal arbitration settlement in asia pacific and middle east, respectively.
purchased commodities decreased 44 percent in 2015, largely as a result of lower natural gas prices and the absence of a $130 million loss in the lower 48 related to transportation and storage capacity agreements recognized in 2014.
production and operating expenses decreased 21 percent in 2015, largely due to lower operating expense activity, including reduced turnarounds at our bayu-undan field and darwin lng facility, favorable foreign exchange-related impacts, and the absence of an $849 million charge resulting from the freeport lng termination agreement in 2014. the decrease in expense was partially offset by restructuring expenses of $206 million in 2015.
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased 30 percent in 2015, primarily due to $407 million in restructuring and pension settlement expenses in 2015, partially offset by lower staff and compensation plan costs.
exploration expenses increased 105 percent in 2015, mainly as a result of higher unproved property impairments, primarily in alaska, angola and the lower 48. higher dry hole and other exploration costs, including a $253 million pre-tax expense for wells charged to dry hole in canada, a $383 million expense related to the termination of our gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract, and a $176 million charge for two wells charged to dry hole in the gila prospect in the deepwater gulf of mexico, also contributed to the increase in exploration expenses. for additional information on leasehold impairments and other exploration expenses, see note 8—suspended wells and other exploration expenses, and note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
dd&a increased 9 percent in 2015. the increase was mainly associated with higher production volumes in the lower 48 and asia pacific and middle east and commodity price-related reserve revisions. the increase was partly offset by reserve additions in the lower 48.
impairments increased 162 percent in 2015. for additional information, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
interest and debt expense increased 42 percent in 2015, primarily due to lower capitalized interest on projects and increased average debt levels in 2015.
see note 19—income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information regarding our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate.
sales and other operating revenues decreased 3 percent in 2014, mainly as a result of lower crude oil prices, partly offset by higher crude oil and bitumen volumes and higher natural gas prices.
equity in earnings of affiliates increased 14 percent in 2014, primarily as a result of higher earnings from fccl partnership due to higher bitumen volumes and prices. this increase was partially offset by lower earnings from aplng, mostly as a result of higher operating expenses and dd&a.
gain on dispositions decreased $1,144 million in 2014. gains realized in 2014 mostly resulted from the disposition of certain properties in western canada. for additional information on gains realized in prior years, see note 6—assets held for sale or sold, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
production and operating expenses increased 23 percent in 2014, largely due to the $849 million charge resulting from the freeport lng termination agreement. higher drilling and maintenance activity, mostly in the lower 48, australia, alaska and europe, in addition to the absence of the 2013 benefit of a $142 million accrual reduction related to the federal energy regulatory commission (ferc) approval of cost allocation (pooling) agreements with the remaining owners of the trans-alaska pipeline system (taps), also contributed to the increase. these increases were partly offset by the absence of a $155 million charge in 2013 related to bohai bay. for additional information on the freeport lng transaction, see note 7—investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
sg&a expenses decreased 14 percent in 2014, mainly due to the absence of pension settlement expenses.
exploration expenses increased 66 percent in 2014, mainly as a result of higher impairments of undeveloped leasehold costs, primarily in the lower 48 and canada, and higher dry hole costs, mostly associated with the gulf of mexico and angola. for additional information on the leasehold impairments, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
dd&a increased 12 percent in 2014. this increase was mostly associated with higher production volumes in the united kingdom and the lower 48, partly offset by lower unit-of-production rates in canada associated with year-end 2013 price-related reserve revisions and lower natural gas production volumes.
impairments increased 62 percent in 2014. for additional information, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
taxes other than income taxes decreased 28 percent in 2014, mainly due to lower production taxes, which resulted from higher capital spending, lower crude oil prices and lower production volumes in alaska.
interest and debt expense increased 6 percent in 2014, primarily due to lower capitalized interest on projects, partly offset by lower interest expense from lower average debt levels and a $28 million benefit associated with interest on a favorable tax settlement.
see note 19—income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information regarding our provision for income taxes and effective tax rate.
summary operating statistics
millions of dollars worldwide exploration expenses general and administrative; geological and geophysical; and lease rentals              $1,127                       879                     789
leasehold impairment                                                                    1,924                       562                     175
*thousands   of barrels per day.
**millions   of cubic feet per day. represents quantities available for sale and excludes gas equivalent of natural gas liquids included above.
***thousands   of barrels of oil equivalent per day.
we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids on a worldwide basis. at december 31, 2015, our continuing operations were producing in the united states, norway, the united kingdom, canada, australia, timor-leste, indonesia, china, malaysia and qatar.
total production from continuing operations, including libya, increased 3 percent in 2015. the increase in total average production in 2015 primarily resulted from additional production from major developments, including tight oil plays in the lower 48; gumusut in malaysia; aplng in australia; greater britannia projects and the j-area in the u.k.; and the ramp-up of foster creek phase f in canada. improved well performance, mostly in the lower 48, western canada and norway, and lower turnaround activity also contributed to higher production in 2015. these increases were largely offset by normal field decline. adjusted for downtime and dispositions of 13 mboed, our production from continuing operations, excluding libya, increased by 70 mboed, or 5 percent, compared with 2014. full-year 2015 production from assets sold or under agreement was 64 mboed.
in 2014, average production from continuing operations increased 3 percent compared with 2013, while average liquids production increased 4 percent. the increase in total average production in 2014 primarily resulted from additional production from major developments, mainly from tight oil plays in the lower 48 and the ramp up of production from jasmine in the united kingdom and christina lake in canada, and increased drilling programs, mostly in the lower 48, western canada and norway. these increases were largely offset by normal field decline, higher planned downtime, shut-in libya production due to the closure of the es sider crude oil export terminal, and unfavorable market impacts. adjusted for libya, production from continuing operations increased by 60 mboed, or 4 percent, compared with 2013.
income from continuing operations (millions of dollars)          $4        2,041         2,274
the alaska segment primarily explores for, produces, transports and markets crude oil, natural gas liquids, natural gas and lng. in 2015, alaska contributed 19 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 1 percent of our natural gas production.
alaska reported earnings of $4 million in 2015, compared with earnings of $2,041 million in 2014, mainly due to lower commodity prices and a $368 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter of 2015 for the impairment of our chukchi sea leasehold and capitalized interest. the earnings decrease was partly offset by reduced production taxes resulting from lower commodity prices.
average production decreased 3 percent in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to normal field decline, partly offset by lower planned downtime activity and new production from the western north slope, greater prudhoe and greater kuparuk areas.
alaska earnings decreased 10 percent in 2014 compared with 2013 earnings. the decrease was largely due to lower crude oil prices and volumes; the absence of a $97 million after-tax benefit associated with a ferc ruling in 2013, more fully described below; higher operating expenses; and a $36 million after-tax impairment related to a cancelled project. these reductions to earnings were partly offset by lower production taxes, which resulted from higher 2014 capital spending and lower crude oil prices and volumes. higher lng sales volumes and prices also partially offset the decrease in 2014 earnings.
in 2012, the major owners of taps filed a proposed settlement with ferc to resolve pooling disputes prior to august 2012 and establish a voluntary pooling agreement to pool costs prospectively from august 2012. in july 2013, ferc approved the proposed settlement and pooling agreement without modification. as a result, we reduced a related accrual in the second quarter of 2013, which decreased our production and operating expenses by $97 million after-tax.
average production decreased 9 percent in 2014 compared with 2013, mainly as a result of normal field decline and higher planned maintenance, partly offset by lower unplanned downtime.
income (loss) from continuing operations (millions of dollars)       $(1,932)         (22)          754
the lower 48 segment consists of operations located in the u.s. lower 48 states and exploration activities in the gulf of mexico. during 2015, the lower 48 contributed 33 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 36 percent of our natural gas production.
lower 48 reported a loss of $1,932 million after-tax in 2015, compared with a loss of $22 million after-tax in 2014. the decrease in earnings was primarily due to:
¡   increased impairment expense in 2015, including after-tax charges of $154 million for certain leases in the gulf of mexico and $100 million for various blocks in the gila prospect, where we ceased further activity.
¡   a $246 million charge to exploration expense related to the termination of our gulf of mexico deepwater drillship contract with ensco.
¡   higher dry hole costs, including $111 million associated with two wells in the gila prospect in the deepwater gulf of mexico.
these decreases were partly offset by the absence of a $545 million after-tax charge resulting from the freeport lng termination agreement in 2014; a $368 million after-tax gain from the disposition of certain properties in south texas, east texas and northern louisiana; higher volumes; lower production taxes; and the absence of a $151 million after-tax impairment charge resulting from reduced volume forecasts on proved properties and the associated undeveloped leasehold costs.
our average realized prices in the lower 48 have historically correlated with wti prices; however, beginning in the second half of 2013, our lower 48 crude differential versus wti began to widen. our 2015 average realized crude oil price of $42.62 per barrel was 13 percent less than wti of $48.72 per barrel. the differential is driven primarily by local market dynamics in the gulf coast, bakken and the permian basin, and may remain relatively wide in the near-term.
total average production increased 2 percent in 2015 compared with 2014, while average crude oil production increased 10 percent across the same period. the increase was mainly attributable to new production, primarily from eagle ford, bakken and the permian basin, partially offset by normal field decline.
the lower 48 reported a loss of $22 million after-tax in 2014, compared with earnings of $754 million after-tax in 2013. the decrease in earnings was primarily attributable to:
•   higher operating expenses, which included the $545 million after-tax charge to earnings due to the freeport lng termination agreement.
•   higher impairments. earnings in 2014 were impacted by impairments of approximately $290 million after-tax. property impairments were not material in 2013. for additional information, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
•   higher dry hole costs. dry hole costs in 2014 were approximately $180 million after-tax, primarily for the nonoperated coronado wildcat and appraisal wells, the shenandoah appraisal well and the deep nansen wildcat well, all located in the gulf of mexico. dry hole costs in 2013 were approximately $130 million after-tax and mainly consisted of the ardennes and thorn wells, also located in the gulf of mexico.
•   an $83 million after-tax loss recognized upon the release of underutilized transportation and storage capacity at rates below our contractual rates.
these reductions to earnings were partially offset by higher crude oil and natural gas liquids volumes, higher natural gas prices and a benefit to earnings of approximately $150 million after-tax from marketing third-party natural gas volumes.
total average production in the lower 48 increased 9 percent in 2014, while average crude oil production increased 24 percent. the increase was mainly attributable to new production, primarily from the eagle ford and bakken, and improved drilling and well performance, partially offset by normal field decline.
income (loss) from continuing operations (millions of dollars)      $(1,044)       940       718
our canadian operations mainly consist of natural gas fields in western canada and oil sands developments in the athabasca region of northeastern alberta. in 2015, canada contributed 21 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 18 percent of our worldwide natural gas production.
canada operations reported a loss of $1,044 million in 2015, a reduction of $1,984 million compared with 2014. the decrease in earnings was primarily due to:
¡   higher dry hole costs, including an after-tax charge of $185 million associated with our horn river, northwest territories, thornbury and saleski properties.
¡   an after-tax impairment charge of $75 million for undeveloped leasehold in the duvernay, thornbury, saleski and crow lake areas.
•   a $103 million net after-tax loss realized on the disposition of non-core assets in western canada.
the earnings decrease was partly offset by higher bitumen production volumes; lower operating expenses and dd&a, both primarily from favorable foreign currency impacts; and the absence of the $109 million after-tax impairment of undeveloped leasehold costs associated with the offshore amauligak discovery, arctic islands and other beaufort properties in 2014.
total average production increased 8 percent in 2015 compared with 2014, while bitumen production increased 17 percent over the same periods. the increases in total production were mainly attributable to strong well performance in western canada, lower royalty impacts, strong plant performance at foster creek
and christina lake and the continued ramp-up of production from foster creek phase f. these increases were partly offset by normal field decline and increased unplanned downtime, including the precautionary shut down of foster creek for nearby forest fires in the second quarter of 2015.
canada earnings increased 31 percent in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher natural gas and bitumen prices, lower dd&a from western canada and higher bitumen volumes. the lower dd&a mainly resulted from lower unit-of-production rates related to year-end 2013 price-related reserve revisions and lower natural gas production volumes. earnings in 2014 also included a $47 million tax benefit resulting from a favorable tax settlement. these increases were partly offset by lower gains from asset sales, mainly as a result of the $461 million after-tax gain from the disposition of our clyden undeveloped oil sands leasehold in 2013, as well as the 2013 recognition of a $224 million tax benefit, related to the favorable tax resolution associated with the sale of certain western canada properties. lower natural gas volumes also partially offset the increase in 2014 earnings.
in addition, earnings in 2014 benefitted from lower impairments. impairments in 2014 were $138 million after-tax and consisted primarily of the $109 million after-tax impairment of unproved properties associated with the offshore amauligak discovery, arctic islands and other beaufort properties. impairments in 2013 consisted of the $162 million after-tax impairment of mature natural gas assets in western canada.
for additional information on asset sales, see note 6—assets held for sale or sold, and for additional information on impairments, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
total average production increased 3 percent in 2014 compared with 2013, while bitumen production increased 18 percent over the same period. the continued ramp-up of production from christina lake phase e in fccl and improved drilling and well performance were partly offset by normal field decline and higher royalty impacts.
income from continuing operations (millions of dollars)        $409       814         1,297
the europe and north africa segment consists of producing and exploration operations principally located in the norwegian and u.k. sectors of the north sea, the norwegian sea, as well as in libya. in 2015, our europe and north africa operations contributed 14 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 12 percent of our natural gas production.
earnings for europe and north africa operations decreased 50 percent in 2015. the decrease in earnings was primarily due to lower crude oil and natural gas prices. earnings further decreased due to higher property impairments in the u.k., given lower natural gas prices and increases to asset retirement obligations. the earnings decrease was partly offset by a $555 million net deferred tax benefit as a result of a change in the u.k. tax rate, effective at the beginning of 2015, and an after-tax gain of $49 million realized on the sale of our 1.9 percent interest in norwegian continental shelf gas transportation (gassled).
for additional information on the impairments, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
average production decreased 5 percent in 2015, compared with 2014. the decrease in production was mostly due to normal field decline and lower volumes from libya, partly offset by the new production from the greater britannia area, the j-area and the greater ekofisk area, as well as improved well performance in norway.
the es sider terminal in libya remained shut in throughout 2015. the 2016 operating and drilling activity in libya is uncertain as a result of the ongoing civil unrest.
earnings for europe and north africa decreased 37 percent in 2014 compared with 2013. the reduction in earnings was primarily due to higher dd&a, which mainly resulted from increased production volumes from jasmine, lower crude oil and natural gas prices, higher taxes, higher impairments, and lower volumes from libya. impairments in 2014 were $192 million after-tax, compared with impairments in 2013 of $118 million after-tax. lower gains from asset dispositions, mostly due to the absence of the $83 million after-tax gain on the disposition of our interest in the interconnector pipeline in 2013, also contributed to the decrease in 2014 earnings. these decreases were partly offset by higher volumes, primarily in the u.k., and a $48 million after-tax benefit from a pension-related settlement.
for additional information on the impairments, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
average production was flat in 2014 compared with 2013, as the continued ramp-up of production from jasmine, the rivers acid plant in the east irish sea and ekofisk south, improved drilling and well performance in norway and lower planned downtime, were equally offset by normal field decline and the shutdown of the es sider crude oil export terminal in libya.
income (loss) from continuing operations (millions of dollars)        $(406)        3,008         3,591
the asia pacific and middle east segment has operations in china, indonesia, malaysia, australia, timor-leste and qatar, as well as exploration activities in brunei. during 2015, asia pacific and middle east contributed 13 percent of our worldwide liquids production and 33 percent of our natural gas production.
asia pacific and middle east reported a loss of $406 million in 2015, compared with income of $3,008 million in 2014. the decrease in earnings was mainly due to lower prices across all commodities. earnings in 2015 were further decreased by a $1,502 million before- and after-tax charge for the impairment of our aplng investment, higher dd&a expense from increased volumes, primarily in malaysia, and a $41 million after-tax charge for the impairment of our relinquished palangkaraya psc. the earnings decrease was partially offset by lower production taxes, increased volumes, as well as lower feedstock costs and reduced turnarounds at our bayu-undan field and darwin lng facility.
see the “aplng” section of note 7—investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information on the impairment of our aplng investment included within the asia pacific and middle east segment.
average production increased 9 percent in 2015, compared with 2014. the production increase was mainly attributable to new production from gumusut, in malaysia, which came online in the fourth quarter of 2014; the ramp-up of aplng production due to additional gas processing facilities online; and infill drilling in china. production increases were partly offset by normal field decline.
asia pacific and middle east earnings decreased 16 percent in 2014 compared with 2013. the reduction in earnings was largely due to lower crude oil and natural gas prices; higher operating expenses, mostly as a result of major planned maintenance at our bayu-undan field and darwin lng facility in australia; lower equity earnings, mainly due to increased activity at aplng in preparation for startup in 2015; and lower sales volumes, primarily crude oil and lng. these decreases were partially offset by higher lng prices, higher natural gas volumes and lower taxes. the 2014 benefits from the absence of the $116 million after-tax charge in 2013 related to bohai bay and a $30 million after-tax legal settlement in 2014 were offset by the absence of a $146 million after-tax insurance settlement received in 2013, also associated with the bohai bay seepage incidents.
average production increased 2 percent in 2014 compared with 2013. increased production, mainly from indonesia, china and malaysia, was largely offset by normal field decline and major planned maintenance at bayu-undan and darwin lng.
income (loss) from continuing operations (millions of dollars)      $(593)        (100)       223
the other international segment includes exploration activities in colombia, angola and senegal. in 2015, other international contributed less than 1 percent of our worldwide liquids production. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we completed the sale of our 50 percent interest in the polar lights company.
other international operations reported a loss of $593 million in 2015, compared with a loss of $100 million in 2014. the decrease in earnings was primarily due to after-tax charges of $235 million, $75 million and $32 million net for property impairments on our angola block 36, angola block 37 and poland leasehold, respectively. earnings were also reduced due to increased dry hole expenses for the omosi-1 and vali-1 wells in angola and the absence of other income of $154 million after-tax associated with the favorable resolution of
a contingent liability. the reduction in earnings was partly offset by the absence of the $136 million after-tax charge in 2014 for the kamoxi-1 exploration well, located offshore angola; and a $53 million after-tax gain from the disposition of our interest in the polar lights company.
for additional information on the impairments, see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
other international operations reported a loss of $100 million in 2014, compared with earnings of $223 million in 2013. the decrease was primarily due to the lower gains from asset dispositions, mainly from the absence of the $288 million after-tax gain recognized on the 2013 disposition of our equity investment in phoenix park processors limited, located in trinidad and tobago and higher dry hole expenses, mostly due to the $136 million after-tax charge for the kamoxi-1 exploration well, located offshore angola. these reductions were partially offset by the recognition of other income of $154 million after-tax associated with the favorable resolution of a contingent liability.
corporate and other millions of dollars
net interest consists of interest and financing expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest, as well as premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt. net interest increased 3 percent in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily as a result of lower capitalized interest on projects completed or sold and increased debt. the 2015 net interest expense increase was largely offset by a $148 million net tax benefit for electing the fair market value method of apportioning interest expense in the united states for prior years.
corporate general and administrative expenses increased 27 percent in 2015, mainly due to $143 million in after-tax pension settlement expense, partially offset by lower staff and compensation plan costs.
technology includes our investment in new technologies or businesses, as well as licensing revenues received. activities are focused on heavy oil and oil sands, unconventional reservoirs, lng, and subsurface, arctic and deepwater technologies, with an underlying commitment to environmental responsibility. earnings from technology were $122 million in 2015, compared with losses of $93 million in 2014. the increase in earnings primarily resulted from higher licensing revenues.
the category “other” includes certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, and other costs not directly associated with an operating segment. “other” expenses increased by $82 million in 2015, mainly due to $142 million after-tax in restructuring charges and foreign currency translation impacts, partially offset by lower environmental expenses.
net interest decreased 5 percent in 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of a $93 million tax benefit associated with the election of the fair market value method of apportioning interest expense in the united states, as well as a $28 million after-tax benefit associated with interest on a favorable tax settlement. these improvements were largely offset by lower capitalized interest on projects sold or completed.
corporate general and administrative expenses decreased 9 percent in 2014, mainly due to lower pension settlement expense, partly offset by higher benefit-related expenses. pension settlement expense incurred in 2013 was $41 million after-tax. we did not incur pension settlement expense in 2014.
losses from technology were $93 million in 2014, compared with losses of $6 million in 2013. the reduction in earnings primarily resulted from lower licensing revenues and higher research and development expenses.
capital resources and liquidity financial indicators millions of dollars except as indicated
net cash provided by continuing operating activities         $7,572                16,412                15,856
percent of total debt to capital*                                38   %                30                    29
percent of floating-rate debt to total debt**                     7   %                 5                     8
*capital includes total debt and total equity.
**includes effect of interest rate swaps in 2013.
to meet our short- and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources. cash generated from continuing operating activities is the primary source of funding. in addition, during 2015 we received $1,952 million in proceeds from asset sales and issued $2,498 million of new fixed and floating rate notes. the primary uses of our available cash were $10,050 million to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program; $3,664 million to pay dividends on our common stock; and $103 million to repay debt. during 2015, cash and cash equivalents decreased by $2,694 million, to $2,368 million.
in addition to cash flows from operating activities and proceeds from asset sales, we rely on our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our shelf registration statement to support our short- and long-term liquidity requirements. we believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the “significant sources of capital” section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near and long term, including our capital spending program, dividend payments and required debt payments.
significant sources of capital operating activities during 2015, cash provided by continuing operating activities was $7,572 million, a 54 percent decrease from 2014. the decrease was primarily due to lower prices across all commodities and the absence of the $1.3 billion distribution from fccl in the first quarter of 2014, partly offset by year-over-year production growth. the distribution from fccl resulted from our $2.8 billion prepayment of the remaining joint venture acquisition obligation in 2013, which substantially increased the financial flexibility of our 50 percent owned fccl partnership. we do not expect this individually significant distribution to recur in the future under current economic conditions. during 2014, cash provided by continuing operations was $16,412 million, compared with $15,856 million in 2013.
while the stability of our cash flows from operating activities benefits from geographic diversity, our short- and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids. prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control. absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
the level of absolute production volumes, as well as product and location mix, impacts our cash flows. our 2015 production averaged 1,589 mboed. we expect 2016 production to be flat with 2015 production of 1,525 mboed, which excludes 64 mboed for the full-year impact of completed dispositions. future production is subject to numerous uncertainties, including, among others, the volatile crude oil and natural gas
price environment, which may impact investment decisions; the effects of price changes on production sharing and variable-royalty contracts; acquisition and disposition of fields; field production decline rates; new technologies; operating efficiencies; timing of startups and major turnarounds; political instability; weather-related disruptions; and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost-effective development. while we actively manage these factors, production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices.
to maintain or grow our production volumes, we must continue to add to our proved reserve base. our total reserve replacement in 2015 was negative 19 percent. excluding the impact of sales and purchases, the organic reserve replacement was 10 percent of 2015 production. over the five-year period ended december 31, 2015, our reserve replacement was 96 percent (including 54 percent from consolidated operations) reflecting the impact of asset dispositions. excluding these items and purchases, our five-year organic reserve replacement was 117 percent. the total reserve replacement amount above is based on the sum of our net additions (revisions, improved recovery, purchases, extensions and discoveries, and sales) divided by our production, as shown in our reserve table disclosures. in the event we undertake any cash conservation efforts, our reserve replacement efforts could be delayed thus limiting our ability to replace depleted reserves. for additional information about our 2016 capital budget, see the “2016 capital budget” section within “capital resources and liquidity” and for additional information on proved reserves, including both developed and undeveloped reserves, see the “oil and gas operations” section of this report.
as discussed in the “critical accounting estimates” section, engineering estimates of proved reserves are imprecise; therefore, each year reserves may be revised upward or downward due to the impact of changes in commodity prices or as more technical data becomes available on reservoirs. in 2015, revisions decreased reserves, while in 2014 and 2013, revisions increased reserves. it is not possible to reliably predict how revisions will impact reserve quantities in the future.
investing activities proceeds from asset sales in 2015 were $2.0 billion, primarily from the sales of certain western canadian properties; producing properties in east texas and north louisiana and in south texas; a certain pipeline and gathering assets in south texas; and our 50 percent equity method investment in the russian joint venture, polar lights company. this compares with proceeds of $1.6 billion in 2014, primarily from the sale of our nigeria upstream affiliates for net proceeds of $1.4 billion, after customary adjustments, inclusive of deposits previously received. for additional information, see note 3—discontinued operations, and note 6—assets held for sale or sold, in the notes to consolidated financial statements. we continue to optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on assets which offer the highest returns and growth potential, while selling non-core assets. for additional information regarding marketing activities, see the “outlook” section within management’s discussion and analysis.
in may 2015, we liquidated certain deferred compensation investments for proceeds of $267 million, which is included in the “other” line within “cash flows from investing activities” on our consolidated statement of cash flows. we do not expect further material liquidations associated with deferred compensation investments. for additional information, see note 15—fair value measurement, in the notes to consolidated financial statements. cash flows from investing activities in 2014 were impacted by the $454 million receipt of the freeport lng loan repayment.
commercial paper and credit facilities during 2015, we had a revolving credit facility totaling $7.0 billion expiring in june 2019. our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, for the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $500 million, or as support for our commercial paper programs. the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings. the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $200 million or more by conocophillips or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the united states. the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts. the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
our primary funding source for short-term working capital needs is the conocophillips $6.1 billion commercial paper program. commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days. we also have the conocophillips qatar funding ltd. $900 million commercial paper program, which is used to fund commitments relating to qg3. at both december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had no direct borrowings or letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility. under the conocophillips qatar funding ltd. commercial paper programs, $803 million of commercial paper was outstanding at december 31, 2015, compared with $860 million at december 31, 2014. since we had $803 million of commercial paper outstanding and had issued no letters of credit, we had access to $6.2 billion in borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2015.
in august 2015, moody’s investors service downgraded our senior long-term debt ratings to “a2” from “a1”, with a stable outlook. in february 2016, standard and poor’s placed our long-term and short-term corporate credit ratings on creditwatch with negative implications. due to the recent significant decline in commodity prices and the expectation these prices could remain depressed in the near future, the major ratings agencies have indicated they will be conducting a review of the oil and gas industry. during the first quarter of 2016, the credit ratings for several companies in the oil and gas industry were downgraded, and we expect further downgrades may broadly impact the industry during the first half of 2016. we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, in the event of a further downgrade of our credit rating. if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
certain of our project-related contracts and derivative instruments contain provisions requiring us to post collateral. many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters of credit as collateral. at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, we had direct bank letters of credit of $340 million and $802 million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
shelf registration we have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the u.s. securities and exchange commission under which we, as a well-known seasoned issuer, have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
off-balance sheet arrangements as part of our normal ongoing business operations and consistent with normal industry practice, we enter into numerous agreements with other parties to pursue business opportunities, which share costs and apportion risks among the parties as governed by the agreements.
for information about guarantees, see note 12—guarantees, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference.
capital requirements for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the “capital expenditures” section.
our debt balance at december 31, 2015, was $24.9 billion, an increase of $2.3 billion from the balance at december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of the may 2015 issuance of $2.5 billion in new fixed and floating rate notes. our short-term debt balance at december 31, 2015, increased $1.2 billion compared with
december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of the timing of scheduled maturities. we expect to pursue financing options in 2016 to provide additional capital to finance our operations and to partially refinance some of our long-term borrowings, which may include offerings of additional notes from time to time depending on market conditions. for more information, see note 11—debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
we were obligated to contribute $7.5 billion, plus interest, over a 10-year period that began in 2007, to our 50 percent owned fccl partnership. in december 2013, we paid the remaining balance of the obligation, which totaled $2,810 million and is included in the “other” line in the financing activities section of our consolidated statement of cash flows.
in october 2015, we announced a dividend of 74 cents per share. the dividend was paid december 1, 2015, to stockholders of record at the close of business on october 19, 2015. on february 4, 2016, we announced a reduction in the quarterly dividend to 25 cents per share, compared with the previous quarterly dividend of 74 cents per share. we believe this effort will allow us to preserve our balance sheet strength and provide financial flexibility through the current downturn. the dividend will be paid march 1, 2016, to stockholders of record at the close of business on february 16, 2016.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our aggregate contractual fixed and variable obligations of our continuing operations as of december 31, 2015:
millions of dollars payments due by period total               up to 1               years               years                 after year                 2–3                 4–5               5 years debt obligations (a)                                        $24,062                 1,365               2,841               4,484                15,372
capital lease obligations (b)                                   818                    62                  99                 106                   551
operating lease obligations (c)                               2,157                   671                 575                 530                   381
other long-term liabilities pension and postretirement benefit contributions (e)          1,999                   414                 892                 693                     -
accrued environmental costs (g)                                 258                    39                  51                  35                   133
unrecognized tax benefits (h)                                    46                    46                 (h)                 (h)                   (h)
(a)   includes $284 million of net unamortized premiums, discounts and debt issuance costs. see note 11—debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
(b)   capital lease obligations are presented on a discounted basis.
(c)   operating lease obligations are presented on an undiscounted basis.
(d)   represents any agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding and that specifies all significant terms, presented on an undiscounted basis. does not include purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator.
the majority of the purchase obligations are market-based contracts related to our commodity business. product purchase commitments with third parties totaled $3,986 million.
purchase obligations of $6,664 million are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third-party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and lng and product terminals, to transport, process, treat and store commodities. the remainder is primarily our net share of purchase commitments for materials and services for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are the operator.
(e)   represents contributions to qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans for the years 2016 through 2020. for additional information related to expected benefit payments subsequent to 2020, see note 18—employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
(f)   represents estimated discounted costs to retire and remove long-lived assets at the end of their operations.
(g)   represents estimated costs for accrued environmental expenditures presented on a discounted basis for costs acquired in various business combinations and an undiscounted basis for all other accrued environmental costs.
(h)   excludes unrecognized tax benefits of $413 million because the ultimate disposition and timing of any payments to be made with regard to such amounts are not reasonably estimable. although unrecognized tax benefits are not a contractual obligation, they are presented in this table because they represent potential demands on our liquidity.
capital expenditures millions of dollars
capital expenditures and investments from continuing operations         10,050                17,085                15,537
capital program                                                        $10,050                17,144                16,918
*excludes   $2,810 million prepayment in the fourth quarter of 2013.
working capital changes associated with investing activities increased cash used in investing activities by $968 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with a decrease of $180 million for the corresponding period of 2014, and an increase of $55 million for the corresponding period of 2013. the increase in cash used in investing activities as of december 31, 2015, is attributable to reduced capital accruals, as compared with december 31, 2014, from lower activity levels in 2015, primarily in the lower 48 and canada.
our capital expenditures and investments from continuing operations for the three-year period ended december 31, 2015, totaled $42.7 billion. the 2015 expenditures supported key exploration and developments, primarily:
•   oil and natural gas development and exploration activities in the lower 48, including eagle ford, bakken, and the permian basin.
•   major project expenditures associated with the aplng joint venture in australia.
•   oil sands development, notably at surmont 2, and ongoing liquids-rich plays in canada.
•   alaska activities related to development in the greater kuparuk area, greater prudhoe area and the western north slope.
•   in europe, development activities in the greater ekofisk, aasta hansteen, clair ridge, jasmine and greater britannia areas, and exploration and appraisal activities in the jasmine and greater clair areas.
•   exploration and appraisal drilling in deepwater gulf of mexico.
•   continued development in malaysia, indonesia, china, timor-leste and offshore australia, and exploration and appraisal activity in malaysia, indonesia, china and offshore australia.
2016 capital budget in anticipation of ongoing weak commodity prices in 2016, our capital budget was reduced in february 2016 from the previously announced $7.7 billion to $6.4 billion, a decrease of 37 percent compared with 2015 capital expenditures of $10.1 billion. the reduction in capital relative to 2015 primarily reflects lower major project spending, deflation capture, deferral of activity and efficiency improvements.
we are planning to allocate approximately:
•   34 percent of our 2016 capital expenditures budget to development drilling programs. these funds will focus predominantly on the lower 48 unconventionals including the eagle ford and bakken, as well as development drilling in canada, alaska, the greater ekofisk area, and in legacy assets within asia pacific and middle east.
•   31 percent of our 2016 capital expenditures budget to major projects. these funds will focus on startup of aplng train 2, as well as major projects in alaska, europe, malaysia and china.
•   18 percent of our 2016 capital expenditures budget to exploration and appraisal activity. these funds will primarily target the gulf of mexico, senegal, nova scotia, and alaska.
•   17 percent of our 2016 capital expenditures budget to maintain base production and corporate expenditures.
for information on proved undeveloped reserves and the associated costs to develop these reserves, see the “oil and gas operations” section.
contingencies a number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been made against conocophillips. we also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active and inactive sites. we regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies. in the case of all known contingencies (other than those related to income taxes), we accrue a liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. if a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued. we do not reduce these liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries. if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries. with respect to income tax related contingencies, we use a cumulative probability-weighted loss accrual in cases where sustaining a tax position is less than certain.
based on currently available information, we believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements. for information on other contingencies, see “critical accounting estimates” and note 13—contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
legal and tax matters we are subject to various lawsuits and claims including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, personal injury, and property damage. our primary exposures for such matters relate to alleged royalty underpayments on certain federal, state and privately owned properties and claims of alleged environmental contamination from historic operations. we will continue to defend ourselves vigorously in these matters.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us. our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases. this process also enables us to track those cases that have been scheduled for trial and/or mediation. based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required. see note 19—income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information about income tax related contingencies.
environmental we are subject to the same numerous international, federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations as other companies in our industry. the most significant of these environmental laws and regulations include, among others, the:
•   european union regulation for registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals (reach).
•   u.s. federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act (cercla), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.
•   u.s. federal resource conservation and recovery act (rcra), which governs the treatment, storage and disposal of solid waste.
•   u.s. federal oil pollution act of 1990 (opa90), under which owners and operators of onshore facilities and pipelines, lessees or permittees of an area in which an offshore facility is located, and owners and operators of vessels are liable for removal costs and damages that result from a discharge of oil into navigable waters of the united states.
•   u.s. federal emergency planning and community right-to-know act (epcra), which requires facilities to report toxic chemical inventories with local emergency planning committees and response departments.
•   u.s. federal safe drinking water act, which governs the disposal of wastewater in underground injection wells.
•   u.s. department of the interior regulations, which relate to offshore oil and gas operations in u.s. waters and impose liability for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, as well as potential liability for pollution damages.
these laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and, in the case of discharges to water, establish water quality limits. they also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations. these permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the
application process, which can be expensive and time consuming. in addition, there can be delays associated with notice and comment periods and the agency’s processing of the application. many of the delays associated with the permitting process are beyond the control of the applicant.
many states and foreign countries where we operate also have, or are developing, similar environmental laws and regulations governing these same types of activities. while similar, in some cases these regulations may impose additional, or more stringent, requirements that can add to the cost and difficulty of marketing or transporting products across state and international borders.
the ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards, water quality standards and stricter fuel regulations, continue to evolve. however, environmental laws and regulations, including those that may arise to address concerns about global climate change, are expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations in the united states and in other countries in which we operate. notable areas of potential impacts include air emission compliance and remediation obligations in the united states and canada.
an example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations. a range of local, state, federal or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions. although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa), the u.s. department of the interior, and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources. governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments. we have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change.
we also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations. such laws and regulations include cercla and rcra and their state equivalents. longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
we occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the epa and state environmental agencies alleging we are a potentially responsible party under cercla or an equivalent state statute. on occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties. these requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain wastes attributable to our past operations. as of december 31, 2015, there were 14 sites around the united states in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under cercla and comparable state laws.
for most superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible parties, is relatively low. although liability of those potentially responsible is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for state sites, other potentially responsible parties at sites where we are a party typically have had the financial strength to meet their obligations, and where they have not, or where potentially responsible parties could not be located, our share of liability has not increased materially. many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the state agencies concerned. prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation. in some instances, we may have no liability or attain a settlement of liability. actual cleanup costs generally occur after the parties obtain epa or equivalent state agency approval. there are relatively few sites where we are a major participant, and given the timing and amounts of anticipated expenditures, neither the cost of remediation at those sites nor such costs at all cercla sites, in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive or financial condition.
expensed environmental costs were $485 million in 2015 and are expected to be about $478 million per year in 2016 and 2017. capitalized environmental costs were $303 million in 2015 and are expected to be about $250 million per year in 2016 and 2017.
accrued liabilities for remediation activities are not reduced for potential recoveries from insurers or other third parties and are not discounted (except those assumed in a purchase business combination, which we do record on a discounted basis).
many of these liabilities result from cercla, rcra and similar state or international laws that require us to undertake certain investigative and remedial activities at sites where we conduct, or once conducted, operations or at sites where conocophillips-generated waste was disposed. the accrual also includes a number of sites we identified that may require environmental remediation, but which are not currently the subject of cercla, rcra or other agency enforcement activities. if applicable, we accrue receivables for probable insurance or other third-party recoveries. in the future, we may incur significant costs under both cercla and rcra.
remediation activities vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site, depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, evolving remediation technologies, diverse regulatory agencies and enforcement policies, and the presence or absence of potentially liable third parties. therefore, it is difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs.
at december 31, 2015, our balance sheet included total accrued environmental costs of $258 million, compared with $344 million at december 31, 2014, for remediation activities in the u.s., canada and the u.k. we expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred. however, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
climate change there has been a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on greenhouse gas (ghg) reduction. these proposed or promulgated laws apply or could apply in countries where we have interests or may have interests in the future. laws in this field continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. examples of legislation or precursors for possible regulation that do or could affect our operations include:
•   european emissions trading scheme (ets), the program through which many of the european union (eu) member states are implementing the kyoto protocol. our cost of compliance with the eu ets in 2015 was approximately $0.4
•                in canada during 2015, the alberta government amended the regulations of the climate change and emissions act. the regulations now require any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide or equivalent per year to reduce its net emissions intensity from its baseline. the reduction is increasing from the current 12 percent in 2015, to 15 percent in 2016 and to 20 percent in 2017. we also incur a carbon tax for emissions from fossil fuel combustion in our british columbia operations. the total cost of compliance with these regulations in 2015 was approximately $4.7 million.
•   the u.s. supreme court decision in massachusetts v. epa, 549 u.s. 497, 127 s.ct. 1438 (2007), confirming that the epa has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide as an “air pollutant” under the federal clean air act.
•                       the u.s. epa’s announcement on march 29, 2010 (published as “interpretation of regulations that determine pollutants covered by clean air act permitting programs,” 75 fed. reg. 17004 (april 2,
2010)), and the epa’s and u.s. department of transportation’s joint promulgation of a final rule on april 1, 2010, that triggers regulation of ghgs under the clean air act, may trigger more climate-based claims for damages, and may result in longer agency review time for development projects.
•   the u.s. epa’s announcement on january 14, 2015, outlining a series of steps it plans to take to address methane and smog-forming volatile organic compound emissions from the oil and gas industry. the current u.s. administration has established a goal of reducing the 2012 levels in methane emissions from the oil and gas industry by 40 to 45 percent by 2025.
•   carbon taxes in certain jurisdictions. our cost of compliance with norwegian carbon tax legislation in 2015 was approximately $31 million (net share pre-tax).
•   the agreement reached in paris in december 2015 at the 21st conference of the parties to the united nations framework on climate change, setting out a new process for achieving global emission reductions.
in the united states, some additional form of regulation may be forthcoming in the future at the federal and state levels with respect to ghg emissions. such regulation could take any of several forms that may result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances. we are working to continuously improve operational and energy efficiency through resource and energy conservation throughout our operations.
compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create a ghg emission trading scheme or ghg reduction policies could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation. such laws and regulations could also increase demand for less carbon intensive energy sources, including natural gas. the ultimate impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to:
•   the timing of the introduction of such legislation or regulation.
•   the nature of the legislation (such as a cap and trade system or a tax on emissions) or regulation.
•   the price placed on ghg emissions (either by the market or through a tax).
•   the price and availability of offsets.
•   the amount and allocation of allowances.
•   technological and scientific developments leading to new products or services.
•   any potential significant physical effects of climate change (such as increased severe weather events, changes in sea levels and changes in temperature).
•   whether, and the extent to which, increased compliance costs are ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services.
the company has responded by putting in place a corporate climate change action plan, together with individual business unit climate change management plans in order to undertake actions in four major areas:
•   equipping the company for a low emission world, for example by integrating ghg forecasting and reporting into company procedures; utilizing ghg pricing in planning economics; developing systems to handle ghg market transactions.
•   reducing ghg emissions—in 2014, the company reduced or avoided ghg emissions by approximately 900,000 metric tonnes by carrying out a range of programs across a number of business units.
•   evaluating business opportunities such as the creation of offsets and allowances; carbon capture and storage; the use of low carbon energy and the development of low carbon technologies.
•   engaging externally—the company is a sponsor of mit’s joint program on the science and policy of global change; constructively engages in the development of climate change legislation and regulation; and discloses our progress and performance through the carbon disclosure project and the dow jones sustainability index.
the company uses an estimated market cost of ghg emissions in the range of $8 to $35 per tonne depending on the timing and country or region to evaluate future opportunities.
other we have deferred tax assets related to certain accrued liabilities, loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards. valuation allowances have been established to reduce these deferred tax assets to an amount that will, more likely than not, be realized. based on our historical taxable income, our expectations for the future, and available tax-planning strategies, management expects the net deferred tax assets will be realized as offsets to reversing deferred tax liabilities and as offsets to the tax consequences of future taxable income.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. see note 1—accounting policies, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for descriptions of our major accounting policies. certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used. these critical accounting estimates are discussed with the audit and finance committee of the board of directors at least annually. we believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates, along with the discussions of contingencies and of deferred tax asset valuation allowances in this report, address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
oil and gas accounting accounting for oil and gas exploratory activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry. the acquisition of geological and geophysical seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs. however, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil and gas reserves have been discovered on the prospect.
property acquisition costs for individually significant leaseholds, management periodically assesses for impairment based on exploration and drilling efforts to date. for relatively small individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves and pools that leasehold information with others in the geographic area. for prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high. this judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in exploration expense.
this judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively. at year-end 2015, the book value of the pools of property acquisition costs, that individually are relatively small and thus subject to the above-described periodic leasehold impairment calculation, was $515 million and the accumulated impairment reserve was $191 million. the weighted-average judgmental percentage probability of ultimate failure was approximately 74 percent, and the weighted-average amortization period was approximately three years. if that judgmental percentage were to be raised by 5 percent across all calculations, pre-tax leasehold impairment expense in 2016 would increase by approximately $7 million. at year-end 2015, the remaining $4,501 million of net capitalized unproved property costs consisted primarily of individually significant leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, suspended exploratory wells, and capitalized interest. of this amount, approximately $3 billion is concentrated in 12 major development areas, the majority of which are not expected to move to proved properties in 2016. management periodically assesses individually significant leaseholds for impairment based on the results of exploration and drilling efforts and the outlook for commercialization.
exploratory costs for exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or “suspended,” on the balance sheet, pending a determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by the drilling effort to justify completion of the find as a producing well.
if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made. the accounting notion of “sufficient progress” is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable. often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or co-venturer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control. exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits, and believe they will be obtained. once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves. for complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or co-venturer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting. once a determination is made the well did not encounter potentially economic oil and gas quantities, the well costs are expensed as a dry hole and reported in exploration expense.
management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as a dry hole when it determines the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term. criteria utilized in making this determination include evaluation of the reservoir characteristics and hydrocarbon properties, expected development costs, ability to apply existing technology to produce the reserves, fiscal terms, regulations or contract negotiations, and our expected return on investment.
at year-end 2015, total suspended well costs were $1,260 million, compared with $1,299 million at year-end 2014. for additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis, see note 8—suspended wells and other exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
proved reserves engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information. reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits. the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of “proved” reserve estimates due to the importance of these estimates to better understand the perceived value and future cash flows of a company’s operations. there are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as “proved.” our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines. we have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates.
proved reserve estimates are adjusted annually in the fourth quarter and during the year if significant changes occur, and take into account recent production and subsurface information about each field. also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will be permanently shut down for economic reasons is based on 12-month average prices and current costs. this estimated date when production will end affects the amount of estimated reserves. therefore, as prices and cost levels change from year to year, the estimate of proved reserves also changes. generally, our proved reserves decrease as prices decline and increase as prices rise.
our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to production sharing contracts, reported under the “economic interest” method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices; recoverable operating expenses; and capital costs. if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices. we would expect reserves from these contracts to decrease when product prices rise and increase when prices decline.
the estimation of proved developed reserves also is important to the income statement because the proved developed reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the dd&a of the capitalized costs for that asset. at year-end 2015, the net book value of productive properties, plants and equipment (pp&e) subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $58 billion and the dd&a recorded on these assets in 2015 was approximately $8.7 billion. the estimated proved developed reserves for our consolidated operations were 4.6 billion boe at the end of 2014 and 4.0 billion boe at the end of 2015. if the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, pre-tax dd&a in 2015 would have increased by an estimated $960 million.
impairments long-lived assets used in operations are assessed for impairment whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate a possible significant deterioration in future cash flows expected to be generated by an asset group and annually in the fourth quarter following updates to corporate planning assumptions. if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, the asset is monitored by management through an established process where changes to significant assumptions such as prices, volumes and future development plans are reviewed. if, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted pre-tax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value. individual assets are grouped for impairment purposes based on a judgmental assessment of the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets—generally on a field-by-field basis for exploration and production assets. because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible. the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on judgmental assessments of future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available information at the date of review. differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment in any period. see note 9—impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are reviewed for impairment when there is evidence of a loss in value and annually following updates to corporate planning assumptions. such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment’s carrying amount. when it is determined such a loss in value is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment’s carrying value and its estimated fair value. when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee’s financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment. since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate. differing assumptions could affect the timing and the amount of an impairment of an investment in any period.
asset retirement obligations and environmental costs under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites. our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska. the fair values of obligations for dismantling and removing these facilities are recorded as a liability and an increase to pp&e at the time of installation of the asset based on estimated discounted costs. estimating future asset removal costs is difficult. most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs. asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, are also subject to change.
normally, changes in asset removal obligations are reflected in the income statement as increases or decreases to dd&a over the remaining life of the assets. however, for assets at or nearing the end of their operations, as well as previously sold assets for which we retained the asset removal obligation, an increase in the asset removal obligation can result in an immediate charge to earnings, because any increase in pp&e due to the increased obligation would immediately be subject to impairment, due to the low fair value of these properties.
in addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects. these are primarily related to remediation activities required by canada and various states within the united states at exploration and production sites. future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties. see note 10—asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
projected benefit obligations determination of the projected benefit obligations for our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are important to the recorded amounts for such obligations on the balance sheet and to the amount of benefit expense in the income statement. the actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates, and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees. due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements. for employee retirement income security act-governed pension plans, the actuary exercises fiduciary care on behalf of plan participants in the determination of the judgmental assumptions used in determining required company contributions into the plans. due to differing objectives and requirements between financial accounting rules and the pension plan funding regulations promulgated by governmental agencies, the actuarial methods and assumptions for the two purposes differ in certain important respects. ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic financial statements and funding patterns over time. projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption. a 1 percent decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by $1,100 million. benefit expense is particularly sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions. a 1 percent decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $100 million, while a 1 percent decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $70 million. in determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans. we are also exposed to the possibility that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of
unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains. these benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict. in the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or elimination for a significant number of employees the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss. see note 18—employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
contingencies a number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business. management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages, and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts, and other legal disputes. as we learn new facts concerning contingences, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure. however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration, or other third party decisions; settlement discussions; evaluation of scope of damages; interpretation of regulatory or contractual terms; expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties. estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes. for additional information on contingent liabilities, see the “contingencies” section within “capital resources and liquidity.”
cautionary statement for the purposes of the “safe harbor” provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. all statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth in 2016 and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning future dividends. you can often identify our forward-looking statements by the words “anticipate,” “estimate,” “believe,” “budget,” “continue,” “could,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “seek,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “expect,” “objective,” “projection,” “forecast,” “goal,” “guidance,” “outlook,” “effort,” “target” and similar expressions.
we based the forward-looking statements on our current expectations, estimates and projections about ourselves and the industries in which we operate in general. we caution you these statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve assumptions that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect, and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict. in addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. accordingly, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what we have expressed or forecast in the forward-looking statements. any differences could result from a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following:
•   fluctuations in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels.
•   the impact of recent, significant declines in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids, which may result in recognition of impairment costs on our long-lived assets, leaseholds and nonconsolidated equity investments.
•   potential failures or delays in achieving expected reserve or production levels from existing and future oil and gas developments due to operating hazards, drilling risks and the inherent uncertainties in predicting reserves and reservoir performance.
•   inability to maintain reserves replacement rates consistent with prior periods, whether as a result of the recent, significant declines in commodity prices or otherwise.
•   unsuccessful exploratory drilling activities or the inability to obtain access to exploratory acreage.
•   unexpected changes in costs or technical requirements for constructing, modifying or operating exploration and production facilities.
•   legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing environmental concerns, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water disposal.
•   lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids.
•   inability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for drilling and/or development, construction of lng terminals or regasification facilities; comply with government regulations; or make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance.
•   failure to complete definitive agreements and feasibility studies for, and to timely complete construction of, announced and future exploration and production and lng development.
•   potential disruption or interruption of our operations due to accidents, extraordinary weather events, civil unrest, political events, terrorism, cyber attacks or infrastructure constraints or disruptions.
•   international monetary conditions and exchange controls, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
•   substantial investment or reduced demand for products as a result of existing or future environmental rules and regulations, use of competing energy sources or the development of alternative energy sources.
•   liability for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations, under environmental regulations.
•   general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities; expropriation of assets; changes in governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and natural gas liquids pricing, regulation or taxation; other political, economic or diplomatic developments; and international monetary fluctuations.
•   volatility in the commodity futures markets.
•   changes in tax and other laws, regulations (including alternative energy mandates), or royalty rules applicable to our business.
•   limited access to capital or significantly higher cost of capital related to illiquidity or uncertainty in the domestic or international financial markets.
•   inability to obtain economical financing for development, construction or modification of facilities and general corporate purposes.
•   the operation and financing of our joint ventures.
•   the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us.
•   the factors generally described in item 1a—risk factors in this report.