item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered in evaluating our business and future prospects.  please note that additional risks not presently known to us or that are currently considered immaterial may also have a negative impact on our business and operations.  if any of the events or circumstances described below actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer and the trading price of our common stock could decline.
natural gas, ngl and oil price volatility, or a prolonged period of low natural gas, ngl and oil prices, may have an adverse effect upon our revenue, profitability, future rate of growth, liquidity and financial position.
our revenue, profitability, future rate of growth, liquidity and financial position depend upon the prices for natural gas, ngls and oil.  the prices for natural gas, ngls and oil have historically been volatile, and we expect this volatility to continue in the future.  the prices are affected by a number of factors beyond our control, which include: weather conditions and seasonal trends; the supply of and demand for natural gas, ngls and oil; regional basis differentials; national and worldwide economic and political conditions; the ability to export liquefied natural gas; the effect of energy conservation efforts; the price and availability of alternative fuels; the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, other transportation facilities, and gathering, processing and storage facilities; and government regulations, such as regulation of natural gas transportation and price controls. the market prices for natural gas, ngls and oil were depressed throughout 2015 and the early part of 2016. the average daily prices for nymex henry hub natural gas ranged from a high of $3.23 per mmbtu to a low of $1.76 per mmbtu from january 1, 2015 through february 10, 2016, and the average daily prices for nymex west texas intermediate crude oil ranged from a high of $61.43 per barrel to a low of $26.55 per barrel during the same period. in addition, the market price for natural gas in the appalachian basin continues to be lower relative to nymex henry hub as a result of the significant increases in the supply of natural gas in the northeast region in recent years. due to the volatility of commodity prices, we are unable to predict future potential movements in the market prices for natural gas, including appalachian basis, ngls and oil and thus cannot predict the ultimate impact of prices on our operations. however, we do expect natural gas and ngl prices, particularly in the appalachian basin, to remain depressed during 2016.
recent decreases in natural gas, ngl and oil prices have resulted in lower revenues, operating income and cash flows. prolonged low, and/or significant or extended further declines in, natural gas, ngl and oil prices may result in further decreases in our revenues, operating income and cash flows, which may result in further reductions in drilling activity, delays in the construction of new midstream infrastructure and downgrades or other negative rating actions with respect to our credit ratings. further declines in prices could also adversely affect the amount of natural gas, ngls and oil that we can produce economically, which may result in the company having to make significant downward adjustments to the value of our oil and gas and certain midstream properties and could cause us to incur additional non-cash impairment charges to earnings in future periods. see "impairment of oil and gas properties" under item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "recent natural gas, ngl and oil price declines have resulted in impairment of certain of our non-core oil and gas properties. future declines in commodity prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance may result in additional write-downs of the carrying amounts of our assets, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in future periods." below. moreover, a failure to control our development costs during periods of lower natural gas, ngl and oil prices could have significant adverse effects on our earnings, cash flows and financial position. we are also exposed to the risk of non-performance by our hedge counterparties in the event that changes, positive or negative, in natural gas prices result in derivative contracts with a positive fair value.
increases in natural gas, ngl and oil prices may be accompanied by or result in increased well drilling costs, increased production taxes, increased lease operating expenses, increased volatility in seasonal gas price spreads for our storage assets and increased end-user conservation or conversion to alternative fuels.  significant natural gas price increases may subject us to margin calls on our commodity price derivative contracts (hedging arrangements, including swap, collar and option agreements and exchange-traded instruments) which would potentially require us to post significant amounts of cash collateral with our hedge counterparties. the cash collateral, which is interest-bearing, provided to our hedge counterparties, is returned to us in whole or in part upon a reduction in forward market prices, depending on the amount of such reduction, or in whole upon settlement of the related derivative contract.  in addition, to the extent we have hedged our current production at prices below the current market price, we are unable to benefit fully from an increase in the price of natural gas.
we are subject to risks associated with the operation of our wells, pipelines and facilities.
our business is subject to all of the inherent hazards and risks normally incidental to the operations for drilling, producing, transporting and storing natural gas, ngls and oil, such as well site blowouts, cratering and explosions, pipe and other equipment and system failures, uncontrolled flows of natural gas or well fluids, fires, formations with abnormal pressures, pollution and
environmental risks and natural disasters.  we also face various threats to the security of our or third parties' facilities and infrastructure, such as processing plants, compressor stations and pipelines.  these risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, pollution or other environmental damage, disruptions to our operations, regulatory investigations and penalties and loss of sensitive confidential information.  moreover, in the event that one or more of these hazards occur, there can be no assurance that a response will be adequate to limit or reduce damage.  as a result of these risks, we are also sometimes a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business.  there can be no assurance that the insurance policies we maintain to limit our liability for such losses will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that such levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices or to cover all risks.
our failure to develop, obtain, access or maintain the necessary infrastructure to successfully deliver gas, ngls and oil to market may adversely affect our earnings, cash flows and results of operations.
our delivery of natural gas, ngls and oil depends upon the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, other transportation facilities and gathering and processing facilities. the capacity of transmission, gathering and processing facilities may be insufficient to accommodate potential production from existing and new wells, which may result in substantial discounts in the prices we receive for our natural gas, ngls and oil. competition for pipeline infrastructure within the appalachian basin is intense, and many of our competitors have substantially greater financial resources than we do, which could affect our competitive position. the company's investment in midstream infrastructure, primarily through eqm, is intended to address a lack of capacity on, and access to, existing gathering and transmission pipelines as well as curtailments on such pipelines. our infrastructure development and maintenance programs can involve significant risks, including those related to timing, cost overruns and operational efficiency, and these risks can be affected by the availability of capital, materials and qualified contractors and work force, as well as weather conditions, natural gas, ngl and oil price volatility, delays in obtaining permits and other government approvals, title and property access problems, geology, compliance by third parties with their contractual obligations to us and other factors.  moreover, if our infrastructure development and maintenance programs are not successfully developed on time and within budget, we may not be able to profitably fulfill our contractual obligations to third parties, including joint venture partners.
we also deliver to and are served by third-party natural gas, ngl and oil transmission, gathering, processing and storage facilities that are limited in number, geographically concentrated and subject to the same risks identified above with respect to our infrastructure development and maintenance programs.  because we do not own these third-party pipelines or facilities, their continuing operation is not within our control. an extended interruption of access to or service from our or third-party pipelines and facilities for any reason, including cyber-attacks on such pipelines and facilities or service interruptions due to gas quality, could result in adverse consequences to us, such as delays in producing and selling our natural gas, ngls and oil.  in such an event, we might have to shut in our wells awaiting a pipeline connection or capacity and/or sell our production at prices lower than market prices or at prices lower than we currently project.  in addition, some of our third-party contracts involve significant long-term financial commitments on our part.  moreover, our usage of third parties for transmission, gathering and processing services subjects us to the credit and performance risk of such third parties and may make us dependent upon those third parties to get our produced natural gas, ngls and oil to market.
also, our producing properties and operations are primarily in the appalachian basin, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating in limited geographic areas. as a result, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of delays or interruptions of production caused by transportation capacity constraints, curtailment of production, availability of equipment, facilities, personnel or services, significant governmental regulation, natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, plant closures for scheduled maintenance or interruption of transportation of natural gas and ngls produced from this area.
strategic determinations, including the allocation of capital and other resources to strategic opportunities, are challenging, and our failure to appropriately allocate capital and resources among our strategic opportunities may adversely affect our financial condition and reduce our future growth rate.
our future growth prospects are dependent upon our ability to identify optimal strategies for our business. in developing our 2016 business plan, we considered allocating capital and other resources to various aspects of our businesses, including well development, reserve acquisitions, exploratory activities, midstream infrastructure, corporate items and other alternatives.  we also considered our likely sources of capital.  notwithstanding the determinations made in the development of our 2016 plan, business opportunities not previously identified periodically come to our attention, including possible acquisitions and dispositions. if we fail to identify optimal business strategies, including the appropriate rate of reserve development, or fail to optimize our capital investment and capital raising opportunities and the use of our other resources in furtherance of our business strategies, our financial condition and growth rate may be adversely affected.  moreover, economic or other circumstances may change from those contemplated by our 2016 plan, and our failure to recognize or respond to those changes may limit our ability to achieve our objectives.
we periodically engage in acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions, including joint ventures.  these transactions involve various inherent risks, such as our ability to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals; the timing of and conditions imposed upon us by regulators in connection with such approvals; and our ability to achieve benefits anticipated to result from the transactions.  in addition, various factors including prevailing market conditions could negatively impact the benefits we receive from transactions.  joint venture arrangements may restrict our operational and corporate flexibility. moreover, joint venture arrangements involve various risks and uncertainties, such as committing us to fund operating and/or capital expenditures, the timing and amount of which we may have little control over, and our joint venture partners may not satisfy their obligations to the joint venture. our inability to complete a transaction or to achieve our strategic or financial goals in any transaction could have significant adverse effects on our earnings, cash flows and financial position.
our need to comply with comprehensive, complex and sometimes unpredictable government regulations may increase our costs and limit our revenue growth, which may result in reduced earnings.
our operations are regulated extensively at the federal, state and local levels.  laws, regulations and other legal requirements have increased the cost to plan, design, drill, install, operate and abandon wells, gathering and transmission systems and pipelines. our exploration and production operations are subject to various types of federal, state and local laws and regulations, including regulations related to the location of wells; the method of drilling, well construction, well stimulation, hydraulic fracturing and casing design; water withdrawal and procurement for well stimulation purposes; well production; spill prevention plans; the use, transportation, storage and disposal of fluids and materials incidental to oil and gas operations; surface usage and the reclamation of properties upon which wells or other facilities have been located; the plugging and abandoning of wells; the calculation, reporting and disbursement of royalties and taxes; and the gathering of production in certain circumstances. these regulations and any delays in obtaining related authorizations may affect the costs and timing of developing our natural gas resources.
our operations are also subject to conservation and correlative rights regulations, including the regulation of the size of drilling and spacing units or field rule units; setbacks; the number of wells that may be drilled in a unit or in close proximity to other wells; drilling in the vicinity of coal mining operations and certain other structures; and the unitization or pooling of natural gas properties. some states allow the statutory pooling or integration of tracts to facilitate development and exploration, as well as joint development of existing contiguous leases. in addition, state conservation and oil and gas laws generally limit the venting or flaring of natural gas, and may set production allowances on the amount of annual production permitted from a well.
environmental, health and safety legal requirements govern discharges of substances into the air and water; the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes; the clean-up of contaminated sites; groundwater quality and availability; plant and wildlife protection; locations available for drilling and pipeline construction; environmental impact studies and assessments prior to permitting; restoration of drilling properties after drilling is completed; pipeline safety (including replacement requirements); and work practices related to employee health and safety.  compliance with the laws, regulations and other legal requirements applicable to our businesses may increase our cost of doing business or result in delays due to the need to obtain additional or more detailed governmental approvals and permits.  these requirements could also subject us to claims for personal injuries, property damage and other damages.  our failure to comply with the laws, regulations and other legal requirements applicable to our businesses, even if as a result of factors beyond our control, could result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject us to administrative, civil and criminal penalties and damages.
the rates charged to customers by our gathering, transmission and storage businesses are, in many cases, subject to federal regulation by the ferc, which may prohibit us from realizing a level of return that we believe is appropriate. these restrictions may take the form of lower overall rates, imputed revenue credits, cost disallowances and/or expense deferrals. certain natural gas gathering facilities are exempted from regulation by the ferc. we believe that many of our natural gas facilities meet the traditional tests the ferc has used to establish a pipeline's status as an exempt gatherer not subject to regulation as a natural gas company, although the ferc has not made a formal determination with respect to the jurisdictional status of those facilities. however, the distinction between ferc-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services is the subject of ongoing litigation within the industry, so the classification and regulation of some of our facilities may be subject to change based on future determinations by the ferc, the courts or the u.s. congress. failure to comply with applicable provisions of the laws governing the regulation and safety of natural gas gathering, transmission and storage facilities, as well as with the regulations, rules, orders, restrictions and conditions associated with these laws, could result in the imposition of administrative and criminal remedies and civil penalties of up to $200,000 per day for each violation up to a maximum penalty of $2,000,000 for a related series of violations.
laws, regulations and other legal requirements are constantly changing, and implementation of compliant processes in response to such changes could be costly and time consuming.  in addition to periodic changes to air, water and waste laws, as well as recent epa initiatives to impose climate change-based air regulations on the industry, the u.s. congress and various states have been evaluating and, in certain cases, have enacted climate-related legislation and other regulatory initiatives that would
further restrict emissions of greenhouse gases, including methane (a primary component of natural gas) and carbon dioxide (a byproduct of burning natural gas). such restrictions may result in additional compliance obligations with respect to, or taxes on the release, capture and use of, greenhouse gases that could have an adverse effect on our operations.
another area of regulation is hydraulic fracturing, which we utilize to complete most of our natural gas wells. certain environmental and other groups have suggested that additional laws and regulations may be needed to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process, and legislation or regulation has been proposed or is under discussion at federal, state and local levels. for instance, legislation or regulation banning hydraulic fracturing has been adopted in a number of jurisdictions in which we do not have drilling operations. we cannot predict whether any other such federal, state or local legislation or regulation will be enacted and, if enacted, how it may affect our operations, but enactment of additional laws or regulations could increase our operating costs, result in delays in production or delivery of natural gas or perhaps even preclude us from drilling wells.
recent discussions regarding the federal budget have included proposals that could potentially increase and accelerate the payment of federal and collaterally state income taxes of independent producers with the potential repeal of the ability to expense intangible drilling costs having the most significant potential future impact to us. these changes, if enacted, will make it more costly for us to explore for and develop our natural gas resources.
the rates of federal, state and local taxes applicable to the industries in which we operate, including production taxes paid by eqt production, which often fluctuate, could be increased by the various taxing authorities.  in addition, the tax laws, rules and regulations that affect our business, such as the imposition of a new severance tax (a tax on the extraction of natural resources) in states in which we produce gas, could change. any such increase or change could adversely impact our earnings, cash flows and financial position.
in 2010, the u.s. congress adopted comprehensive financial reform legislation that establishes federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivative market and entities, such as the company, that participate in that market. the legislation, known as the dodd-frank act, required the cftc, the sec and other regulatory agencies to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the legislation. as of the filing date of this annual report, the cftc had adopted and implemented many final rules that impose regulatory obligations on all market participants, including us, such as recordkeeping and certain reporting obligations.  other rules that may be relevant to us or our counterparties have yet to be finalized.  because significant rules relevant to natural gas hedging activities are still at the proposal stage, it is not possible at this time to predict the extent of the impact of the regulations on our hedging program, including available counterparties, or regulatory compliance obligations.  we have experienced increased, and anticipate additional, compliance costs and changes to current market practices as participants continue to adapt to a changing regulatory environment.
we have substantial capital requirements, and we may not be able to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all.
we and eqm rely upon access to both short-term bank and money markets and longer-term capital markets as sources of liquidity for any capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flows from operations or other sources.  future challenges in the global financial system, including access to capital markets and changes in the terms of and cost of capital, including increases in interest rates, may adversely affect our or eqm's business and financial condition.  our and eqm's ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we or eqm desire, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our or eqm's flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions or our ability to implement our business strategies. adverse economic and market conditions could adversely affect the collectability of our trade receivables and cause our commodity hedging counterparties to be unable to perform their obligations or to seek bankruptcy protection.  future challenges in the economy could also lead to reduced demand for natural gas, ngls and oil which could have a negative impact on our and eqm's revenues and credit ratings.
as of february 10, 2016, our long-term debt was rated "baa3" by moody's investors services (moody's), "bbb" by standard & poor's ratings service (s&p), and "bbb-" by fitch ratings service (fitch), and eqm's long-term debt was rated "ba1" by moody's, "bbb-" by s&p, and "bbb-" by fitch. although we are not aware of any current plans of moody's, s&p or fitch to lower their respective ratings on our or eqm's debt, we cannot be assured that our or eqm's credit ratings will not be downgraded or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. on december 16, 2015, moody's announced that it had placed 29 u.s. exploration and production companies, including the company, under review for a downgrade due to the low commodity price environment. on january 25, 2016, moody's also announced that it had placed three midstream partnerships, including eqm, under review for a downgrade primarily due to their affiliations with sponsoring exploration and production companies. low prices for natural gas, ngls and oil or an increase in the level of our indebtedness in the future may result in a downgrade in the ratings that are assigned to our or eqm's debt.  if moody's or another credit rating agency downgrades the ratings, particularly below investment grade, our or eqm's access to the capital markets may be limited, borrowing costs and margin deposits on our
derivatives would increase, we may be required to provide additional credit assurances in support of pipeline capacity contracts, the amount of which may be substantial, or we or eqm may be required to provide additional credit assurances related to joint venture arrangements or construction contracts, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and liquidity. investment grade refers to the quality of a company's credit as assessed by one or more credit rating agencies. in order to be considered investment grade, the company must be rated "bbb-" or higher by s&p, "baa3" or higher by moody's and "bbb-" or higher by fitch.
the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategic, operational and financial plans.
our operations are dependent upon key management and technical personnel, and one or more of these individuals could leave our employment. the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on us. in addition, the success of our operations will depend, in part, on our ability to attract, develop and retain experienced personnel. there is competition within our industry for experienced technical personnel and certain other professionals, which could increase the costs associated with attracting and retaining such personnel. if we cannot attract, develop and retain our technical and professional personnel or attract additional experienced technical and professional personnel, our ability to compete could be harmed.
negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry resulting from, among other things, oil spills, the explosion of natural gas transmission and gathering lines and concerns raised by advocacy groups about hydraulic fracturing and pipeline projects, may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny which may, in turn, lead to new local, state and federal safety and environmental laws, regulations, guidelines and enforcement interpretations.  these actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating costs, additional regulatory burdens and increased risk of litigation.  moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public may engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts. negative public perception could cause the permits we need to conduct our operations to be withheld, delayed or burdened by requirements that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our business.
cyber incidents may adversely impact our operations.
our business has become increasingly dependent upon digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications, to operate our production and midstream businesses, and the maintenance of our financial and other records has long been dependent upon such technologies. the u.s. government has issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of cyber security threats. deliberate attacks on, or unintentional events affecting, our systems or infrastructure, the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud could lead to corruption or loss of our proprietary data and potentially sensitive data, delays in production or delivery of natural gas, ngls and oil, difficulty in completing and settling transactions, challenges in maintaining our books and records, communication interruptions, environmental damage, personal injury, property damage, other operational disruptions and third-party liability.  further, as cyber incidents continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents.
our failure to assess production opportunities based on market conditions could negatively impact our long-term growth prospects for our production business.
our goal of sustaining long-term growth for our production business is contingent upon our ability to identify production opportunities based on market conditions.  our decision to drill a well is subject to a number of factors which may alter our drilling schedule or our plans to drill at all. we may have difficulty drilling all of the wells before the lease term expires which could result in the loss of certain leasehold rights, or we could drill wells in locations where we do not have the necessary infrastructure to deliver the natural gas, ngls and oil to market.  moreover, an incorrect determination of legal title to our wells could result in liability to the owner of the natural gas or oil rights and an impairment to our assets. successfully identifying production opportunities involves a high degree of business experience, knowledge and careful evaluation of potential opportunities, along with subjective judgments and assumptions that may prove to be incorrect.  for example, seismic data is subject to interpretation and may not accurately identify the presence of natural gas or other hydrocarbons. certain of our future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, this failure could adversely affect our business, results of operations or liquidity. because we have a limited operating history in certain areas, our future operating results may be difficult to forecast, and our failure to sustain high growth rates in the future could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
recent natural gas, ngl and oil price declines have resulted in impairment of certain of our non-core oil and gas properties. future declines in commodity prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance may result in additional write-downs of the carrying amounts of our assets, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in future periods.
we review the carrying values of our proved oil and gas properties generally on a field-by-field basis for indications of impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the remaining carrying value may not be recoverable. a significant amount of judgment is involved in performing these evaluations since the results are based on estimated future events. the estimated future cash flows used to test those properties for recoverability are based on proved and, if determined reasonable by management, risk-adjusted probable reserves, utilizing assumptions generally consistent with the assumptions utilized by the company's management for internal planning and budgeting purposes, including, among other things, the use of the asset, anticipated production from reserves, future market prices for natural gas, ngls and oil, future operating costs and inflation.  commodity pricing is estimated by using a combination of the five-year nymex forward strip prices and assumptions related to gas quality, basis and inflation. proved oil and gas properties that have carrying amounts in excess of estimated future cash flows are written down to fair value, which is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using discount rate assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value.
our estimate of the fair value of our assets depends on the prices of natural gas, ngls and oil. primarily as a result of declines in the five-year nymex forward strip prices during 2015, we recorded non-cash, pre-tax impairment charges of $94.3 million and $105.2 million to our proved oil and gas properties in the non-core permian basin during 2015 and 2014, respectively. further declines in natural gas, ngl or oil prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance, among other things, may result in our having to make significant future downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves and/or could result in additional non-cash impairment charges to write-down the carrying amount of our oil and gas properties, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. see "impairment of oil and gas properties" under item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
the amount and timing of actual future natural gas, ngl and oil production is difficult to predict and may vary significantly from our estimates, which may reduce our earnings.
our future success depends upon our ability to develop additional gas reserves that are economically recoverable and to optimize existing well production, and our failure to do so may reduce our earnings.  our drilling and subsequent maintenance of wells can involve significant risks, including those related to timing, cost overruns and operational efficiency, and these risks can be affected by the availability of capital, leases, rigs, equipment, a qualified work force, and adequate capacity for the treatment and recycling or disposal of waste water generated in our operations, as well as weather conditions, natural gas, ngl and oil price volatility, government approvals, title and property access problems, geology, equipment failure or accidents and other factors.  drilling for natural gas, ngls and oil can be unprofitable, not only from dry wells, but from productive wells that do not produce sufficient revenues to return a profit.  additionally, a failure to effectively and efficiently operate existing wells may cause production volumes to fall short of our projections.  without continued successful development or acquisition activities, together with effective operation of existing wells, our reserves and revenues will decline as a result of our current reserves being depleted by production.
we also rely on third parties for certain construction, drilling and completion services, materials and supplies.  delays or failures to perform by such third parties could adversely impact our earnings, cash flows and financial position.
the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves will not be the same as the current market value of our estimated natural gas, ngl and oil reserves.
you should not assume that the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated natural gas, ngls and oil reserves.  in accordance with sec requirements, we based the discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the twelve month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for the preceding twelve months without giving effect to derivative transactions. actual future net cash flows from our properties will be affected by factors such as the actual prices we receive for natural gas, ngls and oil, the amount, timing and cost of actual production and changes in governmental regulations or taxation.  in addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating the standardized measure may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the natural gas, ngl and oil industry in general.
our proved reserves are estimates that are based upon many assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate.  any significant change in these underlying assumptions will greatly affect the quantities and present value of our reserves.
reserve engineering is a subjective process involving estimates of underground accumulations of natural gas, ngls and oil and assumptions concerning future prices, production levels and operating and development costs, some of which are beyond our control.   these estimates and assumptions are inherently imprecise, and we may adjust our estimates of proved reserves based on changes in these estimates or assumptions.  as a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves and projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may prove to be inaccurate.   any significant variance from our assumptions could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of natural gas, ngls and oil, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of the future net cash flows.  numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of natural gas, ngls and oil we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," for further discussion regarding the company's exposure to market risks, including the risks associated with our use of derivative contracts to hedge commodity prices.
item 7.                     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consolidated results of continuing operations
•annual production sales volumes of 603.1 bcfe, 27% higher than 2014
•marcellus sales volumes of 505.1 bcfe, 34% higher than 2014
•gathered volumes of 754.3 tbtu, 28% higher than 2014
•eqm completed two underwritten public offerings of common units representing limited partner interests income from continuing operations attributable to eqt corporation for 2015 was $85.2 million, $0.56 per diluted share, compared with $385.6 million, $2.53 per diluted share, in 2014. the $300.4 million decrease in income from continuing operations attributable to eqt corporation was primarily attributable to a 36% decrease in the average realized price to eqt corporation for production sales volumes, higher operating expenses and higher net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of eqm and eqgp, partially offset by a 27% increase in production sales volumes, increased gains on derivatives not designated as hedges, increased gathering and transmission revenues and lower income tax expense. operating expenses for 2015 and 2014 include $122.5 million and $267.3 million, respectively, of pre-tax, non-cash impairment charges related to the company's oil and gas properties, which are included in the impairment of long-lived assets in the statements of consolidated income.
the average realized price to eqt corporation for production sales volumes was $2.67 per mcfe for 2015 compared to $4.16 per mcfe for 2014. the decrease in the average realized price was driven by lower nymex natural gas prices net of cash settled derivatives, lower ngl prices and a lower average differential, which includes appalachian basin basis, recoveries and cash settled basis swaps. recoveries represent differences in natural gas prices between the appalachian basin and other markets reached by utilizing transportation capacity, differences in natural gas prices between appalachian basin and fixed price sales contracts, term sales with fixed differentials to nymex and other marketing activity, including capacity releases.
the company's volume weighted average nymex natural gas index price was $2.66 per mmbtu for 2015, 39% lower than the average index price of $4.38 per mmbtu in 2014. in addition, the average differential decreased by $0.15 per mcf, primarily due to lower appalachian basin basis. the company's average ngl price was $18.84 per barrel for 2015, compared to $41.94 per barrel for 2014.
operating income was $563.1 million in 2015 compared to $853.4 million in 2014, a decrease of $290.3 million. eqt midstream's operating income increased by $89.1 million in 2015, primarily due to increases in gathering and transmission revenues as a result of production development in the marcellus shale, which was more than offset by a $401.1 million decrease in eqt production's operating income in 2015. the average realized price to eqt production decreased to $1.74 per mcfe in 2015 compared to $3.23 per mcfe in 2014. the decrease in the average realized price to eqt production was offset by an increase in sales volumes of 27% primarily as a result of increased production from the 2014 and 2013 drilling programs in the marcellus acreage, partially offset by the normal production decline in the company's producing wells. eqt production total operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 also included $385.1 million of derivative gains for derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments compared to $83.8 million of derivative gains not designated as hedges and $24.8 million of gains for ineffectiveness of financial hedges for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increased derivative gains for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to favorable changes in the fair market value of eqt production's nymex swaps due to decreased forward nymex prices during the year ended december 31, 2015. eqt production received $170.3 million and $36.5 million of net cash settlements for derivatives not designated as hedges for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these net cash settlements are included in the average realized price discussion.
operating expenses for 2015 were $1,776.6 million compared to $1,650.5 million in 2014, an increase of $126.1 million. this increase was primarily attributable to higher depreciation, depletion, and amortization (dd&a) expense, higher transportation and processing expenses and higher exploration costs, partially offset by a favorable depletion rate and a decrease in the impairment of long-lived assets.
income from continuing operations attributable to eqt corporation for 2014 was $385.6 million, $2.53 per diluted share, compared with $298.7 million, $1.97 per diluted share, in 2013. the $86.9 million increase in income from continuing operations attributable to eqt corporation was primarily attributable to a 26% increase in production sales volumes, favorable gains on derivatives not designated as hedges, increases in contracted transmission capacity and throughput and gathered volumes, favorable changes in hedging ineffectiveness, and lower interest expense. these factors were partially offset by impairments of long-lived assets, higher net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of eqm, higher transportation and processing expenses, higher income tax expense, higher selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense and higher dd&a expense.
operating income was $853.4 million in 2014 compared to $654.6 million in 2013, an increase of $198.8 million. eqt production sales volumes increased 26% primarily as a result of increased production from the 2014 and 2013 drilling programs in the marcellus acreage partially offset by the normal production decline in the company's producing wells. the average realized price to eqt production for sales volumes was $3.23 per mcfe in 2014 compared to $3.15 per mcfe in 2013. eqt production total operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 included $83.8 million of derivative gains for derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments compared to $0.3 million of derivative losses for the year ended december 31, 2013. for the year ended december 31, 2014, eqt production received $36.5 million of net cash settlements for derivatives not designated as hedges which is included in the average realized price to eqt production of $3.23 per mcfe in 2014. the year ended december 31, 2014 also included a $24.8 million gain for hedging ineffectiveness of financial hedges compared to a $21.3 million loss for ineffectiveness of financial hedges for the year ended december 31, 2013.
transmission operating revenues increased in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting continued production development in the marcellus shale by affiliate and third-party producers. the increase primarily resulted from higher firm transmission contracted capacity and throughput for third parties and eqt production and higher interruptible transmission service. gathering revenues increased primarily as a result of higher affiliate volumes gathered in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by production development in the marcellus shale. eqt midstream significantly increased firm reservation fee revenues in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of increased capacity under firm contracts with affiliates. the decrease in usage fees under interruptible contracts was primarily due to affiliates contracting for additional firm capacity.
operating expenses for 2014 were $1,650.5 million compared to $1,227.0 million in 2013, an increase of $423.5 million. excluding a $267.3 million impairment charge and $26.2 million increase in depreciation and depletion, operating expenses increased $130.0 million. this increase was primarily attributable to higher transportation and processing expenses and higher sg&a costs, consistent with the growth in the production and midstream businesses.
see "other income statement items" for a discussion of other income, interest expense, income taxes, income from discontinued operations and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and "investing activities" under the caption "capital resources and liquidity" for a discussion of capital expenditures.
consolidated operational data revenues earned by the company from the sale of natural gas, ngls and oil are split between eqt production and eqt midstream. the split is reflected in the calculation of eqt production's average realized price.  the following operational information presents detailed gross liquid and natural gas operational information as well as midstream deductions to assist in the understanding of the company's consolidated operations.
the operational information in the table below presents an average realized price ($/mcfe) to eqt production and eqt corporation, which is based on eqt production adjusted net operating revenues, a non-gaap supplemental financial measure. eqt production adjusted net operating revenues is presented because it is an important measure used by the company's management to evaluate period-to-period comparisons of earnings trends. eqt production adjusted net operating revenues should not be considered as an alternative to eqt corporation total operating revenues as reported in the statements of consolidated income, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure. see "reconciliation of non-gaap measures" following that table for a reconciliation of eqt production adjusted net operating revenues to eqt corporation total operating revenues.
third-party processing                                                                  (100,329    )              (64,313    )              (40,754    )
(a)   ngls and crude oil were converted to mcfe at the rate of six mcfe per barrel for all periods.
(c)   recoveries represent differences in natural gas prices between the appalachian basin and other markets reached by utilizing transportation capacity, differences in natural gas prices between appalachian basin and fixed price sales contracts, term sales with fixed differentials to nymex and other marketing activity, including the sale of unused pipeline capacity. recoveries include approximately $0.21, $0.19 and $0.23 per mcf for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for the sale of unused pipeline capacity.
reconciliation of non-gaap measures the table below reconciles eqt production adjusted net operating revenues, a non-gaap supplemental financial measure, to eqt corporation total operating revenues as reported in the statements of consolidated income, its most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap.
the company reports gain (loss) for hedging ineffectiveness and gain (loss) on derivatives not designated as hedges within total operating revenues in the statements of consolidated income.
eqt production adjusted net operating revenues is presented because it is an important measure used by the company's management to evaluate period-over-period comparisons of earnings trends. eqt production adjusted net operating revenues as presented excludes the revenue impact of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments prior to settlement and is net of transportation and processing costs.  management utilizes eqt production adjusted net operating revenues to evaluate earnings trends because the measure reflects only the impact of settled derivative contracts and thus does not burden the revenue from natural gas sales with the often volatile fluctuations in the fair value of derivatives prior to settlement.  eqt production adjusted net operating revenues also reflects transportation and processing costs as deductions from operating revenues because management considers the net price realized for sales of products, after the costs of processing and transporting the product to sales points, to be an indicator of the quality of earnings period-over-period.  management also considers this to be an indicator of how well the company is utilizing its transportation and processing contracts.  the sale price for natural gas is significantly impacted by the market in which the gas is sold and the expense incurred to transport and process the gas is important in evaluating the quality of earnings period-over-period because the cost of reaching a higher priced market may exceed the incremental price benefit of that market as compared to the market where the gas is produced.  this is particularly important to natural gas producers in the appalachian basin given pipeline constraints and the impact on pricing in the area.  management further believes that eqt production adjusted net operating revenues as presented provides useful information for investors for evaluating period-over-period earnings and is consistent with industry practices.
calculation of eqt production adjusted net operating revenues                                                                 years ended december 31,
eqt production total operating revenues, as reported on segment page               $1,540,889                $1,813,292                $1,310,938
(gain) loss for hedging ineffectiveness                                                     -                   (24,774    )               21,335
eqt production transportation and processing, as reported on segment page            (274,379    )             (200,562    )             (142,281    )
eqt production adjusted net operating revenues, a non-gaap measure                 $1,051,405                $1,540,649                $1,191,021
eqt production total operating revenues, as reported on segment page               $1,540,889                $1,813,292                $1,310,938
eqt midstream total operating revenues, as reported on segment page                   807,904                   699,083                   614,042
eqt corporation total operating revenues, as reported in accordance with gaap      $2,339,762                $2,469,710                $1,862,011
business segment results of operations business segment operating results from continuing operations are presented in the segment discussions and financial tables on the following pages.  operating segments are evaluated on their contribution to the company's consolidated results based on operating income.  other income, interest and income taxes are managed on a consolidated basis.  headquarters' costs are billed to the operating segments based upon a fixed allocation of the headquarters' annual operating budget.  unallocated expenses consist primarily of incentive compensation, administrative costs and for 2013, corporate overhead charges previously allocated to the company's distribution segment that were reclassified to headquarters as part of the recast of those periods to reflect the discontinued operations presentation.
the company has reported the components of each segment's operating income from continuing operations and various operational measures in the sections below, and where appropriate, has provided information describing how a measure was derived. eqt's management believes that presentation of this information provides useful information to management and investors regarding the financial condition, operations and trends of each of eqt's business segments without being obscured by the financial condition, operations and trends for the other segment or by the effects of corporate allocations of interest, income taxes and other income.  in addition, management uses these measures for budget planning purposes. purchased gas costs at eqt midstream include natural gas purchases, including natural gas purchases from affiliates, purchased gas costs adjustments and other gas supply expenses. these purchased gas costs are primarily attributable to transactions with affiliates and are eliminated in consolidation. consistent with the consolidated results, energy trading contracts recorded within storage, marketing and other revenues are reported net within operating revenues, regardless of whether the contracts are physically or financially settled. the company has reconciled each segment's operating income to the company's consolidated operating income and net income in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
eqt production results of operations years ended december 31,
2015                    2014                            % change 2015 - 2014   2013                            % change 2014 - 2013
operational data sales volume detail (mmcfe):
lease operating expenses (loe), excluding production taxes ($/mcfe)               $0.12                   $0.14                 (14.3   )                        $0.15                  (6.7            )
capital expenditures (thousands) (d)                                         $1,852,100              $2,441,486                 (24.1   )                   $1,423,185                  71.6
financial data (thousands)
gain (loss) for hedging ineffectiveness                                               -                  24,774                (100.0   )                      (21,335   )            (216.1            )
total operating revenues                                                      1,540,889               1,813,292                 (15.0   )                    1,310,938                  38.3
operating expenses:
transportation and processing                                                   274,379                 200,562                  36.8                          142,281                  41.0
impairment of long-lived assets                                                 118,268                 267,339                 (55.8   )                            -                 100.0
total operating expenses                                                      1,436,024               1,334,725                   7.6                          939,693                  42.0
gain on sale / exchange of assets                                                     -                  27,383                (100.0   )                            -                 100.0
operating income                                                               $104,865                $505,950                 (79.3   )                     $371,245                  36.3
(b)   includes 4,173 mmcfe of deep utica sales volume for the year ended december 31, 2015.
(c)   ngls and crude oil were converted to mcfe at the rate of six mcfe per barrel for all periods.
(d)   includes $167.3 million of cash capital expenditures and $349.2 million of non-cash capital expenditures for the exchange of assets with range resources corporation (range) during the year ended december 31, 2014 and $114.2 million of cash capital expenditures for the purchase of acreage and marcellus wells from chesapeake energy corporation and its partners (chesapeake) during the year ended december 31, 2013.
eqt production's operating income totaled $104.9 million for 2015 compared to $506.0 million for 2014.  the $401.1 million decrease in operating income was primarily due to a lower average realized price to eqt production and increased operating expenses partially offset by increased sales of produced natural gas and increased gains on derivatives not designated as hedges. operating expenses included non-cash impairment charges of $118.3 million in 2015 and $267.3 million in 2014. the 2015 impairment charge consisted of impairments of proved properties in the permian basin of texas of $94.3 million and impairments of proved properties in the utica shale of ohio of $4.3 million, as well as $19.7 million for unproved property impairments of non-core marcellus acreage related to lease expirations. the 2014 impairment charge consisted of impairments of proved properties in the permian basin of texas of $105.2 million and impairments of proved properties in the utica shale of ohio of $75.5 million, as well as impairments of $86.6 million associated with undeveloped properties. the proved properties impairments in 2015 and 2014 were a result of continued declines in commodity prices and insufficient recovery of hydrocarbons to support continued development. the 2015 and 2014 impairments related to the unproved properties were due to operational decisions to focus near-term development activities in the company's core marcellus and deep utica acreage.
total operating revenues were $1,540.9 million for 2015 compared to $1,813.3 million for 2014. the $272.4 million decrease in total operating revenues was primarily due to a 46% decrease in the average realized price to eqt production and a prior year gain on hedge ineffectiveness, partly offset by a 27% increase in production sales volumes and increased gains on derivatives not designated as hedges in 2015.
the $1.49 per mcfe decrease in the average realized price to eqt production for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily due to the decrease in the average nymex natural gas price net of cash settled derivatives of $1.06 per mcf, lower ngl prices and a decrease in the average natural gas differential of $0.15 per mcf. the average differential for 2015 includes lower appalachian basin basis of $0.11 per mcf. recoveries per mcf (also included in the average differential) for the year ended december 31, 2015 were consistent with the year ended december 31, 2014. recoveries represent differences in natural gas prices between the appalachian basin and other markets reached by utilizing transportation capacity, differences in natural gas prices between appalachian basin and fixed price sales contracts, term sales with fixed differentials to nymex and other marketing activity, including capacity releases. favorable recoveries in 2015 from fixed price sales contracts were offset by reduced differentials between the appalachian basin and ultimate sales prices.
the increase in production sales volumes was primarily the result of increased production from the 2013 and 2014 drilling programs in the marcellus play. this increase was partially offset by the normal production decline in the company's producing wells.
eqt production total operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 included a $385.1 million gain on derivatives not designated as hedges compared to an $83.8 million gain on derivatives not designated as hedges for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increased gains for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to favorable changes in the fair market value of eqt production's nymex swaps due to a decrease in forward nymex prices during the year ended december 31, 2015. eqt production received $170.3 million and $36.5 million of net cash settlements for derivatives not designated as hedges for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these net cash settlements are included in the average realized price discussion. for the year ended december 31, 2014, eqt production total operating revenues also included a $24.8 million gain for hedging ineffectiveness.
operating expenses totaled $1,436.0 million for 2015 compared to $1,334.7 million for 2014. the increase in operating expenses was the result of increases in dd&a, transportation and processing, exploration, sg&a, and loe expenses, partly offset by decreases in non-cash impairments of long-lived assets and production taxes. the increase in dd&a expense was the result of higher produced volumes partly offset by a lower overall depletion rate in 2015. transportation and processing expenses increased by $73.8 million due to additional contracted capacity to move eqt production's natural gas out of the appalachian basin and increased liquids processing fees. transportation and processing expenses are included in the average realized price to eqt production. exploration expense increased $40.3 million due to increased lease expirations of non-core acreage totaling $22.8 million and expenses related to exploratory wells. the increase in sg&a expense was primarily due to higher personnel costs of $14.7 million, including incentive compensation expenses, and $11.2 million of drilling program reduction charges, including rig release penalties, partly offset by $4.2 million of higher litigation and environmental remediation costs in the prior year, a $2.6 million decrease in professional services costs and a $2.4 million reduction to the reserve for uncollectible accounts. the increase in loe was primarily due to increased marcellus activity, including a $1.4 million increase in salt water disposal costs, and increased permian maintenance costs. production taxes decreased primarily due to a $16.7 million decrease in severance taxes due to lower market sales prices, partly offset by higher production sales volumes in certain jurisdictions subject to these taxes and a $3.6 million increase in property taxes. production taxes also decreased due to a $1.4 million decrease in the pennsylvania impact fee, primarily as a result of a decrease in the number of wells drilled in pennsylvania in 2015.
eqt production's operating income totaled $506.0 million for 2014 compared to $371.2 million for 2013.  the $134.8 million increase in operating income was primarily due to increased sales of produced natural gas and ngls and a higher average realized price partially offset by an increase in operating expenses, which included $267.3 million of noncash impairment charges. impairment charges consisted of $105.2 million associated with proved properties in the permian basin of texas related to the 2014 decline in commodity prices. impairment charges also included $86.6 million associated with undeveloped properties and $75.5 million associated with proved properties in the utica shale of ohio as a result of insufficient recovery of hydrocarbons to support continued development along with the decline in commodity prices.
total operating revenues were $1,813.3 million for 2014 compared to $1,310.9 million for 2013. the $502.4 million increase in total operating revenues was primarily due to a 26% increase in production sales volumes, a favorable gain on derivatives not designated as hedges, a favorable change in hedging ineffectiveness and a 3% increase in the average realized price to eqt production. the increase in production sales volumes was the result of increased production from the 2014 and 2013 drilling programs, primarily in the marcellus play. this increase was partially offset by the normal production decline in the company's producing wells.
total operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 included a $24.8 million gain for hedging ineffectiveness of financial hedges compared to a $21.3 million loss for ineffectiveness of financial hedges for the year ended december 31, 2013. the year ended december 31, 2014 also included $83.8 million of derivative gains for derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments compared to $0.3 million of derivative losses for the year ended december 31, 2013.  the gains for the year ended december 31, 2014 related to favorable changes in the fair market value of basis swaps and nymex collars that were not designated as hedging instruments, due to decreased forward nymex and basis prices as of december 31, 2014. eqt production received $36.5 million of net cash settlements for derivatives not designated as hedges for the year ended december 31, 2014. these net cash settlements are included in the average realized price.
the $0.08 per mcfe increase in the average realized price to eqt production was the net result of an increase in the average nymex natural gas price net of cash settled derivatives combined with a per unit decrease in midstream revenue deductions, partly offset by a lower average natural gas differential of $0.40 per mcf.  the average differential included lower appalachian basin basis of $0.91 per mcf, favorable recoveries of $0.45 per mcf and favorable settlements of basis swaps of $0.06 per mcf.  for the year ended december 31, 2014, eqt production recognized higher recoveries compared to 2013 primarily by using its contracted transportation capacity to sell gas in higher priced markets, particularly during the winter months when market prices in the united states northeast region were significantly higher than the appalachian basin prices. much of these higher revenues resulted from sales of the company's texas eastern transmission (tetco) and tennessee gas pipeline capacity, including additional tetco capacity that came online in 2014.  effective february 2014, the company acquired new tetco capacity of 245,000 mmbtu per day that enabled the company to reach markets in eastern pennsylvania.  effective november 2014, additional tetco capacity of 300,000 mmbtu per day came online that enabled the company to reach markets in new jersey as well as markets along the gulf coast.  additionally, the company executed natural gas sales with fixed differentials to nymex for the 2014 summer term during the fourth quarter of 2013 and first quarter of 2014 when market prices were favorable compared to actual appalachian basin basis during the summer of 2014.
operating expenses totaled $1,334.7 million for 2014 compared to $939.7 million for 2013. the increase in operating expenses was the result of impairments of long-lived assets of $267.3 million, as previously mentioned, and increases in sg&a, production taxes, dd&a, loe and exploration expenses. sg&a expense increased in 2014 primarily as a result of higher personnel costs of $12.4 million, including incentive compensation expenses, higher litigation and environmental reserves of $6.2 million, and an increase in professional services of $4.9 million. production taxes increased due to an $11.6 million increase in severance taxes and property taxes as a result of higher market sales prices and higher production sales volumes in certain jurisdictions subject to these taxes. production taxes also increased due to a $5.1 million increase in the pennsylvania impact fee, primarily as a result of an increase in the number of wells drilled in pennsylvania in 2014. depletion expense increased as a result of higher production sales volumes in 2014, partially offset by a lower overall depletion rate. the increase in loe was mainly a result of increased marcellus activity in 2014, including a $2.8 million increase in salt water disposal expenses and a $2.7 million increase in labor expenses, along with expenses related to the exchange of properties with range. exploration expense increased in 2014 primarily as a result of increased geophysical activity compared to 2013.
in connection with an asset exchange with range in 2014, the company received acreage and producing wells in the permian basin of texas in exchange for acreage, producing wells, the company's 50% ownership interest in a supporting gathering system in the nora fields of virginia and cash of $167.3 million. in conjunction with the transaction, eqt production recognized a pre-tax gain of $27.4 million in 2014, which is included in gain on sale / exchange of assets in the statements of consolidated income.
the $27.4 million pre-tax gain included a $28.0 million pre-tax gain related to the de-designation of certain derivative instruments that were previously designated as cash flow hedges because it was probable that the forecasted transactions would not occur.
eqt midstream results of operations years ended december 31,
2015                  2014           % change 2015 - 2014                  2013           % change 2014 - 2013
operational data net operating revenues (thousands):
gathering firm reservation fee revenues                                                        $272,758               $42,604                 540.2                         $5,155                 726.5
usage fees under firm contracts (a)                                                    33,415                44,654                 (25.2            )                 -                 100.0
usage fees under interruptible contracts                                              198,365               310,620                 (36.1            )           346,255                 (10.3            )
transmission firm reservation fee revenues                                                        $221,160              $176,890                  25.0                       $116,303                  52.1
usage fees under firm contracts (a)                                                    42,035                41,528                   1.2                         42,080                  (1.3            )
usage fees under interruptible contracts                                                4,481                 8,080                 (44.5            )             2,238                 261.0
storage, marketing and other net revenues                                              26,049                30,728                 (15.2            )            33,555                  (8.4            )
total net operating revenues                                                         $798,263              $655,104                  21.9                       $545,586                  20.1
firm reservation                                                                        1,149                   172                 568.0                              -                 100.0
volumetric based services (b)                                                             918                 1,445                 (36.5            )             1,278                  13.1
firm capacity reservation                                                               1,841                 1,405                  31.0                            855                  64.3
volumetric based services (b)                                                             281                   389                 (27.8            )               291                  33.7
average contracted firm transmission reservation commitments (bbtu per day)             2,624                 2,056                  27.6                          1,305                  57.5
capital expenditures (thousands)                                                     $486,809              $455,359                   6.9                       $369,399                  23.3
financial data (thousands)
total operating revenues                                                             $807,904              $699,083                  15.6                       $614,042                  13.8
total net operating revenues                                                          798,263               655,104                  21.9                        545,586                  20.1
operating expenses:
operating and maintenance (o&amp;m)                                                   124,030               108,359                  14.5                         97,540                  11.1
impairment of long-lived assets                                                         4,201                     -                 100.0                              -                     -
total operating expenses                                                              324,885               277,558                  17.1                        236,422                  17.4
gain on sale / exchange of assets                                                           -                 6,763                (100.0            )            19,618                 (65.5            )
operating income                                                                     $473,378              $384,309                  23.2                       $328,782                  16.9
(a)  includes commodity charges and fees on volumes gathered or transported in excess of firm contracted capacity.
(b)   includes volumes gathered or transported under interruptible contracts and volumes in excess of firm contracted capacity.
eqt midstream's operating income totaled $473.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase of $89.1 million in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase in operating income was primarily the result of increased gathering and transmission operating revenues from affiliates, partly offset by increased operating expenses, a decrease in storage, marketing and other net operating revenues and a gain on the sale/exchange of assets in 2014.
gathering revenues increased by $106.7 million primarily as a result of higher affiliate volumes gathered in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by production development in the marcellus shale. eqt midstream significantly increased firm reservation fee revenues in 2015 compared to 2014 as a result of increased capacity under firm contracts with affiliates. the decrease in usage fees was primarily due to affiliates contracting for additional firm capacity.
transmission revenues increased by $41.2 million in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting continued production development in the marcellus shale by affiliate and third-party producers. the increase primarily resulted from higher firm reservation fees of $44.3 million, partly offset by lower usage fees under interruptible contracts. the decrease in usage fees was primarily due to customers contracting for additional firm capacity.
storage, marketing and other net operating revenues decreased from the prior year primarily as a result of lower revenues on ngls marketed for non-affiliate producers as a result of lower liquids pricing in the current year and reduced marketing activity.
total operating revenues increased by $108.8 million primarily as a result of increased gathering and transmission revenue offset by reduced gas marketing activity. purchased gas costs decreased $34.3 million primarily as a result of reduced natural gas purchases from affiliates for gas marketing activities.
total operating expenses increased $47.3 million in 2015 compared to 2014.  o&m expense increased $15.7 million as a result of higher compressor and pipeline expenses of $5.0 million related to an increase in marcellus activity, higher property taxes of $4.4 million, higher personnel costs of $2.4 million, increased allocated expenses from affiliates of $2.0 million and increased contract labor of $1.2 million. sg&a expense increased $19.2 million primarily as a result of increased allocated expenses from affiliates of $5.8 million, higher personnel costs of $5.5 million, higher professional services costs of $3.2 million and charges to write off expired right of ways options of $1.9 million. dd&a increased $8.2 million as a result of additional assets placed in-service. the $4.2 million impairment of long-lived assets in 2015 reflects the company's decision to sell certain field level ngl processing equipment that is not being used.
eqt midstream's operating income totaled $384.3 million, an increase of $55.5 million in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was the result of increased transmission and gathering net operating revenues partly offset by increased operating expenses, lower gains on asset sales and a decrease in storage, marketing and other net operating revenues.
gathering revenues increased by $46.5 million primarily as a result of higher affiliate volumes gathered in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by production development in the marcellus shale. eqt midstream significantly increased firm reservation fee revenues and related usage charges in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of increased capacity and volumes gathered under firm contracts with affiliates. the decrease in usage fees under interruptible contracts was primarily due to affiliates contracting for additional firm capacity.
transmission revenues increased by $65.9 million in 2014 compared to 2013, reflecting continued production development in the marcellus shale by third-party and affiliate producers. the increase primarily resulted from higher firm reservation fee revenues of $60.6 million for third parties and eqt production, including $14.7 million related to the avc facilities, and higher usage fees under interruptible contracts.
storage, marketing and other net operating revenues decreased from 2013 to 2014 primarily as a result of $9.3 million of reduced marketing revenues primarily as a result of the sale of certain energy marketing contracts on december 31, 2013 and $9.0 million of lower revenues on ngls marketed for non-affiliated producers as a result of lower prices and volumes, partly offset by increased storage revenues on the avc facilities.
total operating revenues increased $85.0 million primarily as a result of increased transmission and gathering revenue, partly offset by reduced gas marketing activity. total purchased gas costs decreased $24.5 million primarily as a result of reduced gas marketing activity.
operating expenses totaled $277.6 million, an increase of $41.1 million in 2014 compared to 2013. o&m expense increased as a result of $8.6 million in higher compression and pipeline operating expenses related to an increase in marcellus activity and operating the avc facilities as well as higher labor costs. the increase in sg&a was primarily the result of increased personnel costs of $9.8 million, increased overhead allocated from affiliates of $4.2 million and increased professional services of $2.3 million. dd&a increased as a result of additional assets placed in-service, including the avc facilities.
in 2013, the company sold certain energy marketing contracts to a third party for $20.0 million.  in conjunction with this transaction, the company recognized a pre-tax gain of $19.6 million in 2013. in connection with an asset exchange with range during 2014, eqt midstream recognized a pre-tax gain of $6.8 million. the difference in the gains on these two transactions resulted in the decrease in gain on sale / exchange of assets in 2014 compared to 2013.
other income includes equity in earnings of nonconsolidated investments. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the company recorded equity in earnings of nonconsolidated investments of $2.6 million related to eqm's investment in the mvp joint venture, $3.4 million related to the company's prior investment in nora gathering, llc (nora llc) and $7.6 million related to the company's prior investment in nora llc, respectively.  in connection with the asset exchange with range in 2014, the company transferred its 50% ownership interest in nora llc to range.  see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.
other income also includes afudc.  for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the company recorded afudc of $6.3 million, $3.2 million and $1.2 million, respectively. the increases in afudc primarily related to increased spending by eqm related to the ovc project.
interest expense increased $10.0 million in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily as a result of additional interest expense of approximately $11.7 million related to eqm's 4.00% senior notes due 2024 in the aggregate principal amount of $500.0 million issued during the third quarter of 2014, partially offset by lower interest expense resulting from the company's repayment of $150.0 million of 5.00% senior notes and $10.0 million of 7.55% series b notes, both of which matured in the fourth quarter of 2015.
interest expense decreased $6.2 million in 2014 compared to 2013 due to higher capitalized interest of $35.0 million on increased marcellus well development in 2014 compared to $22.9 million in 2013, partially offset by an increase in interest expense of $8.3 million related to eqm's issuance of 4.00% senior notes due 2024.
the company did not have any borrowings outstanding at any time under its revolving credit facility during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. the maximum amount of outstanding borrowings at any time under the company's credit facility during the year ended december 31, 2013 was $178.5 million. the average daily balance of such borrowings outstanding for the company during the year ended december 31, 2013 was approximately $12.1 million at a weighted average annual interest rate of 1.7%. the maximum amount of outstanding borrowings under eqm's revolving credit facility at any time during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 was $404 million and $450 million, respectively. the average daily balance of borrowings
outstanding under eqm's credit facility was approximately $261 million and $119 million during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. interest was incurred on such borrowings at a weighted average annual interest rate of approximately 1.7% for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. eqm had no borrowings outstanding under its credit facility at any time during the year ended december 31, 2013.
income tax expense decreased $109.4 million in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of lower pre-tax income and a realized $35.4 million tax benefit in connection with recent internal revenue service (irs) guidance received by the company in connection with the company's sale of equitable gas in 2013 (discussed below). these benefits were partially offset by an increase in expense of $79.5 million primarily related to valuation allowances recorded on pennsylvania state net operating loss (nol) carryforwards during the period. the company's effective income tax rate decreased to 24.5% in 2015 from 29.6% in 2014. the decrease in the effective income tax rate from 2014 is primarily attributable to an increase in earnings allocated to noncontrolling limited partners of eqgp and eqm, the effects of the irs guidance, a decrease in eqt production's operating income, increased tax credits in 2015 and a decrease in state taxes in 2015 as a result of lower pre-tax income on state income tax paying entities. these items were significantly offset by the valuation allowance recorded primarily on pennsylvania state nols. the overall rate was lower for both periods as the company consolidates 100% of the pre-tax income related to the noncontrolling public limited partners' share of eqgp earnings, but is not required to record an income tax provision with respect to the portion of the earnings allocated to eqm and eqgp noncontrolling public limited partners. earnings allocated to the eqm and eqgp noncontrolling public limited partners increased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of higher net income at eqm and increased noncontrolling interests as a result of eqm's march and november 2015 public offerings of common units, issuances of eqm common units under the $750 million atm program and eqgp's ipo.
during 2015, the company realized a $35.4 million tax benefit in connection with recent irs guidance received by the company regarding the company's sale of equitable gas, a regulated entity, in 2013. the transaction included a partial like-kind exchange of assets that resulted in tax deferral for the company. however, in order to be in compliance with the normalization rules of the internal revenue code, the irs guidance held that the deferred tax liability associated with the exchanged regulatory assets should not be considered for ratemaking purposes. as a result, during the second quarter of 2015, the company recorded a regulatory asset equal to the taxes deferred from the exchange and an associated income tax benefit. the regulatory asset and deferred taxes will be reversed when the assets are disposed of in a taxable transaction such as a sale of assets or amortized over the 32-year remaining life of the assets received in the exchange, in either event increasing tax expense at that time.
income tax expense increased $38.9 million in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of higher pre-tax income partly offset by a decrease in the company's effective income tax rate from 33.6% to 29.6%. the decrease in the rate in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily related to an internal reorganization of subsidiaries resulting in a reduction of state taxes as well as an increase in noncontrolling interests related to eqm's ownership structure. for both periods, the overall rate was lower than the federal statutory rate as the company consolidates 100% of the pre-tax income related to the noncontrolling public limited partners' share of partnership earnings, but is not required to record an income tax provision with respect to the portion of eqm's earnings allocated to the noncontrolling public limited partners.  eqm's earnings increased primarily due to the sunrise merger in 2013 and the jupiter transaction in 2014, each of which also resulted in increases in the noncontrolling limited public partners' share of partnership earnings (as described in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements).
the company has been in an overall federal taxable income position for the past three years primarily as a result of tax gains generated from the net proceeds received from the eqgp ipo and the nwv gathering transaction in 2015, the jupiter transaction in 2014 and the sunrise merger and the equitable gas transaction in 2013. during these periods, the company utilized the nols generated from previous years and no longer had federal nols available as of december 31, 2015.
for federal income tax purposes, the company deducts a portion of drilling costs as intangible drilling costs (idcs) in the year incurred.  idcs, however, are sometimes limited for purposes of the alternative minimum tax (amt) and can result in the company paying amt even when generating large tax deductions or utilizing a regular tax nol.  see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's income taxes.
income from discontinued operations, net of tax years ended december 31,
income from discontinued operations, net of tax       $-                  $1,371                $91,843
income from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $1.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $91.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.  on december 17, 2013, the company and distribution holdco, llc completed the disposition of their ownership interests in equitable gas and homeworks to png companies llc. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's discontinued operations.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of eqgp and eqm was $236.7 million for 2015 compared to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of eqm of $124.0 million for 2014. the $112.7 million increase was primarily the result of increased net income at eqm, increased ownership of eqm common units by third parties as a result of eqm's march and november 2015 public offerings of common units and issuances under the $750 million atm program, and third-party ownership of eqgp common units as a result of eqgp's ipo.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests of eqm was $124.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $47.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.  the increase resulted from higher capacity reservation revenues and higher gathering revenues in eqm, as well as increased noncontrolling interests in 2014.  noncontrolling interests in eqm increased from 55.4% to 63.6% during the year ended december 31, 2014 as a result of the underwritten public offering of additional common units representing limited partner interests in eqm in may 2014 in connection with the jupiter transaction.
outlook the company is committed to profitably developing its natural gas, ngl and oil reserves through environmentally responsible, cost-effective and technologically advanced horizontal drilling.  the company's revenues, earnings, liquidity and ability to grow are substantially dependent on the prices it receives for, and the company's ability to develop its reserves of natural gas, ngls and oil. despite the continued depressed price environment for natural gas, ngls and oil, the company believes the long-term outlook for its business is favorable due to the company's resource base, low cost structure, financial strength, risk management, including commodity hedging strategy, and disciplined investment of capital. the company believes the combination of these factors provide it with an opportunity to exploit and develop its positions and maximize efficiency through economies of scale in its strategic operating area.
the market prices for natural gas, ngls and oil were depressed throughout 2015 and the early part of 2016 and continue to be volatile. the average daily prices for nymex henry hub natural gas ranged from a high of $3.23 per mmbtu to a low of $1.76 per mmbtu from january 1, 2015 through february 10, 2016, and the average daily prices for nymex west texas intermediate crude oil ranged from a high of $61.43 per barrel to a low of $26.55 per barrel during the same period. in addition, the market price for natural gas in the appalachian basin continues to be lower relative to nymex henry hub as a result of the significant increases in the supply of natural gas in the northeast region in recent years. due to the volatility of commodity prices, the company is unable to predict future potential movements in the market prices for natural gas, including appalachian basis, ngls and oil and thus cannot predict the ultimate impact of prices on its operations. however, the company does expect natural gas and ngl prices, particularly in the appalachian basin, to remain depressed during 2016.
as a result of the continued low price environment, the company suspended drilling on its permian basin, upper devonian and central pennsylvania marcellus acreage during 2015 and focused its development plans on its core marcellus acreage in southwestern pennsylvania and northern west virginia and its deep utica acreage. the company's 2016 capital expenditure forecast for well development is $820 million, which is 51% lower than its 2015 capital expenditures for well development. prolonged low, and/or significant or extended declines in, natural gas, ngl and oil prices could adversely affect, among other things, the
company's development plans, which would decrease the pace of the development and the level of the company's reserves, as well as the company's revenues, earnings or liquidity. low prices may signal a need to further reduce capital spending or record additional non-cash impairments in the book value of the company's oil and gas properties or additional downward adjustments to the company's estimated proved reserves. any such additional impairment and/or downward adjustment to the company's estimated reserves could potentially be material to the company. see "impairment of oil and gas properties" below.
in july 2015, the company turned in-line its first dry gas focused deep utica well, which experienced prolific initial results. the company turned in-line its second deep utica well in greene county, pennsylvania in late december 2015. given the success of the two initial utica wells in greene county, pennsylvania, the company has decided to begin development of its deep utica acreage.
total capital investment by eqt in 2016, excluding acquisitions, is expected to be approximately $1.8 billion (including eqm). capital spending for well development (primarily drilling and completion) of approximately $0.8 billion in 2016 is expected to support the drilling of approximately 77 gross wells, including 72 marcellus wells and 5 deep utica wells. depending upon the results of the 5 initial deep utica wells, the company may drill an additional 5 deep utica wells during 2016. estimated sales volumes are expected to be 700 - 720 bcfe for an anticipated production sales volume growth of approximately 18% in 2016, while ngl volumes are expected to be 10,000 - 10,500 mbbls. to support continued growth in production, the company plans to invest approximately $0.8 billion on midstream infrastructure in 2016, primarily through eqm. the 2016 capital investment plan is expected to be funded by cash on hand, cash flow generated from operations, proceeds from midstream asset sales (dropdowns) to eqm and eqm capital raises.
the company continues to focus on creating and maximizing shareholder value through the implementation of a strategy that economically accelerates the monetization of its asset base and prudently pursues investment opportunities, all while maintaining a strong balance sheet with solid cash flow.  the company monitors current and expected market conditions, including the commodity price environment, and its liquidity needs and may adjust its capital investment plan accordingly. while the tactics continue to evolve based on market conditions, the company periodically considers arrangements to monetize the value of certain mature assets for re-deployment into its highest value development opportunities.
impairment of oil and gas properties see "critical accounting policies and estimates" below and note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the company's accounting policies and significant assumptions related to impairment of the company's oil and gas properties. due to declines in the five-year nymex forward strip prices during 2015, an indication of impairment of the company's proved oil and gas properties existed as of december 31, 2015. in accordance with its normal procedures, the company estimated the future undiscounted cash flows from its oil and gas properties and compared these estimates to the carrying value of the properties. as a result of these evaluations, the company performed discounted cash flow analyses and recorded non-cash, pre-tax impairment charges to its proved oil and gas properties in 2015 including $94.3 million in the non-core permian basin. after this charge to the permian assets, the carrying value of permian properties as of december 31, 2015 was approximately $345 million, including approximately $300 million of undeveloped properties. because the estimated future undiscounted cash flows from the company's proved oil and gas properties in the marcellus play and the non-core huron and coalbed methane plays exceeded the carrying values of the respective properties, the company did not recognize an impairment charge in 2015 related to these oil and gas properties. however, all other things being equal, a further decline in the average five-year nymex forward strip prices in a future period may cause the company to recognize a significant impairment on the assets in the huron play, which had a carrying value of approximately $3 billion at december 31, 2015.
as described under "critical accounting policies and estimates" below, the company makes a number of assumptions related to its accounting for oil and gas properties, many of which require the company's management to make significant judgments. these assumptions, which are generally consistent with the assumptions utilized by the company's management for internal planning and budgeting purposes, include, among other things, anticipated production from reserves; future market prices for natural gas, ngls and oil adjusted accordingly for basis differentials; future operating and capital costs; and inflation, some of which are interdependent. future market prices for natural gas, ngls and oil are often volatile, and assumptions regarding basis differentials, future production and future operating costs are highly judgmental and in some cases difficult to predict. due to the uncertainty inherent in, and the interdependence of these factors, the company cannot predict if future impairment charges, including impairment charges related to its huron oil and gas properties, will be recognized and, if so, an estimate of the impairment charges that would be recorded in any future period. see "recent natural gas, ngl and oil price declines have resulted in impairment of certain of our non-core oil and gas properties. future declines in commodity prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance may result in additional write-downs of the carrying amounts of our assets, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in future periods." under item 1a, "risk factors."
capital resources and liquidity the company's primary sources of cash for the year ended december 31, 2015 were cash flows from operating activities, cash on hand, proceeds from the ipo of eqgp's common units, proceeds from the public offerings of eqm's common units and an increase in eqm's debt. the company's primary use of cash in 2015 was for capital expenditures.
operating activities the company's net cash provided by operating activities decreased $197.8 million from $1,414.7 million in 2014 to $1,216.9 million in 2015. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily the result of a 36% lower average realized price to eqt corporation on natural gas, ngl, and oil sales, partially offset by a 27% increase in production sales volume and a decrease in income tax payments.
the company's net cash provided by operating activities increased $251.8 million from $1,162.9 million in 2013 to $1,414.7 million in 2014. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily the result of a 26% increase in natural gas and ngl volumes sold, increases in contracted transmission capacity and gathered volumes and a $14.6 million decrease in interest payments, partially offset by a $41.1 million increase in income tax payments primarily due to taxes paid on transactions.
while the company is unable to predict future movements in the market price for commodities, current prices are lower than average 2015 levels. if current low price trends continue, this trend would negatively impact the company's cash flows from operating activities during the year ending december 31, 2016.
investing activities cash flows used in investing activities totaled $2,525.6 million for 2015 as compared to $2,444.2 million for 2014. the $81.4 million increase was primarily attributable to a $156.7 million increase in capital expenditures for continuing operations and $74.5 million of capital contributions made to the mvp joint venture through eqm during 2015, partially offset by $174.2 million of capital expenditures in 2014 in connection with the 2014 exchange of assets with range.
cash flows used in investing activities totaled $2,444.2 million for 2014 as compared to $999.8 million for 2013. the $1,444.4 million increase was primarily attributable to higher capital expenditures in 2014 including the $167.3 million payment in 2014 in connection with the range asset exchange, compared to proceeds received from the equitable gas transaction of $740.6 million in 2013. as further described below, the company increased cash capital expenditures from continuing operations by $725 million from 2013 to 2014.
capital expenditures for continuing operations
2015 actual           2014 actual           2013 actual well development (primarily drilling and completion)      $1,670                $1,717                $1,237
total cash capital expenditures                           $2,434                $2,452                $1,727
*         capital expenditures for continuing operations included a portion of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and the impact of capital accruals. the capital accrual impact included reversal of the prior year accrual as well as the current year estimate, both of which are non-cash items. the impact of these non-cash items in the table above were $(90) million, $99 million and $70 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the year ended december 31, 2014 also included $349 million of non-cash capital expenditures for the exchange of assets with range.
the company is estimating a 2016 capital expenditure spending plan of approximately $1.8 billion, which includes $0.8 billion for well development (primarily drilling and completion) and $0.8 billion for total midstream infrastructure. the midstream infrastructure capital expenditures will be made primarily through eqm, for which the company is estimating a 2016 capital expenditure spending plan of approximately $0.7 billion. the company does not forecast property acquisitions within its capital spending plan.
capital expenditures for drilling and development totaled $1,670 million and $1,717 million during 2015 and 2014, respectively. the company spud 161 gross wells in 2015, including 133 horizontal marcellus wells with approximately 722,000 feet of pay, 24 horizontal upper devonian wells with approximately 146,000 feet of pay and 4 other wells, including 2 deep utica wells. the company spud 345 gross wells (342 net wells) in 2014, including 196 horizontal marcellus wells with approximately 1.1 million feet of pay, 41 horizontal upper devonian wells with approximately 260,000 feet of pay, 103 horizontal huron wells with approximately 605,000 feet of pay and 5 other wells. the $47 million decrease in capital expenditures for well development in 2015 was driven primarily by a decrease in wells spud partly offset by increased costs of deep utica drilling. capital expenditures for 2015 also included $189 million for property acquisitions, compared to $724 million of capital expenditures in 2014 for property acquisitions.
capital expenditures for the midstream operations totaled $487 million for 2015. during 2015, eqt midstream turned in-line approximately 50 miles of pipeline and 34,000 horsepower of compression primarily in the marcellus play. during 2014, midstream capital expenditures were $455 million. eqt midstream turned in-line approximately 60 miles of pipeline and 80,000 horsepower of compression primarily within the marcellus play. eqt midstream also added 475 mmcf per day of incremental gathering capacity and 750 mmcf per day of incremental transmission capacity in 2014.
capital expenditures for drilling and development totaled $1,717 million and $1,237 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively. the company spud 345 gross wells (342 net wells) in 2014, including 196 horizontal marcellus wells with approximately 1.1 million feet of pay, 41 horizontal upper devonian wells with approximately 260,000 feet of pay, 103 horizontal huron wells with approximately 605,000 feet of pay and 5 other wells. the company spud 225 gross wells (224 net wells) in 2013, including 146 horizontal marcellus wells with approximately 720,000 feet of pay, 22 horizontal upper devonian wells with approximately 110,000 feet of pay, 50 horizontal huron wells with approximately 300,000 feet of pay and 7 other wells. the $480 million increase in capital expenditures for well development in 2014 was driven by an increase in completed frac stages, an increase in wells spud and higher spending in the huron play. capital expenditures for 2014 also included $724 million for property acquisitions, including $349 million of non-cash capital expenditures for the exchange of assets with range.
capital expenditures for the midstream operations totaled $455 million for 2014. during 2014, eqt midstream turned in-line approximately 60 miles of pipeline and 80,000 horsepower of compression primarily in the marcellus play. eqt midstream also added approximately 475 mmcf per day of incremental gathering capacity and 750 mmcf per day of incremental transmission capacity in 2014. during 2013, midstream capital expenditures were $369 million. eqt midstream turned in-line approximately 49 miles of pipeline and 2,100 horsepower of compression primarily within the marcellus play. eqt midstream also added 385 mmcf per day of incremental gathering capacity and 450 mmcf per day of incremental transmission capacity in 2013.
financing activities cash flows provided by financing activities totaled $1,832.5 million for 2015 as compared to cash flows provided by financing activities of $1,261.3 million for 2014. in 2015, the company received net proceeds of $1,182.0 million from eqm's public offerings of common units, including sales under the $750 million atm program, net proceeds of $674.0 million from eqgp's ipo and net proceeds of $299.0 million from increased borrowings on eqm's revolving credit facility. the company repaid maturing long-term debt of approximately $169.0 million, paid distributions to noncontrolling interests of $121.8 million and paid $47.0 million for income tax withholdings related to the vesting or exercise of equity awards during the year ended december 31, 2015. under the company's share-based incentive awards, in connection with the settlement of equity awards, the company may withhold shares or accept surrendered shares from company employees holding the awards in exchange for satisfying the cash income tax withholding obligations with respect to the settlement of the awards. the company received proceeds from option exercises and excess tax benefits resulting from option exercises and vesting of awards under employee compensation programs of $37.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2015.
on january 20, 2016, the board of directors of the company declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of three cents per share, payable march 1, 2016, to the company's shareholders of record at the close of business on february 17, 2016.
on january 21, 2016, the board of directors of eqgp's general partner declared a cash distribution to eqgp's unitholders for the fourth quarter of 2015 of $0.122 per common unit, or approximately $32.5 million. the cash distribution will be paid on february 22, 2016 to unitholders of record, including the company, at the close of business on february 1, 2016.
on january 21, 2016, the board of directors of eqm's general partner declared a cash distribution to eqm's unitholders for the fourth quarter of 2015 of $0.71 per common unit. the cash distribution will be paid on february 12, 2016 to unitholders of record, including eqgp, at the close of business on february 1, 2016. eqgp will receive approximately $33.0 million consisting of $15.5 million in respective to its limited partner interest, $1.3 million in respect of its general partner interest and $16.2 million in respect of its idrs in eqm.
cash flows provided by financing activities totaled $1,261.3 million for 2014 as compared to cash flows provided by financing activities of $500.5 million for 2013. the company received net proceeds of $902.5 million from eqm's may 2014 public offering of common units and eqm received net proceeds of $492.3 million from its august 2014 4.00% senior notes issuance. eqm paid distributions to noncontrolling interests of $67.8 million in 2014. the company received proceeds from option exercises and excess tax benefits from exercises and vesting of awards under employee compensation plans of $52.4 million in 2014. the company used $32.4 million to repurchase and retire shares of the company's common stock during 2014. in 2013, the company received net proceeds of $529.4 million from eqm's july 2013 public offering of common units, received proceeds from option exercises and excess tax benefits from exercises and vesting of awards under employee compensation plans of $45.1 million, paid distributions to noncontrolling interests of $32.8 million and repaid maturing long-term debt of $23.2 million.
on april 30, 2014, the company's board of directors approved a share repurchase authorization of up to 1,000,000 shares of the company's outstanding common stock. the company may repurchase shares from time to time in open market or in privately negotiated transactions. the share repurchase authorization does not obligate the company to acquire any specific number of shares, has no pre-established end date and may be discontinued by the company at any time. during the year ended december 31, 2014, the company repurchased and retired 300,000 shares of common stock for $32.4 million under the authorization. the company made no repurchases under the authorization during 2015.
the company may from time to time seek to repurchase its outstanding debt securities. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual and legal restrictions and other factors.
revolving credit facilities eqt primarily utilizes borrowings to fund capital expenditures in excess of cash flow from operating activities until the expenditures can be permanently financed and to fund required margin deposits on derivative commodity instruments. margin deposit requirements vary based on natural gas commodity prices, the company's credit ratings and the amount and type of derivative commodity instruments.
the company has a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that expires in february 2019. the company may request two one-year extensions of the expiration date, the approval of which is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions.
the revolving credit facility may be used for working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases and any other lawful corporate purposes.  the credit facility is underwritten by a syndicate of 18 financial institutions, each of which is obligated to fund its pro-rata portion of any borrowings by the company.
under the terms of the revolving credit facility, the company may obtain base rate loans or fixed period eurodollar rate loans.  base rate loans are denominated in dollars and bear interest at a base rate plus a margin based on the company's then current credit ratings.  fixed period eurodollar rate loans bear interest at a eurodollar rate plus a margin based on the company's then current credit ratings.
the company had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under its revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 or at any time during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, the company incurred commitment fees averaging approximately 23 basis points to maintain credit availability under its revolving credit facility. the company's short-term borrowings generally have original maturities of three months or less.
eqm has a $750 million credit facility that expires in february 2019. the credit facility is available to fund working capital requirements and capital expenditures, to purchase assets, to pay distributions and repurchase units and for general partnership purposes. the credit facility is underwritten by a syndicate of 18 financial institutions, each of which is obligated to fund its pro-rata portion of any borrowings by eqm.  the company is not a guarantor of eqm's obligations under the credit facility.
under the terms of its revolving credit facility, eqm may obtain base rate loans or fixed period eurodollar rate loans.  base rate loans are denominated in dollars and bear interest at a base rate plus a margin based on eqm's then current credit rating.  fixed period eurodollar rate loans bear interest at a eurodollar rate plus a margin based on eqm's then current credit ratings.
eqm had $299 million of borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under its revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2015. eqm had no borrowings or letters of credit outstanding under its revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2014. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, eqm incurred commitment fees averaging approximately 23 basis points and 24 basis points, respectively, to maintain credit availability under the revolving credit facility.
the maximum amount of outstanding borrowings at any time under eqm's credit facility during the year ended december 31, 2015 was $404 million, and the average daily balance of borrowings outstanding was approximately $261 million at a weighted average annual interest rate of 1.7%. the maximum amount of outstanding borrowings at any time under eqm's credit facility during the year ended december 31, 2014 was $450 million, and the average daily balance of borrowings outstanding was approximately $119 million at a weighted average annual interest rate of 1.7%.
security ratings and financing triggers the table below reflects the credit ratings for debt instruments of the company at february 10, 2016.  changes in credit ratings may affect the company's cost of short-term and long-term debt (including interest rates and fees under its lines of credit), collateral requirements under derivative instruments, pipeline capacity contracts, joint venture arrangements, subsidiary construction contracts and access to the credit markets.
rating service                                    senior notes   outlook moody's investors service (moody's)               baa3           under review standard &amp; poor's ratings service (s&amp;p)   bbb            stable fitch ratings service (fitch)                     bbb-           stable the table below reflects the credit ratings for debt instruments of eqm at december 31, 2015.  changes in credit ratings may affect eqm's cost of short-term and long-term debt (including interest rates and fees under its lines of credit), collateral requirements under joint venture arrangements and construction contracts and access to the credit markets.
rating service   senior notes   outlook moody's          ba1            under review s&amp;p          bbb-           stable fitch            bbb-           stable the company's and eqm's credit ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.  the company and eqm cannot ensure that a rating will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. on december 16, 2015, moody's announced that it had placed 29 u.s. exploration and production companies, including the company, under review for a downgrade due to the low commodity price environment. on january 25, 2016, moody's also announced that it had placed three midstream partnerships, including eqm, under review for a downgrade primarily due to their affiliations with sponsoring exploration and production companies. if moody's or another credit rating agency downgrades the ratings, particularly below investment grade, the company's or eqm's access to the capital markets may be limited, borrowing costs and margin deposits on the company's derivative contracts would increase, the company may be required to provide additional credit assurances in support of commercial agreements, such as pipeline capacity contracts, joint venture arrangements and subsidiary construction contracts, the amount of which may be substantial, and the potential pool of investors and funding sources may decrease.  the required margin on the company's derivative instruments is also subject to significant change as a result of factors other than credit rating, such as gas prices and credit thresholds set forth in agreements between the hedging counterparties and the company. investment grade refers to the quality of a company's credit as assessed by one or more credit ratings agencies. in order to be considered investment grade, a company must be rated bbb- or higher by s&p, baa3 or higher by moody's and bbb- or higher by fitch.  anything below these ratings is considered non-investment grade.
the company's debt agreements and other financial obligations contain various provisions that, if not complied with, could result in termination of the agreements, require early payment of amounts outstanding or similar actions.  the most significant covenants and events of default under the debt agreements relate to maintenance of a debt-to-total capitalization ratio, limitations on transactions with affiliates, insolvency events, nonpayment of scheduled principal or interest payments, acceleration of other financial obligations and change of control provisions.  the company's credit facility contains financial covenants that require a
total debt-to-total capitalization ratio of no greater than 65%.  the calculation of this ratio excludes the effects of accumulated other comprehensive income (oci). as of december 31, 2015, the company was in compliance with all debt provisions and covenants.
eqm's debt agreements and other financial obligations contain various provisions that, if not complied with, could result in termination of the agreements, require early payment of amounts outstanding or similar actions. the covenants and events of default under the debt agreements relate to maintenance of permitted leverage ratio, limitations on transactions with affiliates, limitations on restricted payments, insolvency events, nonpayment of scheduled principal or interest payments, acceleration of and certain other defaults under other financial obligations and change of control provisions. under eqm's credit facility, eqm is required to maintain a consolidated leverage ratio of not more than 5.00 to 1.00 (or not more than 5.50 to 1.00 for certain measurement periods following the consummation of certain acquisitions). as of december 31, 2015, eqm was in compliance with all debt provisions and covenants.
eqm atm program during 2015, eqm entered into an equity distribution agreement that established eqm's $750 million atm program. eqm had approximately $663 million in remaining capacity under the program as of february 10, 2016.
commodity risk management the substantial majority of the company's commodity risk management program is related to hedging sales of the company's produced natural gas.  the company's overall objective in this hedging program is to protect cash flow from undue exposure to the risk of changing commodity prices. the derivative commodity instruments currently utilized by the company are primarily nymex swaps and collars. the company may also use other contractual agreements in implementing its commodity hedging strategy. the company also enters into fixed price natural gas sales agreements that are satisfied by physical delivery. the company does not currently hedge its oil or ngl exposure.
as of february 2, 2016, the approximate volumes and prices of the company's total hedge position for 2016 through 2018 production are:
*     the average price is based on a conversion rate of 1.05 mmbtu/mcf.
**   for 2016 through 2018, the company also has a natural gas sales agreement for approximately 35 bcf per year that includes a nymex ceiling price of $4.88 per mcf. the company also sold calendar year 2016, 2017 and 2018 calls for approximately 11 bcf, 29 bcf and 12 bcf at strike prices of $3.65 per mcf, $3.52 per mcf and $3.45 per mcf, respectively.
*** fixed price physical sales impact is included in recoveries on the eqt corporation price reconciliation.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's hedging program.
other items off-balance sheet arrangements in connection with the sale of its noresco domestic operations in december 2005, the company agreed to maintain in place guarantees of certain warranty obligations of noresco.  the savings guarantees provided that once the energy-efficiency construction was completed by noresco, the customer would experience a certain dollar amount of energy savings over a period of years.  the undiscounted maximum aggregate payments that may be due related to these guarantees were approximately $134 million as of december 31, 2015, extending at a decreasing amount for approximately 12 years.
in december 2014, the company issued a performance guarantee (the eqt mvp guarantee) in connection with the obligations of mvp holdco to fund its proportionate share of the construction budget for the mvp. upon the transfer of the company's interest in mvp holdco to eqm on march 30, 2015, eqm entered into a performance guarantee (the initial eqm guarantee) on terms and conditions similar to the eqt mvp guarantee, and the eqt mvp guarantee was concurrently terminated. upon the ferc's initial release to begin construction of the mvp, the initial eqm guarantee will terminate, and eqm will be obligated to issue a new guarantee in an amount equal to 33% of mvp holdco's remaining obligations to make capital contributions to the mvp joint venture in connection with the then remaining construction budget, less any credit assurances issued by any affiliate of eqm under such affiliate's precedent agreement with the mvp joint venture. as of february 11, 2016, the initial eqm guarantee was in the amount of $91 million.
the noresco guarantees and the initial eqm guarantee are exempt from asc topic 460, guarantees.  the company has determined that the likelihood it will be required to perform on these arrangements is remote and any potential payments are expected to be immaterial to the company's financial position, results of operations and liquidity.  as such, the company has not recorded any liabilities in its consolidated balance sheets related to these guarantees.
rate regulation as described under "regulation" in item 1, "business," the company's transmission and storage operations and a portion of its gathering operations are subject to various forms of rate regulation.  as described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, regulatory accounting allows the company to defer expenses and income as regulatory assets and liabilities which reflect future collections or payments through the regulatory process.  the company believes that it will continue to be subject to rate regulation that will provide for the recovery of the deferred costs.
schedule of contractual obligations the table below presents the company's long-term contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 in total and by periods. purchase obligations exclude the company's contractual obligations relating to its binding precedent agreements and other natural gas transmission and gathering capacity agreements with eqm, for which future payments related to such agreements totaled $5.7 billion as of december 31, 2015. these capacity commitments have terms extending up to 20 years. for a description of the transportation agreements, see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. purchase obligations also exclude future capital contributions to the mvp joint venture and purchase obligations of the mvp joint venture.
operating leases                                   155,460                41,526                 51,238                   21,617                   41,079
pension and other post-retirement benefits          48,800                24,599                  3,224                    2,954                   18,023
purchase obligations are primarily commitments for demand charges under existing long-term contracts and binding precedent agreements with various unconsolidated pipelines (including mvp), some of which extend up to approximately 20 years. the company has entered into agreements to release some of its capacity to various third parties. purchase obligations also include commitments with third parties for processing capacity in order to extract heavier liquid hydrocarbons from the natural gas stream. operating leases are primarily entered into for various office locations and warehouse buildings, as well as dedicated drilling rigs in support of the company's drilling program. the obligations for the company's various office locations and warehouse buildings totaled approximately $90.9 million as of december 31, 2015. the company has agreements with orion drilling company, savanna drilling, llc and several other drillers to provide drilling equipment and services to the company over the next four years. these obligations totaled approximately $63.2 million as of december 31, 2015.
the other liabilities line represents commitments for total estimated payouts for the second tranche of the 2014 eqt value driver award program. see "critical accounting policies and estimates" below and note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion regarding factors that affect the ultimate amount of the payout of these obligations.
as discussed in note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, the company had a total reserve for unrecognized tax benefits at december 31, 2015 of $259.3 million, of which $102.7 million is offset against deferred tax assets since it would primarily reduce the alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards. the company is currently unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement of these potential liabilities with taxing authorities; therefore, this amount has been excluded from the schedule of contractual obligations.
commitments and contingencies in the ordinary course of business, various legal and regulatory claims and proceedings are pending or threatened against the company.  while the amounts claimed may be substantial, the company is unable to predict with certainty the ultimate outcome of such claims and proceedings.  the company accrues legal and other direct costs related to loss contingencies when actually incurred.  the company has established reserves it believes to be appropriate for pending matters and, after consultation with counsel and giving appropriate consideration to available insurance, the company believes that the ultimate outcome of any matter currently pending against the company will not materially affect the company's financial position, results of operations or liquidity.
see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company's commitments and contingencies.
recently issued accounting standards the company's recently issued accounting standards are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.  the discussion and analysis of the consolidated financial statements and results of operations are based upon the company's consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with united states gaap.  the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  the following critical accounting policies, which were reviewed by the company's audit committee, relate to the company's more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements.  actual results could differ from those estimates.
accounting for oil and gas producing activities:  the company uses the successful efforts method of accounting for its oil and gas producing activities.
the carrying values of the company's proved oil and gas properties are reviewed for impairment generally on a field-by-field basis when events or circumstances indicate that the remaining carrying value may not be recoverable. the estimated future cash flows used to test those properties for recoverability are based on proved and, if determined reasonable by management, risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, utilizing assumptions generally consistent with the assumptions utilized by the company's management for internal planning and budgeting purposes, including, among other things, the intended use of the asset, anticipated production from reserves, future market prices for natural gas, ngls and oil, adjusted accordingly for basis differentials, future operating costs and inflation, some of which are interdepedent.  proved oil and gas properties that have carrying amounts in excess of estimated future cash flows are written down to fair value, which is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using discount rates and other assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value.
capitalized costs of unproved properties are evaluated at least annually for recoverability on a prospective basis.  indicators of potential impairment include changes in development plans resulting from economic factors, potential shifts in business strategy employed by management and historical experience.  if it is determined that the properties will not yield proved reserves prior to their expirations, the related costs are expensed in the period in which that determination is made.
the company believes that the accounting estimate related to the accounting for oil and gas producing activities is a "critical accounting estimate" as the evaluations of impairment of proved properties involves significant judgment about future events such as future sales prices of natural gas and ngls, future production costs, estimates of the amount of natural gas and ngls recorded and the timing of those recoveries. see "impairment of oil and gas properties" above and note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's impairments of proved and unproved oil and gas properties.
oil and gas reserves:  proved oil and gas reserves, as defined by sec regulation s-x rule 4-10, are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation.
the company's estimates of proved reserves are made and reassessed annually using geological and reservoir data as well as production performance data. reserve estimates are prepared and updated by the company's engineers and audited by the company's independent engineers.  revisions may result from changes in, among other things, reservoir performance, development plans, prices, operating costs, economic conditions and governmental restrictions.  decreases in prices, for example, may cause a reduction in some proved reserves due to reaching economic limits sooner.  a material change in the estimated volumes of reserves could have an impact on the depletion rate calculation and the company's financial statements, including strength of the balance sheet.
the company estimates future net cash flows from natural gas, ngl and oil reserves based on selling prices and costs using a 12-month average price, calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the 12-month period, which is subject to change in subsequent periods.  operating costs, production and ad valorem taxes and future development costs are based on current costs with no escalation.  income tax expense is computed using statutory future tax rates and giving effect to tax deductions and credits available under current laws and which relate to oil and gas producing activities.
the company believes that the accounting estimate related to oil and gas reserves is a "critical accounting estimate" because the company must periodically reevaluate proved reserves along with estimates of future production rates, production costs and the estimated timing of development expenditures.  future results of operations and strength of the balance sheet for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in the company's assumptions. see "impairment of oil and gas properties" above for additional information regarding the company's oil and gas reserves.
income taxes:  the company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the company's consolidated financial statements or tax returns.
the company has recorded deferred tax assets principally resulting from federal and state nol carryforwards, an alternative minimum tax credit carryforward, incentive compensation and investment in eqm. the company has established a valuation allowance against a portion of the deferred tax assets related to the state nol carryforwards, as it is believed that it is more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will not all be realized.  no other significant valuation allowances have been established, as it is believed that future sources of taxable income, reversing temporary differences and other tax planning strategies will be sufficient to realize these deferred tax assets.  any determination to change the valuation allowance would impact the company's income tax expense and net income in the period in which such a determination is made.
the company also estimates the amount of financial statement benefit to record for uncertain tax positions as described in note 10 to the company's consolidated financial statements.
the company believes that accounting estimates related to income taxes are "critical accounting estimates" because the company must assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and exercise judgment regarding the amount of financial statement benefit to record for uncertain tax positions.  when evaluating whether or not a valuation allowance must be established on deferred tax assets, the company exercises judgment in determining whether it is more likely than not (a likelihood of more than 50%) that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.  the company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of the evidence, a valuation allowance is needed, including carrybacks, tax planning strategies, reversal of deferred tax assets and liabilities and forecasted
future taxable income.  in making the determination related to uncertain tax positions, the company considers the amounts and probabilities of the outcomes that could be realized upon ultimate settlement of an uncertain tax position using the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date to establish the appropriate amount of financial statement benefit.  to the extent that an uncertain tax position or valuation allowance is established or increased or decreased during a period, the company must include an expense or benefit within tax expense in the income statement.  future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in the company's assumptions.
derivative instruments: the company enters into derivative commodity instrument contracts primarily to mitigate exposure to commodity price risk associated with future sales of natural gas production. the company also enters into derivative instruments to hedge other forecasted natural gas purchases and sales, to hedge basis and to hedge exposure to fluctuations in interest rates.
the company estimates the fair value of all derivative instruments using quoted market prices, where available. if quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon models that use market-based parameters as inputs, including forward curves, discount rates, volatilities and nonperformance risk. nonperformance risk considers the effect of the company's credit standing on the fair value of liabilities and the effect of the counterparty's credit standing on the fair value of assets. the company estimates nonperformance risk by analyzing publicly available market information, including a comparison of the yield on debt instruments with credit ratings similar to the company's or counterparty's credit rating, the yield of a risk-free instrument and credit default swap rates where available. the values reported in the financial statements change as these estimates are revised to reflect actual results, or market conditions or other factors change, many of which are beyond the company's control.
the company believes that the accounting estimates related to derivative instruments are "critical accounting estimates" because the company's financial condition and results of operations can be significantly impacted by changes in the market value of the company's derivative instruments due to the volatility of natural gas prices, both nymex and basis. future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in the company's assumptions.
contingencies and asset retirement obligations:  the company is involved in various regulatory and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.  the company records a liability for contingencies based upon its assessment that a loss is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated.  the company considers many factors in making these assessments, including history and specifics of each matter.  estimates are developed in consultation with legal counsel and are based upon an analysis of potential results.
the company also accrues a liability for asset retirement obligations based on an estimate of the timing and amount of their settlement.  for oil and gas wells, the fair value of the company's plugging and abandonment obligations is required to be recorded at the time the obligations are incurred, which is typically at the time the wells are spud. the company is required to operate and maintain its natural gas pipeline and storage systems, and intends to do so as long as supply and demand for natural gas exists, which the company expects for the foreseeable future. therefore, the company believes that the substantial majority of its natural gas pipeline and storage system assets have indeterminate lives.
the company believes that the accounting estimates related to contingencies and asset retirement obligations are "critical accounting estimates" because the company must assess the probability of loss related to contingencies and the expected amount and timing of asset retirement obligations.  in addition, the company must determine the estimated present value of future liabilities.  future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in the company's assumptions.
share-based compensation: the company awards share-based compensation in connection with specific programs established under the 2009 and 2014 long-term incentive plans.  awards to employees are typically made in the form of performance-based awards, time-based restricted stock, time-based restricted phantom units and stock options. awards to directors are typically made in the form of phantom units.
performance-based awards expected to be satisfied in cash are treated as liability awards.  awards under the 2014 eqt value driver award program are treated as liability awards.  phantom units expected to be satisfied in cash are also treated as liability awards.  for liability awards, the company is required to estimate, on grant date and on each reporting date thereafter until vesting and payment, the fair value of the ultimate payout based upon the expected performance through, and value of the company's common stock on, the vesting date.  the company then recognizes a proportionate amount of the expense for each period in the company's financial statements over the vesting period of the award, in the case of a performance-based award, and until payment, in the case of phantom units.  the company reviews its assumptions regarding performance and common stock value on a quarterly basis and adjusts its accrual when changes in these assumptions result in a material change in the fair value of the ultimate payouts.
performance-based awards expected to be satisfied in company common stock or eqm common units are treated as equity awards. awards under the 2013 executive performance incentive program, the 2014 executive performance incentive program, the 2014 eqm value driver award program, the 2015 executive performance incentive program, the 2015 eqt value driver award program and the eqm total return program, each of which remained outstanding at december 31, 2015, are treated as equity awards.  for equity awards, the company is required to determine the grant date fair value of the awards, which is then recognized as expense in the company's financial statements over the vesting period of the award.  determination of the grant date fair value of the awards requires judgments and estimates regarding, among other things, the appropriate methodologies to follow in valuing the awards and the related inputs required by those valuation methodologies.  most often, the company is required to obtain a valuation based upon assumptions regarding risk-free rates of return, dividend or distribution yields, expected volatilities and the expected term of the award.  the risk-free rate is based on the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.  the dividend or distribution yield is based on the historical dividend or distribution yield of the company's common stock or eqm's common units, as applicable, and any changes expected thereto, and, where applicable, of the common stock of the peer group members at the time of grant.  expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the company's common stock or eqm's common units and, where applicable, the common stock of the peer group members at the time of grant.  the expected term represents the period of time elapsing during the applicable performance period.
for time-based restricted stock awards, the grant date fair value of the awards is recognized as expense in the company's financial statements over the vesting period, historically three years.  for director phantom units (which vest on date of grant) expected to be satisfied in equity, the grant date fair value of the awards is recognized as an expense in the company's financial statements in the year of grant. the grant date fair value, in both cases, is determined based upon the closing price of the company's common stock on the date of the grant.
for non-qualified stock options, the grant date fair value is recognized as expense in the company's financial statements over the vesting period, typically two or three years.  the company utilizes the black-scholes option pricing model to measure the fair value of stock options, which includes assumptions for a risk-free interest rate, dividend yield, volatility factor and expected term.  the risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.  the dividend yield is based on the dividend yield of the company's common stock at the time of grant.  the expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the company's common stock at the time of grant.  the expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical option exercise experience at the time of grant.
the company believes that the accounting estimates related to share-based compensation are "critical accounting estimates" because they may change from period to period based on changes in assumptions about factors affecting the ultimate payout of awards, including the number of awards to ultimately vest and the market price and volatility of the company's common stock and eqm's common units.  future results of operations for any particular quarterly or annual period could be materially affected by changes in the company's assumptions.  see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's share-based compensation.