item 1a. risk factors.
we have listed below (not necessarily in order of importance or probability of occurrence) the most significant risk factors applicable to us:
decline in industry sales volume, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors.  because we, like other manufacturers, have a high proportion of relatively fixed structural costs, relatively small changes in industry sales volume can have a substantial effect on our cash flow and profitability. if industry vehicle sales were to decline to levels significantly below our planning assumption, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors, such as occurred during 2008 and 2009, our financial condition and results of operations would be substantially adversely affected. for discussion of economic trends, see the "overview" section of item 7.
decline in ford's market share or failure to achieve growth. to maintain competitive economies of scale and grow our global market share, we must grow our market share in fast-growing newly developed and emerging markets, particularly in our asia pacific region and our middle east & africa region, as well as maintain or grow market share in mature markets. our market share in certain growing markets, such as china, is lower than it is in our mature markets. a significant decline in our market share in mature markets or failure to achieve growth in newly developing or emerging markets, whether due to capacity constraints, competitive pressures, protectionist trade policies, or other factors, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products or services. although we conduct extensive market research before launching new or refreshed vehicles and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace.  offering vehicles and services that customers want and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, styling, safety, overall value, fuel efficiency, or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks.  the success of ford smart mobility, our plan for connectivity, mobility, autonomous vehicles, the customer experience, and data and analytics, likewise depends on many factors, including the amount of capital we invest, advancements in technology, regulatory changes, and other factors that are difficult to predict that may significantly affect the future of mobility.  with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media, and other media, mere allegations relating to quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate social responsibility, or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even where such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
market shift away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles beyond ford's current planning assumption, particularly in the united states. a shift in consumer preferences away from larger, more profitable vehicles at levels beyond our current planning assumption could result in an immediate and substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. although we have a balanced portfolio of small, medium, and large cars, utilities, and trucks with competitive fuel efficiency, a shift in consumer preferences away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles at levels greater than our current planning assumption-whether because of spiking fuel prices, a decline in the construction industry, government actions or incentives, or other reasons-still could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
an increase in or continued volatility of fuel prices, or reduced availability of fuel. an increase in fuel prices, continued price volatility, or reduced availability of fuel, particularly in the united states, could result in weakening of demand for relatively more-profitable large cars, utilities, and trucks, while increasing demand for relatively less-profitable small vehicles. continuation or acceleration of such a trend beyond our current planning assumption, or volatility in demand across segments, could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
continued or increased price competition resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, or other factors. the global automotive industry is intensely competitive, with manufacturing capacity far exceeding current demand. according to the december 2015 report issued by ihs automotive, the global automotive industry is estimated to have had excess capacity of about 31 million units in 2015. industry overcapacity has resulted in many manufacturers offering marketing incentives on vehicles in an attempt to maintain and grow market share; these incentives historically have included a combination of subsidized financing or leasing programs, price rebates, and other incentives. as a result, we are not necessarily able to set our prices to offset higher costs of marketing incentives, commodity or other cost increases, or the impact of adverse currency fluctuations, including pricing advantages foreign competitors may have because of their weaker home market currencies. continuation of or increased excess capacity could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. as a resource-intensive manufacturing operation, we are exposed to a variety of market and asset risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates. these risks affect our automotive and financial services sectors. we monitor and manage these exposures as an integral part of our overall risk management program, which recognizes the unpredictability of markets and seeks to reduce potentially adverse effects on our business. nevertheless, changes in currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates cannot always be predicted or hedged. in addition, because of intense price competition and our high level of fixed costs, we may not be able to address such changes even if foreseeable. as a result, substantial unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, or interest rates could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. see "overview" to item 7 and item 7a for additional discussion of currency, commodity price, and interest rate risks.
adverse effects resulting from economic, geopolitical, or other events. with the increasing interconnectedness of global economic and financial systems, a financial crisis, natural disaster, geopolitical crisis, or other significant event in one area of the world can have an immediate and devastating impact on markets around the world. for example, the financial crisis that began in the united states in 2008 quickly spread to other markets; natural disasters in japan and thailand during 2011 caused production interruptions and delays not just in asia pacific but other regions around the world; and episodes of increased geopolitical tensions or acts of terrorism have at times caused adverse reactions that may spread to economies around the globe.
concerns persist regarding the sustainability of the european currency area ("euro area") and of the larger european union, which includes the united kingdom. the pending decision by the u.k. electorate on whether to remain in the european union has exacerbated concerns regarding the overall stability of the european union, given the diverse economic and political circumstances of individual euro area countries. if a country within the euro area were to default on its debt or withdraw from the euro currency, or-in a more extreme circumstance-the euro currency were to be dissolved entirely, the impact on markets around the world, and on ford's global business, could be immediate and significant. the exit of the united kingdom from the european union would have less extreme but still significant implications. such scenarios-or the perception that such developments are imminent-could adversely affect the value of our euro- and pound-denominated assets and obligations. in addition, such developments could cause financial and capital markets within and outside europe to constrict, thereby negatively impacting our ability to finance our business, and also could cause a substantial dip in consumer confidence and spending that could negatively impact sales of vehicles. any one of these impacts could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we have operations in various markets with volatile economic or political environments and are pursuing growth opportunities in a number of newly developed and emerging markets. these investments may expose us to heightened risks of economic, geopolitical, or other events, including governmental takeover (i.e., nationalization) of our manufacturing facilities or intellectual property, restrictive exchange or import controls, disruption of operations as a result of systemic political or economic instability, outbreak of war or expansion of hostilities, and acts of terrorism, each of which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. further, the u.s. government, other governments and international organizations could impose additional sanctions that could restrict us from doing business directly or indirectly in or with certain countries or parties, which could include affiliates.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
economic distress of suppliers that may require ford to provide substantial financial support or take other measures to ensure supplies of components or materials and could increase costs, affect liquidity, or cause production constraints or disruptions. the automotive industry supply base experienced increased economic distress due to the sudden and substantial drop in industry sales volumes beginning in 2008. dramatically lower industry sales volume made existing debt obligations and fixed cost levels difficult for many suppliers to manage, increasing pressure on the supply base. as a result, suppliers not only were less willing to reduce prices, but some requested direct or indirect price increases as well as new and shorter payment terms. at times, we have had to provide financial assistance to key suppliers to ensure an uninterrupted supply of materials and components. in addition, suppliers may continue to exit certain lines of business or close facilities due to economic concerns, management turnover, or other reasons. in such cases, we generally experience additional costs associated with transitioning to new suppliers. each of these factors could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
work stoppages at ford or supplier facilities or other limitations on production (whether as a result of labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, production constraints or difficulties, or other factors). a work stoppage or other limitation on production could occur at ford or supplier facilities for any number of reasons, including as a result of disputes under existing collective bargaining agreements with labor unions or in connection with negotiation of new collective bargaining agreements, or as a result of supplier financial distress or other production constraints or difficulties, or for other reasons. recent examples of situations that have affected industry production to varying degrees include: supplier financial distress due to reduced production volumes during the economic downturn in 2008-2009; capacity constraints as suppliers that restructured or downsized during the downturn work to satisfy growing industry volumes; short-term constraints on production as consumer preferences shift more fluidly across vehicle segments and features; and the impact on certain suppliers of natural disasters during 2011. as indicated, a work stoppage or other limitations on production at ford or supplier facilities for any reason (including but not limited to labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, or production constraints or difficulties) could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
single-source supply of components or materials. many components used in our vehicles are available only from a single supplier and cannot be re-sourced quickly or inexpensively to another supplier (due to long lead times, new contractual commitments that may be required by another supplier before ramping up to provide the components or materials, etc.). in addition to the general risks described above regarding interruption of supplies, which are exacerbated in the case of single-source suppliers, the exclusive supplier of a key component potentially could exert significant bargaining power over price, quality, warranty claims, or other terms relating to a component.
labor or other constraints on ford's ability to maintain competitive cost structure. substantially all of the hourly employees in our automotive operations in the united states and canada are represented by unions and covered by collective bargaining agreements. we negotiated a four-year agreement with the uaw in 2015 and will negotiate a new agreement with unifor (formerly the canadian auto workers union) in 2016.  although we have negotiated transformational agreements in recent years, these agreements provide guaranteed wage and benefit levels throughout the contract term and some degree of income security, subject to certain conditions. as a practical matter, these agreements may restrict our ability to close plants and divest businesses.  a substantial number of our employees in other regions are represented by unions or government councils, and legislation or custom promoting retention of manufacturing or other employment in the state, country, or region may constrain as a practical matter our ability to sell or close manufacturing or other facilities.
substantial pension and postretirement health care and life insurance liabilities impairing liquidity or financial condition. we have defined benefit retirement plans in the united states that cover many of our hourly and salaried employees. we also provide pension benefits to non-u.s. employees and retirees, primarily in europe. in addition, we and certain of our subsidiaries sponsor plans to provide other postretirement benefits ("opeb") for retired employees (primarily health care and life insurance benefits). see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements for more information about these plans. these benefit plans impose significant liabilities on us that are not fully funded and will require additional cash contributions, which could impair our liquidity.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
our qualified u.s. defined benefit pension plans are subject to title iv of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa"). under title iv of erisa, the pension benefit guaranty corporation ("pbgc") has the authority under certain circumstances or upon the occurrence of certain events to terminate a qualified underfunded pension plan. one such circumstance is the occurrence of an event that unreasonably increases the risk of unreasonably large losses to the pbgc. although we believe it is unlikely that the pbgc would terminate any of our plans, in the event that our qualified u.s. pension plans were terminated at a time when the liabilities of the plans exceeded the assets of the plans, we would incur a liability to the pbgc that could be equal to the entire amount of the underfunding.
if our cash flows and capital resources were insufficient to fund our pension or opeb obligations, we could be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, suspend dividend payments, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness.
worse-than-assumed economic and demographic experience for postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns). the measurement of our obligations, costs, and liabilities associated with benefits pursuant to our postretirement benefit plans requires that we estimate the present value of projected future payments to all participants. we use many assumptions in calculating these estimates, including assumptions related to discount rates, investment returns on designated plan assets, and demographic experience (e.g., mortality and retirement rates). to the extent actual results are less favorable than our assumptions, there could be a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. for discussion of our assumptions, see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 and note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
restriction on use of tax attributes from tax law "ownership change."  section 382 of the u.s. internal revenue code restricts the ability of a corporation that undergoes an ownership change to use its tax attributes, including net operating losses and tax credits ("tax attributes").  at december 31, 2015, we had tax attributes that would offset more than $15 billion of taxable income.  for these purposes, an ownership change occurs if 5 percent shareholders of an issuer's outstanding common stock, collectively, increase their ownership percentage by more than 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. in 2015, we renewed for an additional three-year period our tax benefit preservation plan (the "plan") to reduce the risk of an ownership change under section 382. under the plan, shares held by any person who acquires, without the approval of our board of directors, beneficial ownership of 4.99% or more of our outstanding common stock could be subject to significant dilution. the renewal is subject to shareholder approval at our annual meeting in may 2016.
the discovery of defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs. meeting or exceeding many government-mandated safety standards is costly and often technologically challenging, especially where standards may be in tension with the need to reduce vehicle weight in order to meet government-mandated emissions and fuel-economy standards. government safety standards also require manufacturers to remedy defects related to vehicle safety through safety recall campaigns, and a manufacturer is obligated to recall vehicles if it determines that the vehicles do not comply with a safety standard. in addition, the introduction of new and innovative features and technology to our vehicles could increase the risk of defects or customer dissatisfaction. in 2014 and 2015, there was an unprecedented increase in the number of vehicles involved in safety recalls by manufacturers in the united states. the increase reflects nhtsa's continued expansion of its definition of safety defects under the safety act. in addition, nhtsa's enforcement strategy shifted to a significant increase in civil penalties levied and the use of consent orders requiring direct oversight by nhtsa of certain manufacturers' safety processes, a trend that could continue. should we or government safety regulators determine that a safety or other defect or a noncompliance exists with respect to certain of our vehicles prior to the start of production, the launch of such vehicle could be delayed until such defect is remedied. the costs associated with any protracted delay in new model launches necessary to remedy such defects, or the cost of recall campaigns or warranty costs to remedy such defects in vehicles that have been sold, could be substantial. these recall and warranty costs could be exacerbated to the extent they relate to global platforms. furthermore, launch delays or recall actions also could adversely affect our reputation or market acceptance of our products as discussed above under "lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products or services."
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
increased safety, emissions, fuel economy, or other regulations resulting in higher costs, cash expenditures, and/or sales restrictions. the worldwide automotive industry is governed by a substantial amount of government regulation, which often differs by state, region, and country. government regulation has arisen, and proposals for additional regulation are advanced, primarily out of concern for the environment (including concerns about the possibility of global climate change and its impact), vehicle safety, and energy independence. for example, as discussed above under "item 1. business - governmental standards," in the united states the cafe standards for light duty vehicles are 35.5 mpg by the 2016 model year, 45 mpg by the 2021 model year, and 54.5 mpg by the 2025 model year; epa's parallel co2 emission regulations impose similar standards. california's zev rules also mandate steep increases in the sale of electric vehicles and other advanced technology vehicles beginning in the 2018 model year. in addition, many governments regulate local product content and/or impose import requirements as a means of creating jobs, protecting domestic producers, and influencing the balance of payments.
in recent years, we have made significant changes to our product cycle plan to improve the overall fuel economy of vehicles we produce, thereby reducing their ghg emissions. there are limits on our ability to achieve fuel economy improvements over a given time frame, however, primarily relating to the cost and effectiveness of available technologies, consumer acceptance of new technologies and changes in vehicle mix, willingness of consumers to absorb the additional costs of new technologies, the appropriateness (or lack thereof) of certain technologies for use in particular vehicles, the widespread availability (or lack thereof) of supporting infrastructure for new technologies, and the human, engineering, and financial resources necessary to deploy new technologies across a wide range of products and powertrains in a short time. the current fuel economy, co2, and zev standards will be difficult to meet if fuel prices remain relatively low and market conditions do not drive consumers to purchase electric vehicles and other highly fuel-efficient vehicles in large numbers.
the u.s. government has initiated an enforcement action against a major competitor in connection with its alleged use of "defeat devices" in hundreds of thousands of light duty diesel vehicles. the emergence of this issue has led to increased scrutiny of automaker emission testing by regulators around the world. this may lead to new regulations, more stringent enforcement programs, requests for field actions, and/or delays in regulatory approvals. the cost to comply with existing government regulations is substantial and additional regulations or changes in consumer preferences that affect vehicle mix could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. for more discussion of the impact of such standards on our global business, see the "governmental standards" discussion in "item 1. business" above. in addition, a number of governments, as well as non-governmental organizations, publicly assess vehicles to their own protocols. the protocols could change aggressively, and any negative perception regarding the performance of our vehicles subjected to such tests could reduce future sales.
unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise. we spend substantial resources ensuring that we comply with governmental safety regulations, mobile and stationary source emissions regulations, and other standards. compliance with governmental standards, however, does not necessarily prevent individual or class actions, which can entail significant cost and risk. in certain circumstances, courts may permit tort claims even where our vehicles comply with federal and/or other applicable law. furthermore, simply responding to actual or threatened litigation or government investigations of our compliance with regulatory standards, whether related to our products or business or commercial relationships, may require significant expenditures of time and other resources. litigation also is inherently uncertain, and we could experience significant adverse results. in addition, adverse publicity surrounding an allegation may cause significant reputational harm that could have a significant adverse effect on our sales.
a change in requirements under long-term supply arrangements committing ford to purchase minimum or fixed quantities of certain parts, or to pay a minimum amount to the seller ("take-or-pay" contracts). we have entered into a number of long-term supply contracts that require us to purchase a fixed quantity of parts to be used in the production of our vehicles. if our need for any of these parts were to lessen, we could still be required to purchase a specified quantity of the part or pay a minimum amount to the seller pursuant to the take-or-pay contract, which could have a substantial adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
adverse effects on results from a decrease in or cessation or clawback of government incentives related to investments. we receive economic benefits from national, state, and local governments in various regions of the world in the form of incentives designed to encourage manufacturers to establish, maintain, or increase investment, workforce, or production. these incentives may take various forms, including grants, loan subsidies, and tax abatements or credits. the impact of these incentives can be significant in a particular market during a reporting period. for example, most of our manufacturing facilities in south america are located in brazil, where the state or federal governments have historically offered, and continue to offer, significant incentives to manufacturers to encourage capital investment, increase manufacturing production, and create jobs. as a result, the performance of our south american operations has been impacted favorably by government incentives to a substantial extent. in brazil, however, the federal government has levied assessments against us concerning our calculation of federal incentives we received, and certain states have challenged the grant to us of tax incentives by the state of bahia, including a constitutional challenge of state incentives that is pending in brazil's supreme court. a decrease in, expiration without renewal of, or other cessation or clawback of government incentives for any of our business units, as a result of administrative decision or otherwise, could have a substantial adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. see note 2 of the notes to the financial statements for discussion of our accounting for government incentives, and "item 3. legal proceedings" for a discussion of tax proceedings in brazil and the potential requirement for us to post collateral.
inherent limitations of internal controls impacting financial statements and safeguarding of assets. our internal control over financial reporting and our operating internal controls may not prevent or detect misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement accuracy and safeguarding of assets.
cybersecurity risks to operational systems, security systems, or infrastructure owned by ford, ford credit, or a third-party vendor or supplier. we are at risk for interruptions, outages, and breaches of: (i) operational systems (including business, financial, accounting, product development, consumer receivables, data processing, or manufacturing processes); (ii) facility security systems; and/or (iii) in-vehicle systems or mobile devices. such cyber incidents could materially disrupt operational systems; result in loss of trade secrets or other proprietary or competitively sensitive information; compromise personally identifiable information of customers, employees, or others; jeopardize the security of our facilities; and/or affect the performance of in-vehicle systems. a cyber incident could be caused by malicious third parties using sophisticated, targeted methods to circumvent firewalls, encryption, and other security defenses, including hacking, fraud, trickery, or other forms of deception. the techniques used by third parties change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. a significant cyber incident could impact production capability, harm our reputation and/or subject us to regulatory actions or litigation.
failure of financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit and liquidity facilities. under our third amended and restated credit agreement dated as of april 30, 2015 and as further amended (the "revolving credit facility"), we are able to borrow, repay, and then re-borrow up to $13.4 billion. certain of our subsidiaries have standby or revolving credit facilities on which they depend for liquidity. if the financial institutions that provide commitments under the revolving credit facility, our subsidiaries' standby or revolving credit facilities, or other committed credit facilities were to default on their obligation to fund the commitments, these facilities would not be available to us, which could substantially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. for discussion of our credit agreement, see "liquidity and capital resources" in item 7 and note 13 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
inability of ford credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts, due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors. ford credit's ability to obtain unsecured funding at a reasonable cost is dependent on its credit ratings or its perceived creditworthiness. ford credit's ability to obtain securitized funding under its committed asset-backed liquidity programs and certain other asset-backed securitization transactions is subject to having a sufficient amount of assets eligible for these programs, as well as ford credit's ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings and, for certain committed programs, derivatives to manage the interest rate risk. over time, and particularly in the event of any credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or other factors, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates because of funding constraints. in addition, ford credit may be limited in the amount of receivables it purchases or originates in certain countries or regions if the local capital markets, particularly in developing countries, do not exist or are not adequately developed. similarly, ford credit may reduce the amount of receivables it purchases or originates if there is a significant decline in the demand for the types of securities it offers or ford credit is unable to obtain derivatives to manage the interest rate risk associated with its securitization transactions. a significant reduction in the amount of receivables ford credit purchases or originates would significantly reduce its ongoing profits and could adversely affect its ability to support the sale of ford vehicles.
higher-than-expected credit losses, lower-than-anticipated residual values, or higher-than-expected return volumes for leased vehicles.  credit risk is the possibility of loss from a customer's or dealer's failure to make payments according to contract terms. credit risk (which is heavily dependent upon economic factors including unemployment, consumer debt service burden, personal income growth, dealer profitability, and used car prices) has a significant impact on ford credit's business. the level of credit losses ford credit may experience could exceed its expectations and adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. in addition, ford credit projects expected residual values (including residual value support payments from ford) and return volumes for the vehicles it leases. actual proceeds realized by ford credit upon the sale of returned leased vehicles at lease termination may be lower than the amount projected, which would reduce the profitability of the lease transaction. among the factors that can affect the value of returned lease vehicles are the volume of vehicles returned, economic conditions, and quality or perceived quality, safety, fuel efficiency, or reliability of the vehicles. actual return volumes may be higher than expected and can be influenced by contractual lease-end values relative to auction values, marketing programs for new vehicles, and general economic conditions. each of these factors, alone or in combination, has the potential to adversely affect ford credit's profitability if actual results were to differ significantly from ford credit's projections. see "critical accounting estimates" in item 7 for additional discussion.
increased competition from banks, financial institutions, or other third parties seeking to increase their share of financing ford vehicles. no single company is a dominant force in the automotive finance industry. most of ford credit's bank competitors in the united states use credit aggregation systems that permit dealers to send, through standardized systems, retail credit applications to multiple finance sources to evaluate financing options offered by these sources. also, direct on-line or large dealer group financing options provide consumers with alternative finance sources and/or increased pricing transparency. all of these financing alternatives drive greater competition based on financing rates and terms. competition from such institutions and alternative finance sources could adversely affect ford credit's profitability and the volume of its retail business. in addition, ford credit may face increased competition on wholesale financing for ford dealers.
new or increased credit regulations, consumer or data protection regulations, or other regulations resulting in higher costs and/or additional financing restrictions. as a finance company, ford credit is highly regulated by governmental authorities in the locations in which it operates, which can impose significant additional costs and/or restrictions on its business.  in the united states, for example, ford credit's operations are subject to regulation, supervision, and licensing under various federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including the federal truth-in-lending act, consumer leasing act, equal credit opportunity act, and fair credit reporting act.
item 1a. risk factors (continued)
congress also passed the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act") in 2010 to reform practices in the financial services industries, including automotive financing and securitizations. the dodd-frank act directs federal agencies to adopt rules to regulate the consumer finance industry and the capital markets and, among other things, gives the consumer financial protection bureau ("cfpb") broad rule-making and enforcement authority for a wide range of consumer financial protection laws that regulate consumer finance businesses, such as ford credit's retail automotive financing business. exercise of these powers by the cfpb may increase the costs of, impose additional restrictions on, or otherwise adversely affect companies in the automotive finance business. for example, in march 2013, the cfpb issued a bulletin recommending that indirect vehicle lenders, a class that includes ford credit, take steps to monitor and/or impose controls over dealer discretionary pricing. effective august 31, 2015, the cfpb has authority to supervise and examine the largest nonbank automotive finance companies, such as ford credit, for compliance with consumer financial protection laws.
in addition, the dodd-frank act provides that a nonbank financial company could be designated a "systemically important financial institution" by the financial stability oversight council and thus be subject to supervision by the board of governors of the federal reserve system.  such a designation would mean that a nonbank finance company such as ford credit, in effect, could be regulated like a bank with respect to capital and other requirements, but without the benefits of being a bank-such as the ability to offer federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") insured deposits.
the dodd-frank act also creates an alternative liquidation framework under which the fdic may be appointed as receiver of a nonbank financial company if the u.s. treasury secretary (in consultation with the president of the united states) determines that the company is in default or danger of default and the resolution of the company under other applicable law (e.g., u.s. bankruptcy law) would have serious adverse effects on the financial stability of the united states. the fdic's powers under this framework may vary from those of a bankruptcy court under u.s. bankruptcy law, which could adversely impact securitization markets, including ford credit's funding activities, regardless of whether ford credit ever is determined to be subject to the dodd-frank act's alternative liquidation framework.
in some countries outside the united states, some of ford credit's subsidiaries are regulated banking institutions and are required, among other things, to maintain minimum capital and liquidity. in many other locations, governmental authorities require companies to have licenses in order to conduct financing businesses. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes additional costs on ford credit and affects the conduct of its business. additional regulation could add significant cost or operational constraints that might impair ford credit's profitability.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
overview revenue our automotive sector's revenue is generated primarily by sales of vehicles, parts, and accessories; we generally treat sales and marketing incentives as a reduction to revenue. revenue is recorded when all risks and rewards of ownership are transferred to our customers (generally, our dealers and distributors). for the majority of sales, this occurs when products are shipped from our manufacturing facilities. this is not the case, however, with respect to vehicles produced for sale to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option. these vehicles are accounted for as operating leases, with lease revenue and profits recognized over the term of the lease. proceeds from the sale of vehicles at auction are recognized in revenue at the time of sale.
most of the vehicles sold by us to our dealers and distributors are financed at wholesale by ford credit. upon ford credit originating the wholesale receivable related to a dealer's purchase of a vehicle, ford credit pays cash to the relevant legal entity in our automotive sector in payment of the dealer's obligation for the purchase price of the vehicle. the dealer then pays the wholesale finance receivable to ford credit when it sells the vehicle to a retail customer.
our financial services sector's revenue is generated primarily from interest on finance receivables, net of certain deferred origination costs that are included as a reduction of financing revenue, and such revenue is recognized over the term of the receivable using the interest method. also, revenue from operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. income is generated to the extent revenues exceed expenses, most of which are interest, depreciation, and operating expenses.
transactions between our automotive and financial services sectors occur in the ordinary course of business. for example, we offer special retail financing and lease incentives to dealers' customers who choose to finance or lease our vehicles from ford credit. the estimated cost for these incentives is recorded as revenue reduction to automotive sales at the later of the date the related vehicle sales to our dealers are recorded or the date the incentive program is both approved and communicated. in order to compensate ford credit for the lower interest or lease rates offered to the retail customer, we pay the discounted value of the incentive directly to ford credit when it originates the retail finance or lease contract with the dealer's customer. ford credit recognizes the amount over the life of retail finance contracts as an element of financing revenue and over the life of lease contracts as a reduction to depreciation. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for a more detailed discussion of transactions and payments between our automotive and financial services sectors.
costs and expenses our income statement classifies our automotive total costs and expenses into two categories: (i) cost of sales, and (ii) selling, administrative, and other expenses. we include within cost of sales those costs related to the development, manufacture, and distribution of our vehicles, parts, and accessories. specifically, we include in cost of sales each of the following: material costs (including commodity costs); freight costs; warranty, including product recall and customer satisfaction program costs; labor and other costs related to the development and manufacture of our products; depreciation and amortization; and other associated costs. we include within selling, administrative, and other expenses labor and other costs not directly related to the development and manufacture of our products, including such expenses as advertising and sales promotion costs.
certain of our costs, such as material costs, generally vary directly with changes in volume and mix of production. in our industry, production volume often varies significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year. quarterly production volumes experience seasonal shifts throughout the year (including peak retail sales seasons, and the impact on production of model changeover and new product launches). as we have seen in recent years, annual production volumes are heavily impacted by external economic factors, including the pace of economic growth and factors such as the availability of consumer credit and cost of fuel.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as a result, we analyze the profit impact of certain cost changes holding constant present-year volume and mix and currency exchange, in order to evaluate our cost trends absent the impact of varying production and currency exchange levels. we analyze these cost changes in the following categories:
•   structural costs - these costs typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. these costs include manufacturing, engineering, spending-related, advertising and sales promotion, administrative and selling, and pension and opeb costs.
while contribution costs generally vary directly in proportion to production volume, elements within our structural costs category are impacted to differing degrees by changes in production volume. we also have varying degrees of discretion when it comes to controlling the different elements within our structural costs. for example, depreciation and amortization expense largely is associated with prior capital spending decisions. on the other hand, while labor costs do not vary directly with production volume, manufacturing labor costs may be impacted by changes in volume, for example when we increase overtime, add a production shift or add personnel to support volume increases. other structural costs, such as advertising or engineering costs, do not necessarily have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. our structural costs generally are within our discretion, although to varying degrees, and can be adjusted over time in response to external factors.
we consider certain structural costs to be a direct investment in future growth and revenue. for example, increases in structural costs are necessary to grow our business and improve profitability as we expand around the world, invest in new products and technologies, respond to increasing industry sales volume, and grow our market share.
automotive total costs and expenses for full-year 2015 was $134.5 billion. material and commodity costs make up the largest portion of our automotive total costs and expenses, representing in 2015 about two-thirds of the total amount. of the remaining balance of our automotive costs and expenses, the largest piece is structural costs. although material costs are our largest absolute cost, our margins can be affected significantly by changes in any category of costs.
key economic factors and trends affecting the automotive industry currency exchange rate volatility. the u.s. federal reserve raised its policy interest rate in december 2015, for the first time since 2006, and the resulting shifts in capital flows have contributed to downward pressure on several emerging market currencies. in some cases that pressure is aggravated by low commodity prices, high inflation, or unstable policy environments. additionally, the yen and euro have depreciated as a result of monetary policy easing by the bank of japan and european central bank.  the weak yen, in particular, adds significant potential downward pressure on vehicle pricing across many markets globally.  in most markets, exchange rates are market-determined, and all are impacted by many different macroeconomic and policy factors, and thus likely to remain volatile.  however, in some markets, exchange rates are heavily influenced or controlled by governments.
excess capacity. according to ihs automotive, an automotive research firm, the estimated automotive industry global production capacity for light vehicles of about 119 million units exceeded global production by about 31 million units in 2015.  in north america and europe, two regions where a significant share of industry revenue is earned, excess capacity as a percent of production was an estimated 7% and 22%, respectively, in 2015. in china, the auto industry also witnessed excess capacity at 54% of production in 2015, as manufacturers competed to capitalize on china's future market potential. according to production capacity data projected by ihs automotive, global excess capacity conditions could continue for several years at an average of about 33 million units per year during the period from 2016 to 2020.
pricing pressure. excess capacity, coupled with a proliferation of new products being introduced in key segments, will keep pressure on manufacturers' ability to increase prices.  in north america, the industry restructuring of the past few years has allowed manufacturers to better match production with demand, although japanese and korean manufacturers also have capacity located outside of the region directed to north america.  in the future, chinese and indian manufacturers are expected to enter u.s. and european markets, further intensifying competition.  over the long term, intense competition and excess capacity will continue to put downward pressure on inflation-adjusted prices for similarly-contented vehicles in the united states and contribute to a challenging pricing environment for the automotive industry.  in europe, the excess capacity situation was exacerbated by weakening demand and the lack of reductions in existing capacity, such that negative pricing pressure is expected to continue for the foreseeable future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
commodity and energy price changes. the price of oil has continued to decline in early 2016, after averaging under $50 per barrel in 2015, as global supply remains strong despite the ongoing price pressures. other commodity prices also have declined recently, but over the longer term prices are likely to trend higher given expectations for global demand growth.
vehicle profitability. our financial results depend on the profitability of the vehicles we sell, which may vary significantly by vehicle line. in general, larger vehicles tend to command higher prices and be more profitable than smaller vehicles, both across and within vehicle segments. for example, in north america, our larger, more profitable vehicles had an average contribution margin that was about 135% of our total average contribution margin across all vehicles, whereas our smaller vehicles had significantly lower contribution margins. government regulations aimed at reducing emissions and increasing fuel efficiency may increase the cost of vehicles by more than the perceived benefit to the consumer. given the backdrop of excess capacity, these regulations could dampen contribution margins. as we execute our one ford plan, we are working to create best-in-class vehicles on global platforms that contribute higher margins, and offering a more balanced portfolio of vehicles with which we aim to be among the leaders in fuel efficiency in every segment in which we compete.
increasing sales of smaller vehicles. like other manufacturers, we are increasing our participation in newly-developed and emerging markets, such as brazil, russia, india, and china, in which vehicle sales are expected to increase at a faster rate than in most mature markets. the largest segments in these markets are small vehicles (i.e., sub-b, b, and c segments). to increase our participation in these fast-growing markets, we are significantly increasing our production capacity, directly or through joint ventures. although we expect positive contribution margins from higher small vehicle sales, one result of increased production of small vehicles may be that, over time, our average per unit margin decreases because small vehicles tend to have lower margins than medium and large vehicles.
trade policy. to the extent governments in various regions erect or intensify barriers to imports, or implement currency policy that advantages local exporters selling into the global marketplace, there can be a significant negative impact on manufacturers based in markets that promote free trade.  while we believe the long-term trend is toward the growth of free trade, we have noted with concern recent developments in a number of regions.  in asia pacific, for example, the recent dramatic depreciation of the yen significantly reduces the cost of exports into the united states, europe, and other global markets by japanese manufacturers.  over a period of time, the emerging weakness of the yen can contribute to other countries pursuing weak currency policies by intervening in the exchange rate markets.  this is particularly likely in other asian countries, such as south korea.  as another example, government actions in south america to incentivize local production and balance trade are driving trade frictions between south american countries and also with mexico, resulting in business environment instability and new trade barriers.  we will continue to monitor and address developing issues around trade policy.
other economic factors. during 2015, mature market government bond yields and inflation were lower than expected, and there is a rising risk of persistent disinflation and, in some markets, even outright deflation. the lower levels of inflation and interest rates were unexpected partially because they have occurred against a backdrop of loose monetary policy and high levels of mature market deficits and debt. the eventual implications of higher government deficits and debt, with potentially higher long-term interest rates, may still drive a higher cost of capital over our planning period.  higher interest rates and/or taxes to address the higher deficits also may impede real growth in gross domestic product and, therefore, vehicle sales over our planning period.
for additional information on our assessment of the business environment, refer to the "outlook" section below.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
trends and strategies the traditional global automotive industry achieves around $2.3 trillion in revenue per year. today, our share of this is about 6%. at the same time, transportation services, which includes services such as mass transit, taxis, and ride sharing, totals about $5.4 trillion in revenue annually, and is expected to grow in the next 15 years. yet, we and our auto industry competitors receive virtually none of the revenue from those transportation services. that is about to change. we see being an auto company and a mobility company as a significant opportunity, and we are very serious about investing in, innovating in, and leading in both.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
strengthening today's business. we are strengthening and investing in our core business of designing, developing, manufacturing, marketing, financing, and servicing cars, trucks, suvs, and electrified vehicles. having completed the launch of 16 new vehicles globally in 2015, we are planning another active product year in 2016 with 12 global product launches, including the new f-series super duty, ford gt, and lincoln continental. we will add more electrified products for ford and lincoln, including the new focus electric, which features all-new dc fast-charge capability delivering an 80% charge in an estimated 30 minutes and a projected 100-mile range. through 2020, we plan to invest $4.5 billion in electrified vehicle solutions. strengthening our business includes restructuring the parts that have no reasonable prospect for profitability or are no longer relevant for the future we see for ourselves.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
pursuing emerging opportunities. at the same time that we are strengthening our core business, we are pursuing emerging opportunities through ford smart mobility, our plan to be a leader in connectivity, mobility, autonomous vehicles, the customer experience, and data and analytics. we will have more to say concerning ford smart mobility throughout the year, but a few of the highlights so far include:
•   sync connect - by 2020, more than 10 million vehicles in north america will be equipped with sync connect built-in modems. sync connect will enhance our connected car capabilities by enabling our customers to lock, unlock, start, and locate vehicles using their smart phones.
•   autonomous vehicles - we are tripling our fleet of fusion hybrid autonomous research vehicles this year, making our fully-autonomous vehicle fleet the largest of all automakers. we are increasing autonomous testing at m-city and in california, and we are the first automaker to have tested autonomous vehicles in the snow.
•   fordpass - we are working to transform the automotive customer experience to be more enjoyable, starting with the introduction of fordpass. through fordpass, customers will be able to connect with marketplace services (including parking solutions, ride sharing, car sharing, and multimodal transportation), solve mobility challenges with live "guides" who will help with their mobility challenges (all at the touch of a button), and access merchandise and unique experiences in collaboration with affinity partners (including mcdonald's, 7-eleven, and others).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
our three priorities. as we strengthen our core business and prepare for emerging opportunities, we are staying focused on three priorities:
•   accelerating the pace of progress on our one ford plan,
•   driving innovation in every part of our business.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
results of operations on december 31, 2015, we adopted a change in accounting method for certain components of expense related to our defined benefit pension and opeb plans (see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements). we have applied the change in accounting method retrospectively to periods covered in this report, and the amounts below reflect this change.
total company our net income attributable to ford motor company was $7.4 billion or $1.84 per share of common and class b stock in 2015, an increase of $6.1 billion or $1.53 per share from 2014.
financial services sector pre-tax results                          2,028                1,794                1,672
(provision for)/benefit from income taxes                         (2,881    )              (4    )          (2,425    )
net income includes certain items ("special items") that we have grouped into "pension and opeb remeasurements," "personnel and dealer-related items," and "other items" to provide useful information to investors about the nature of the special items. the first category includes pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses. these gains and losses, generally recognized in the fourth quarter, are not reflective of our underlying automotive business results. the second category includes items related to our efforts to match production capacity and cost structure to market demand and changing model mix and therefore helps investors track amounts related to those activities. the third category includes items that we do not generally consider to be indicative of our ongoing operating activities, and therefore allows investors analyzing our pre-tax results to identify certain infrequent significant items that they may wish to exclude when considering the trend of ongoing operating results.
as detailed in note 24 of the notes to the financial statements, we allocate special items to a separate reconciling item, as opposed to allocating them among the operating segments and other automotive, reflecting the fact that management excludes these items from its review of operating segment results for purposes of measuring segment profitability and allocating resources among the segments.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
venezuela accounting change          -                       (800    )               -
ford sollers equity impairment       -                       (329    )               -
our tax special items of $205 million and $1.9 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively, primarily reflect the tax associated with our pre-tax special items. our tax special item of $116 million in 2013 reflects the tax associated with our pre-tax special items, offset by a favorable increase in deferred tax assets related to investments in our european operations and the release of valuation allowances held against u.s. state and local deferred tax assets.
net income attributable to ford          operating results excluding special items after-tax results (mils.)
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
discussion of automotive sector, financial services sector, and total company results of operations below is on a pre-tax basis and excludes special items unless otherwise specifically noted. references to records by automotive segments-north america, south america, europe, middle east & africa, and asia pacific-are since at least 2000 when we began reporting specific business unit results.
results by segment. the chart below shows our 2015 company pre-tax results by automotive business unit, along with other automotive which is mainly net interest expense, and our financial services sector.
we achieved a record company full-year pre-tax profit of $10.8 billion in 2015. collectively, our operations outside of north america were profitable and every business unit, with the exception of south america, was profitable in 2015. in europe, we earned $259 million, reflecting the progress of our transformation plan announced in 2012. asia pacific had its best-ever annual profit. north america and ford credit continued to deliver benchmark profitability. and as shown below the chart, all business units improved compared to 2014.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   wholesales and revenue - wholesale unit volumes include all ford and lincoln badged units (whether produced by ford or by an unconsolidated affiliate) that are sold to dealerships, units manufactured by ford that are sold to other manufacturers, units distributed by ford for other manufacturers, and local brand units produced by our china joint venture, jiangling motors corporation, ltd. ("jmc"), that are sold to dealerships. vehicles sold to daily rental car companies that are subject to a guaranteed repurchase option (i.e., rental repurchase), as well as other sales of finished vehicles for which the recognition of revenue is deferred (e.g., consignments), also are included in wholesale unit volumes. revenue from certain vehicles in wholesale unit volumes (specifically, ford badged vehicles produced and distributed by our unconsolidated affiliates, as well as jmc brand vehicles) are not included in our revenue
•   automotive operating margin - defined as automotive pre-tax results, excluding special items and other automotive, divided by automotive revenue
•   industry volume and market share - based, in part, on estimated vehicle registrations; includes medium and heavy duty trucks. for periods prior to 2016, china industry volume and market share are based on estimated wholesales.
•   automotive cash - includes cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities net of securities-in-transit.
in general, we measure year-over-year change in automotive pre-tax operating profit for our total automotive sector and reportable segments using the causal factors listed below, with net pricing and cost variances calculated at present-year volume and mix and exchange:
•   market factors:
◦   volume and mix - primarily measures profit variance from changes in wholesale volumes (at prior-year average margin per unit) driven by changes in industry volume, market share, and dealer stocks, as well as the profit variance resulting from changes in product mix, including mix among vehicle lines and mix of trim levels and options within a vehicle line
◦   net pricing - primarily measures profit variance driven by changes in wholesale prices to dealers and marketing incentive programs such as rebate programs, low-rate financing offers, and special lease offers
•   contribution costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by per-unit changes in cost categories that typically vary with volume, such as material costs (including commodity and component costs), warranty expense, and freight and duty costs
•   structural costs - primarily measures profit variance driven by absolute change in cost categories that typically do not have a directly proportionate relationship to production volume. structural costs include the following cost categories:
◦   manufacturing, including volume related - consists primarily of costs for hourly and salaried manufacturing personnel, plant overhead (such as utilities and taxes), and new product launch expense. these costs could be affected by volume for operating pattern actions such as overtime, line-speed, and shift schedules
◦   engineering - consists primarily of costs for engineering personnel, prototype materials, testing, and outside engineering services
◦   spending-related - consists primarily of depreciation and amortization of our manufacturing and engineering assets, but also includes asset retirements and operating leases
◦   advertising and sales promotions - includes costs for advertising, marketing programs, brand promotions, customer mailings and promotional events, and auto shows
◦   administrative and selling - includes primarily costs for salaried personnel and purchased services related to our staff activities and selling functions, as well as associated information technology costs
◦   pension and opeb - consists primarily of past service pension costs and other postretirement employee benefit costs
•   exchange - primarily measures profit variance driven by one or more of the following: (i) transactions denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant entities, (ii) effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars, (iii) effects of remeasuring monetary assets and liabilities of the relevant entities in currencies other than their functional currency, or (iv) results of our foreign currency hedging
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
◦   net interest - primarily measures profit variance driven by changes in our automotive sector's centrally-managed net interest, which consists of interest expense, interest income, fair market value adjustments on our cash equivalents and marketable securities portfolio (excluding strategic equity investments held in marketable securities), and other adjustments
◦   other - items not included in the causal factors defined above
the charts on the following pages detail 2015 key metrics and the change in 2015 pre-tax results compared with 2014 by causal factor for our automotive sector and its segments.
shown above are the key market factors and financial metrics for our automotive business for full year 2015. our automotive operating margin of 6.8 percent was the highest since at least the 1990s. each of the key metrics improved compared to 2014:
•automotive revenue was up 4%, or 9% at constant exchange,
•automotive operating margin was up 2.2 points or nearly 50%, and
•record full year automotive pre-tax profit, at $8.8 billion, was up 60%.
global industry volume, estimated at 89.5 million units, was up 1.4 million units from a year ago. our global market share, at 7.3%, was up two-tenths of a percentage point with gains in south america and europe.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as shown above, our full year automotive pre-tax profit improved by $3.3 billion. the improvement was driven by $7.4 billion of favorable market factors, reflecting the success of our new product launches, our asia pacific growth strategy, as well as industry growth in north america and europe. cost increases were mainly product-related costs and manufacturing and engineering expense that supported our growth in 2015, and will support further growth in 2016 and beyond.
total costs and expenses. for 2015 and 2014, total costs and expenses, including special items, for our automotive sector were $134.5 billion and $136.8 billion, respectively, a difference of $2.3 billion. the detail for the change is shown below (in billions):
volume and mix, exchange, and other                    $1.4
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
north america had an outstanding year, with each of north america's key metrics improving compared with a year ago. we delivered substantial top-line growth, operating margin at 10.2%, and full year pre-tax profit of $9.3 billion-up 26%.
the north america industry volume improved compared with a year ago; the u.s. industry volume totaled 17.8 million units, up 1 million units. u.s. market share was flat compared to last year. in addition, although not shown above, u.s. retail share increased one-tenth of a percentage point to 13.0% driven by strong demand for our newest products, including f-150 and mustang.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
favorable volume and mix and higher net pricing drove north america's pre-tax profit higher than a year ago. higher costs, including a one-time ratification bonus in other related to the uaw agreement in the fourth quarter, and unfavorable exchange were partial offsets.
with the 16 global product launches last year, we expect about 45% of our wholesales in 2016 to be from products that we launched since january 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
wholesale volume, revenue, and operating margin were each lower than a year ago, reflecting the continued deterioration of the business environment in south america. despite the tough conditions, south america's pre-tax loss for the full year was reduced by $332 million, or 29%, compared to last year.
the south america industry volume, at 4.2 million units, was down 1.1 million units. most of this was in brazil.
ford's market share in south america, at 9.6%, was up seven-tenths of a percentage point reflecting our strong performance in brazil with the all-new ka.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the full year pre-tax loss in south america was less severe than a year ago, reflecting higher net pricing and market share, partially offset by lower industry.
our team in the region continues to work on all areas of the business to counter the effects of the difficult business environment and position ourselves to be able to recover quickly once conditions begin to improve.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
with the exception of revenue, which was impacted adversely by the strong u.s. dollar, all metrics for the full year were better than a year ago.
the europe industry volume was 600,000 units higher compared to a year ago, more than explained by the improvement in the europe 20 markets. our total europe market share in the region was up five-tenths of a percentage point to 7.7%, reflecting the strength of ecosport and mondeo and geographic mix.
in 2015, ford became europe's best-selling commercial vehicle brand, reflecting the strength of our renewed transit line-up and ranger as well as our dedicated dealer network support.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in europe, our full year pre-tax profit was $259 million, up over $850 million compared to a year ago. the improvement in europe reflects favorable market factors and improved costs flowing through to the bottom line, partially offset by unfavorable exchange and the consolidation of ford sollers, our joint venture in russia. returning to profitability in 2015 reflected the progress of our transformation plan announced in 2012.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
our pre-tax results and operating margin improved from a year ago, reflecting higher net pricing offset by lower volume. wholesale volume and revenue declined compared to a year ago.
the industry volume for the region was flat and our market share declined one-tenth of a percentage point due to industry growth in markets in which we do not participate. market share was higher compared to 2014 in the major markets in which we do participate.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in asia pacific, we had our best year yet as we continue to execute our growth strategy.
asia pacific achieved record volume, revenue, operating margin, and pre-tax profit in 2015, mainly reflecting the strength of our new products, including the all-new three-row edge, figo, everest, lincoln mkx, taurus, and new ranger.
our china joint ventures contributed $1.5 billion to pre-tax profit in 2015, reflecting our equity share of the unconsolidated joint ventures' after-tax earnings; this was $234 million higher than last year.
the industry volume for the region was 40.5 million units, up 800,000 units from a year ago, more than explained by an increase in the china industry volume. for the full year, both our asia pacific regional market share of 3.5% and our china market share of 4.5% were the same as a year ago.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
asia pacific delivered an outstanding year with a record pre-tax profit of $765 million, up 29% from a year ago. favorable volume was driven by strong industry in china, where we were able to leverage the government incentive program with our strong line-up of vehicles with 1.6l or smaller engines. higher mix reflected the strength of our new products, highlighted by the performance of the locally produced all-new three-row edge. higher structural cost was a partial offset to the improvement, as we continue to invest for further growth in the region.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the charts on the following pages detail 2014 key metrics and the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor for our automotive sector and its operating segments-north america, south america, europe, middle east & africa, and asia pacific.
as shown above, full-year wholesale volume was about equal to 2013. automotive sector revenue was lower than in 2013 by 3%, more than explained by lower volume from consolidated operations and unfavorable exchange. operating margin, at 4.6%, and pre-tax profit, at $5.5 billion, were also lower.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
lower pre-tax profit was driven by the americas; all other business units improved. higher costs, including warranty, unfavorable exchange, and lower volume, including product launch effects and supplier parts shortages, more than explain the decline. higher net pricing was a partial offset.
total costs and expenses. for 2014 and 2013, total costs and expenses, including special items, for our automotive sector were $136.9 billion and $127.9 billion, respectively, a difference of $9 billion. the detail for the change is shown below (in billions):
volume and mix, exchange, and other                    $2.9
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in 2014, automotive pre-tax profit was driven by profits in north america and record results in asia pacific. middle east & africa was about breakeven, while europe and south america incurred large losses as expected. other automotive primarily reflects net interest expense.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as shown above, north america's full-year wholesale volume and revenue both declined 5% compared with 2013. operating margin was 9.0%, 2.4 percentage points lower than in 2013, while pre-tax profit was $7.4 billion, down $2.4 billion.
for the full year, total u.s. market share was down 1 percentage point, primarily reflecting lower f-150 share as we prepared for the all-new vehicle by balancing share with transaction prices and stocks, as well as a planned reduction in daily rental sales. u.s. retail share of retail industry was down 0.6 percentage points.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the decrease in pre-tax profit for 2014 compared with 2013 is more than explained by lower volume and higher costs, including warranty.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as shown above, full-year wholesale volume and revenue deteriorated compared with 2013 by 14% and 19%, respectively. operating margin was negative 13.2%, and the pre-tax loss was $1.2 billion, both deteriorated compared with 2013. the deterioration in all metrics was driven by unfavorable changes in the external factors mentioned above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the decrease in pre-tax profit for 2014 compared with 2013 is more than explained by unfavorable exchange, higher costs (primarily driven by higher inflation), and lower volume, offset partially by favorable net pricing. the higher net pricing reflects partial recovery of the adverse effects of high local inflation and weaker local currencies, along with pricing associated with our new products. the full year loss includes $426 million of adverse balance sheet exchange effects, related primarily to the devaluation of the venezuela bolivar in the first quarter.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
europe's full-year wholesale volume and revenue were up 5% and 8%, respectively, compared with 2013. operating margin was negative 2.0% and the pre-tax loss was $0.6 billion, both improved from 2013.
europe 20 full-year market share, at 7.9%, was up 0.1 percentage points, more than explained by a 1.4 percentage point improvement in our commercial vehicle share, to 11.4%, reflecting the success of our full line of new transit vehicles and continued strong performance of the ranger compact pick-up. for the year, europe retail share of the retail passenger car industry for the five major markets was 8.2%, unchanged from 2013.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the improvement in pre-tax results is more than explained by higher volume and lower cost, offset partially by russia and other factors, including lower component pricing and parts and accessories profits.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
middle east & africa's full-year wholesale volume and revenue were down 4% and 3%, respectively, compared with 2013. operating margin was negative 0.5% and the pre-tax loss was $20 million, both improved from 2013. the improvement in pre-tax results is more than explained by higher net pricing and favorable mix.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as shown above, all full year metrics improved from 2013 and all were records. wholesale volume improved 13% compared with 2013, while revenue, which excludes our china joint ventures, improved 5%. our wholesale volume in china, not shown, was up 19%. operating margin was 5.5%, up 2.3 percentage points, and pre-tax profit was $593 million, up $262 million.
as shown in the memo, our china joint ventures contributed $1.3 billion to pre-tax profit in 2014, reflecting our equity share of earnings after tax. the balance of results for the region primarily reflect australia where we have been implementing our transformation plan; india where we have been investing for future growth, including the launch of two plants in 2014; and industry and economic factors in asean.
our market share in the region was a record 3.5% for the full year, up by 0.2 percentage points compared with 2013. the improvement was driven by china, where our market share for the full year rose to a record 4.5%, up by 0.4 percentage points compared with 2013, reflecting continued strong sales across our vehicle line-up.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the improvement in 2014 pre-tax results primarily reflects favorable market factors, offset partially by higher costs, including investments to support future growth, and unfavorable exchange.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services sector ford credit has two operations, north america and international. in general, we measure year-over-year changes in ford credit's pre-tax results using the causal factors listed below:
◦   volume primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by changes in average finance receivables and net investment in operating leases at prior period financing margin yield (defined below in financing margin) at prior period exchange rates. volume changes are primarily driven by the volume of new and used vehicle sales and leases, the extent to which ford credit purchases retail installment sale and lease contracts, the extent to which ford credit provides wholesale financing, the sales price of the vehicles financed, the level of dealer inventories, ford-sponsored special financing programs available exclusively through ford credit, and the availability of cost-effective funding for the purchase of retail installment sale and lease contracts and to provide wholesale financing.
◦   mix primarily measures changes in net financing margin driven by period over period changes in the composition of ford credit's average managed receivables by product and by country or region.
◦   financing margin variance is the period-to-period change in financing margin yield multiplied by the present period average receivables at prior period exchange rates. this calculation is performed at the product and country level and then aggregated. financing margin yield equals revenue, less interest expense and scheduled depreciation for the period, divided by average receivables for the same period.
◦   financing margin changes are driven by changes in revenue and interest expense. changes in revenue are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, cost assumptions in pricing, mix of business, and competitive environment. changes in interest expense are primarily driven by the level of market interest rates, borrowing spreads, and asset-liability management.
◦   credit loss is the change in the provision for credit losses at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits the provision for credit losses primarily into net charge-offs and the change in the allowance for credit losses.
◦   net charge-off changes are primarily driven by the number of repossessions, severity per repossession, and recoveries. changes in the allowance for credit losses are primarily driven by changes in historical trends in credit losses and recoveries, changes in the composition and size of ford credit's present portfolio, changes in trends in historical used vehicle values, and changes in economic conditions. for additional information on the allowance for credit losses, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - allowance for credit losses" section below.
◦   lease residual measures changes to residual performance at prior period exchange rates. for analysis purposes, management splits residual performance primarily into residual gains and losses, and the change in accumulated supplemental depreciation.
◦   residual gain and loss changes are primarily driven by the number of vehicles returned to ford credit and sold, and the difference between the auction value and the depreciated value of the vehicles sold. changes in accumulated supplemental depreciation are primarily driven by changes in ford credit's estimate of the number of vehicles that will be returned to it and sold, and changes in the estimate of the expected auction value at the end of the lease term. for additional information on accumulated supplemental depreciation, refer to the "critical accounting estimates - accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases" section below.
•   exchange:
◦   reflects changes in pre-tax results driven by the effects of converting functional currency income to u.s. dollars.
◦   primarily includes operating expenses, other revenue, and insurance expenses at prior period exchange rates.
◦   changes in operating expenses are primarily driven by salaried personnel costs, facilities costs, and costs associated with the origination and servicing of customer contracts.
◦   in general, other revenue changes are primarily driven by changes in earnings related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives (primarily related to movements in interest rates), and other miscellaneous items.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit had another outstanding year with pre-tax profit of $2.1 billion, up $232 million from 2014.
ford credit continues to support our growth with contract volume up 8% in 2015 and year-end managed receivables of $127 billion, up $14 billion from 2014.
managed receivables equal net finance receivables of $96.8 billion and $86.9 billion and net investment in operating leases of $25.1 billion and $21.5 billion reported on ford credit's balance sheet at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, excluding unearned interest supplements and residual support of $4.5 billion and $3.9 billion, allowance for credit losses of $0.4 billion and $0.4 billion, and other (primarily accumulated supplemental depreciation) of $0.4 billion and $0.1 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
ford credit's purchase policy remains consistent along with a relentless focus on originations, servicing, and collections. as a result, its portfolio performance continues to be robust with the loss-to-receivables ratio at the low end of ford credit's historical experience.
ford credit is a strategic asset, supporting ford's sales around the world with a strong balance sheet and outstanding operating performance.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the chart below details the change in 2015 pre-tax results compared with 2014 by causal factor for ford credit.
ford credit's 2015 pre-tax profit improved compared with 2014. the improvement is more than explained by favorable volume and mix, driven by growth in all products globally. higher credit losses and the adverse effect of the stronger u.s. dollar were partial offsets. the higher credit losses, primarily in north america, reflect reserve increases in 2015 compared with reserve releases in 2014. charge-offs were also higher.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit. the chart below details the change in 2014 pre-tax results compared with 2013 by causal factor.
the improvement of $98 million in pre-tax profit in 2014 compared with 2013 is more than explained by favorable volume and mix, driven by increases in consumer and non-consumer finance receivables globally, as well as an increase in operating leases in north america.
partial offsets include lower financing margin, reflecting primarily lower portfolio pricing in north america and a one-time reserve in europe, and unfavorable lease residual performance in north america, resulting from lower relative auction values.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources automotive sector our automotive liquidity strategy includes ensuring that we have sufficient liquidity available with a high degree of certainty throughout the business cycle by generating cash from operations and maintaining access to other sources of funding. we target to have an average ongoing automotive cash balance of about $20 billion. we expect to have periods when we will be above or below this amount due to (i) future cash flow expectations such as for pension contributions, debt maturities, capital investments, or restructuring requirements, (ii) short-term timing differences, and (iii) changes in the global economic environment. in addition, we also target to maintain a revolving credit facility for our automotive business of about $10 billion to protect against exogenous shocks. our revolving credit facility is discussed below.
we assess the appropriate long-term target for total automotive liquidity, comprised of automotive cash and the revolving credit facility, to be about $30 billion, which is an amount we believe is sufficient to support our business priorities and to protect our business. our automotive cash and automotive liquidity targets could be reduced over time based on improved operating performance and changes in our risk profile.
for a discussion of risks to our liquidity, see "item 1a. risk factors," as well as note 27 of the notes to the financial statements, regarding commitments and contingencies that could impact our liquidity.
our key liquidity metrics are automotive cash, automotive liquidity, and operating-related cash flow (which best represents the ability of our automotive operations to generate cash).
automotive cash is detailed below as of the dates shown (in billions):
marketable securities                           18.2                        17.1                        20.1
total cash and marketable securities            23.6                        21.7                        25.1
(a)   the purchase or sale of marketable securities for which the cash settlement was not made by period-end and a payable or receivable was recorded on the balance sheet.
our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are held primarily in highly liquid investments, which provide for anticipated and unanticipated cash needs. our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities primarily include u.s. department of treasury obligations, federal agency securities, bank time deposits with investment-grade institutions, corporate investment-grade securities, commercial paper rated a-1/p-1 or higher, and debt obligations of a select group of non-u.s. governments, non-u.s. governmental agencies, and supranational institutions. the average maturity of these investments ranges from about 90 days to up to about one year, and is adjusted based on market conditions and liquidity needs. we monitor our cash levels and average maturity on a daily basis. of our total automotive cash at december 31, 2015, consolidated entities domiciled in the united states held 84%.
automotive cash and liquidity as of the dates shown were as follows (in billions):
in managing our business, we classify changes in automotive cash into operating-related and other items (which includes the impact of certain special items, contributions to funded pension plans, certain tax-related transactions, acquisitions and divestitures, capital transactions with the financial services sector, dividends paid to shareholders, and other-primarily financing-related).
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we believe the cash flow analysis reflected in the table below is useful to investors because it includes in operating-related cash flow elements that we consider to be related to our automotive operating activities (e.g., capital spending) and excludes cash flow elements that we do not consider to be related to the ability of our operations to generate cash. this differs from a cash flow statement prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") and differs from net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
changes in automotive cash are summarized below (in billions):
automotive cash at end of period                         $23.6             $21.7             $24.8
automotive cash at beginning of period                    21.7              24.8              24.3
change in automotive cash                                 $1.9             $(3.1   )          $0.5
automotive pre-tax profits (excluding special items)      $8.8              $5.5              $8.4
capital spending                                          (7.1   )          (7.4   )          (6.6   )
changes in working capital (a)                             0.6              (0.4   )          (0.3   )
automotive operating-related cash flows                    7.3               3.6               6.1
net receipts from financial services sector (c)            0.2               0.6               0.4
changes in debt                                           (0.8   )          (0.9   )           0.7
change in cash                                            $1.9             $(3.1   )          $0.5
(a)   working capital is comprised of changes in receivables, inventory, and trade payables.
(b)   primarily expense and payment timing differences for items such as pension and opeb, compensation, marketing, warranty, and timing differences between unconsolidated affiliate profits and dividends received. also includes other factors, such as the impact of tax payments and vehicle financing activities between automotive and financial services sectors.
(d)   2014 includes one-time unfavorable cash effect associated with the accounting change for our operations in venezuela.
(e)   in 2014, we used $2 billion in cash to settle repurchases of approximately 116 million shares of ford common stock.
with respect to "changes in working capital," in general we carry relatively low automotive sector trade receivables compared with our trade payables because the majority of our automotive wholesales are financed (primarily by ford credit) immediately upon sale of vehicles to dealers, which generally occurs at the time the vehicles are gate-released shortly after being produced.  in addition, our inventories are lean because we build to order, not for inventory.  in contrast, our automotive trade payables are based primarily on industry-standard production supplier payment terms generally ranging between 30 days to 45 days.  as a result, our cash flow tends to improve as wholesale volumes increase, but can deteriorate significantly when wholesale volumes drop sharply. these working capital balances generally are subject to seasonal changes that can impact cash flow.  for example, we typically experience cash flow timing differences associated with inventories and payables due to our annual summer and december shutdown periods, when production, and therefore inventories and wholesale volumes, are usually at their lowest levels, while payables continue to come due and be paid.  the net impact of this typically results in cash outflows from changes in our working capital balances during these shutdown periods.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
shown below is a reconciliation between financial statement net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities and operating-related cash flows (calculated as shown in the table above), as of the dates shown (in billions):
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities             $12.3              $8.8              $7.7
items included in operating-related cash flows capital spending                                                 (7.1   )          (7.4   )          (6.6   )
proceeds from the exercise of stock options                       0.2               0.2               0.3
items not included in operating-related cash flows separation payments                                               0.6               0.2               0.3
operating-related cash flows                                     $7.3              $3.6              $6.1
credit agreement. lenders under our third amended and restated credit agreement dated as of april 30, 2015 and as further amended (the "revolving credit facility") have commitments to us totaling $13.4 billion, with 75% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2020 and 25% of the commitments maturing on april 30, 2018. we have allocated $3 billion of commitments to ford credit on an irrevocable and exclusive basis to support its growth and liquidity. any borrowings by ford credit under the revolving credit facility would be guaranteed by us.
the revolving credit facility is unsecured and free of material adverse change conditions to borrowing, restrictive financial covenants (for example, interest or fixed charge coverage ratio, debt-to-equity ratio, and minimum net worth requirements), and credit rating triggers that could limit our ability to obtain funding. the revolving credit facility contains a liquidity covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum of $4 billion in aggregate of domestic cash, cash equivalents, and loaned and marketable securities and/or availability under the revolving credit facility. if our senior, unsecured, long-term debt does not maintain at least two investment grade ratings from fitch, moody's, and s&p (each as defined under "total company" below), the guarantees of certain subsidiaries will be required.
at december 31, 2015, the utilized portion of the revolving credit facility was $48 million, representing amounts utilized as letters of credit.
u.s. department of energy ("doe") advanced technology vehicle manufacturer ("atvm") incentive program.  see note 13 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding the atvm loan.
other automotive credit facilities. at december 31, 2015, we had $1.5 billion of local credit facilities available to non-u.s. automotive affiliates, of which $836 million had been utilized.
net cash. our automotive sector net cash calculation as of the dates shown was as follows (in billions):
total debt at december 31, 2015 was $1 billion lower than at december 31, 2014. the reduction primarily represents debt repayments, offset partially by the addition of the external debt of ford sollers, our joint venture in russia, as a result of the consolidation of the joint venture on march 31, 2015, and higher local funding in brazil.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
pension plan contributions and strategy. worldwide, our defined benefit pension plans were underfunded by $8.2 billion at december 31, 2015, an improvement of $1.6 billion from december 31, 2014, due to higher discount rates and favorable exchange partially offset by asset returns in the united states. the u.s. weighted-average discount rate increased 33 basis points to 4.27% at year-end 2015 from 3.94% at year-end 2014. the non-u.s. weighted average discount rate increased 14 basis points to 3.20% at year-end 2015 from 3.06% at year-end 2014. of the $8.2 billion underfunded status at year-end 2015, $5.7 billion, or about 70%, is associated with our unfunded plans.
our strategy is to reduce the risk of our funded defined benefit pension plans, including minimizing the volatility of the value of our pension assets relative to pension liabilities and the need for unplanned use of capital resources to fund the plans. the strategy reduces balance sheet, cash flow, and income exposures and, in turn, reduces our risk profile. the key elements of this strategy include:
•   limiting liability growth in our defined benefit plans by closing participation to new participants;
•   progressively re-balancing assets to more fixed income investments, with a target asset allocation of about 80% fixed income investments and 20% growth assets, which will provide a better matching of plan assets to the characteristics of the liabilities, thereby reducing our net exposure; and
•   taking other strategic actions to reduce pension liabilities.
on december 31, 2015, we adopted a change in accounting method for our defined benefit pension and opeb plans. ford will recognize pension and opeb remeasurement gains and losses in the year incurred (generally in the fourth quarter) rather than amortizing them over many years. the remeasurement will be reported as a special item since it is not reflective of the underlying operating results of our automotive business. the change in accounting method will have no effect on our funding requirements, cash flows, or employees' pension or opeb benefits. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for additional information on the change in accounting.
in 2015, consistent with our plan, we contributed $1.1 billion to our global funded pension plans (most of which were mandatory contributions), a decrease of $0.4 billion compared with 2014. during 2016, we expect to contribute $1.5 billion from automotive cash to our global funded pension plans (including discretionary contributions of about $400 million). we also expect to make about $300 million of benefit payments to participants in unfunded plans, for a combined total of $1.8 billion. based on current assumptions and regulations, we do not expect to have a legal requirement to fund our major u.s. plans in 2016. after 2016, we expect contributions to our global funded plans to be limited to ongoing service cost of about $500 to $700 million per year.
asset returns in 2015 for our u.s. plans were (1.8)% reflecting fixed income losses as interest rates rose, partially offset by positive growth asset returns. the fixed income mix in our u.s. plans at year-end 2015 was 77%, unchanged from year-end 2014. asset returns for our non-u.s. plans were 7.7%, reflecting fixed income gains, strongly positive growth asset returns, and favorable exchange. the fixed income mix in our non-u.s. plans at year-end 2015 was 73%, 6 percentage points higher than year-end 2014.
for a detailed discussion of our pension plans, see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements.
leverage. we manage automotive debt levels with a leverage framework to maintain strong, investment grade credit ratings through a normal business cycle. the leverage framework includes a ratio of automotive debt, underfunded pension liabilities, operating leases, and other adjustments, divided by automotive income before income tax, adjusted for depreciation, amortization, automotive interest, and other adjustments. ford credit's leverage is calculated as a separate business as described in the liquidity - financial services section of item 7. ford credit is self-funding and its debt, which is used to fund its operations, is separate from our automotive debt.
liquidity sufficiency. one of the four key priorities of our one ford plan is to finance our plan and maintain a strong balance sheet, while at the same time having resources available to grow our business. based on our planning assumptions, we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to continue to invest in new products and services that customers want and value, transform and grow our business, pay our debts and obligations as and when they come due, pay a sustainable dividend, and provide protection within an uncertain global economic environment.
based on expected cash flows and the identification of additional opportunities for profitable growth, the ongoing amount of capital spending to support product development, growth, restructuring, and infrastructure is expected to increase to about $9 billion annually by 2020. our capital spending was $7.1 billion and $7.4 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and is expected to be about $7.7 billion in 2016.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
financial services sector ford credit funding overview. ford credit's primary funding and liquidity objective is to maintain a strong investment grade balance sheet with adequate liquidity to support its financing activities and growth under a variety of market conditions, including short-term and long-term market disruptions.
ford credit's funding strategy remains focused on diversification, and it plans to continue accessing a variety of markets, channels, and investors.
ford credit's liquidity profile continues to be diverse, robust, and focused on maintaining liquidity levels that meet its business and funding requirements. ford credit regularly stress tests its balance sheet and liquidity to ensure that it continues to meet its financial obligations through economic cycles.
funding sources. ford credit's funding sources include primarily unsecured debt and securitization transactions (including other structured financings). ford credit issues both short-term and long-term debt that is held by both institutional and retail investors, with long-term debt having an original maturity of more than 12 months. ford credit sponsors a number of securitization programs that can be structured to provide both short-term and long-term funding through institutional investors in the united states and international capital markets.
ford credit obtains short-term unsecured funding from the sale of floating rate demand notes under its ford interest advantage program and by issuing unsecured commercial paper in the united states and other international markets. at december 31, 2015, the principal amount outstanding of ford interest advantage notes, which may be redeemed at any time at the option of the holders thereof without restriction, was $5.9 billion. at december 31, 2015, the principal amount outstanding of ford credit's unsecured commercial paper was $1.7 billion, which primarily represents issuance under its commercial paper program in the united states. ford credit maintains multiple sources of readily available liquidity to fund the payment of its unsecured short-term debt obligations.
(a)   includes rule 144a offerings.
in 2015, ford credit completed $30 billion of public term funding in the united states, canada, europe, mexico, china, and australia including $17 billion of unsecured debt and $13 billion of securitizations.
for 2016, ford credit projects full-year public term funding in the range of $26 billion to $33 billion, consisting of $14 billion to $18 billion of unsecured debt and $12 billion to $15 billion of public securitizations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
at year-end 2015, managed receivables were $127 billion, and ford credit ended the year with $11 billion in cash. securitized funding was 39% of managed receivables.
ford credit is projecting 2016 year-end managed receivables of $134 billion to $139 billion and securitized funding as a percent of managed receivables to be between 37% and 40%. ford credit expects this percentage to decline over time; quarterly and annual movements reflect the calendarization of ford credit's funding plan.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity. the following table shows ford credit's liquidity sources and utilization (in billions):
ford revolving credit facility allocation             3.0                         2.0                           -
utilization of liquidity securitization cash (c)                             $(4.3       )               $(2.4       )               $(4.4       )
ford revolving credit facility allocation               -                           -                           -
total utilization of liquidity                      (25.7       )               (18.1       )               (22.8       )
adjustments (d)                                      (0.5       )                (1.6       )                (1.1       )
(a)   cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excludes marketable securities related to insurance activities).
(b)   committed asset-backed security ("abs") facilities are subject to availability of sufficient assets, ability to obtain derivatives to manage interest rate risk, and exclude fce bank plc ("fce") access to the bank of england's discount window facility.
(c)   used only to support on-balance sheet securitization transactions.
(d)   adjustments include other committed abs facilities in excess of eligible receivables and certain cash within fordrev available through future sales of receivables.
at december 31, 2015, ford credit had total liquidity sources of $49.7 billion compared with total liquidity sources of $46.2 billion at december 31, 2014. its liquidity sources of committed capacity and cash are diversified across a variety of markets and platforms. the utilization of its liquidity totaled $25.7 billion at year-end 2015, compared with $18.1 billion at year-end 2014. the increase of $7.6 billion reflects higher securitization cash and usage of its committed abs facilities.
ford credit ended 2015 with gross liquidity of $24 billion. after adjustments totaling $0.5 billion, total liquidity available for use continues to remain strong at $23.5 billion at year-end 2015, $3 billion lower than year-end 2014.
leverage.  ford credit uses leverage, or the debt-to-equity ratio, to make various business decisions, including evaluating and establishing pricing for finance receivable and operating lease financing, and assessing its capital structure. ford credit refers to its shareholder's interest as equity.
the following table shows the calculation of ford credit's financial statement leverage (in billions, except for ratios):
financial statement leverage (to 1)            10.2                         9.2                         9.3
(a)   includes debt issued in securitization transactions and payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the following table shows the calculation of ford credit's managed leverage (in billions, except for ratios):
adjustments for cash (b)                            (11.2       )                (8.9       )               (10.8       )
adjustments for derivative accounting (c)            (0.5       )                (0.4       )                (0.2       )
adjustments for derivative accounting (c)            (0.3       )                (0.4       )                (0.3       )
(a)   includes debt issued in securitization transactions and payable only out of collections on the underlying securitized assets and related enhancements. ford credit holds the right to receive the excess cash flows not needed to pay the debt issued by, and other obligations of, the securitization entities that are parties to those securitization transactions.
(b)   cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excludes marketable securities related to insurance activities).
(c)   primarily related to market valuation adjustments to derivatives due to movements in interest rates. adjustments to debt are related to designated fair value hedges and adjustments to equity are related to retained earnings.
ford credit believes that managed leverage is useful to its investors because it reflects the way ford credit manages its business. ford credit deducts cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities (excluding marketable securities related to insurance activities) because they generally correspond to excess debt beyond the amount required to support its operations and amounts to support on-balance sheet securitization transactions. ford credit makes derivative accounting adjustments to its assets, debt, and equity positions to reflect the impact of interest rate instruments ford credit uses in connection with its term-debt issuances and securitization transactions. the derivative accounting adjustments related to these instruments vary over the term of the underlying debt and securitized funding obligations based on changes in market interest rates. ford credit generally repays its debt obligations as they mature. as a result, ford credit excludes the impact of these derivative accounting adjustments on both the numerator and denominator in order to exclude the interim effects of changes in market interest rates.
ford credit plans its managed leverage by considering prevailing market conditions and the risk characteristics of its business. at december 31, 2015, ford credit's managed leverage was 9.5:1, compared with 8.7:1 at december 31, 2014, reflecting the strength of the u.s. dollar and year-end receivables at the top end of the forecasted range. in 2016, ford credit expects managed leverage to return to the upper-end of the targeted range of 8:1 to 9:1. in 2015, ford credit paid $250 million in distributions to its parent, ford holdings llc.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
total company equity. at december 31, 2015, total equity was $28.7 billion, an increase of $4.2 billion compared with december 31, 2014. the increase primarily reflects favorable changes in retained earnings of $5 billion related to full-year 2015 net income attributable to ford motor company of $7.4 billion, net of cash dividends declared of $2.4 billion; favorable changes in capital in excess of par value of stock related to compensation-related equity issuances of $332 million; offset partially by unfavorable changes in accumulated other comprehensive income/(loss) of about $1 billion (more than explained by unfavorable foreign currency translation adjustments) and an increase in treasury stock of $129 million.
credit ratings. our short-term and long-term debt is rated by four credit rating agencies designated as nationally recognized statistical rating organizations ("nrsros") by the u.s. securities and exchange commission:
•   moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"); and
•   standard &amp; poor's ratings services, a division of mcgraw hill financial ("s&amp;p").
in several markets, locally-recognized rating agencies also rate us. a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the credit risk associated with a corporate entity or particular securities issued by that entity. rating agencies' ratings of us are based on information provided by us and other sources. credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell, or hold securities, and are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. each rating agency may have different criteria for evaluating company risk and, therefore, ratings should be evaluated independently for each rating agency.
the following rating actions were taken by these nrsros since the filing of our quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2015:
•   on november 23, 2015, s&amp;p affirmed its ratings for ford and ford credit, and revised the outlook to positive from stable.
the following chart summarizes certain of the credit ratings and outlook presently assigned by these four nrsros:
nrsro ratings ford                                                                                                   ford credit                                                                        nrsros issuerdefault / corporate / issuer rating       long-term senior unsecured       outlook / trend       long-term senior unsecured        short-termunsecured        outlook / trend       minimum long-term investment grade rating dbrs        bbb (low)                                       bbb (low)                        positive              bbb (low)                         r-3                        positive              bbb (low)
fitch       bbb-                                            bbb-                             positive              bbb-                              f3                         positive              bbb-
s&amp;p *   bbb-                                            bbb-                             positive              bbb-                              a-3                        positive              bbb-
*   s&amp;p assigns fce a long-term senior unsecured credit rating of bbb, a one-notch higher rating than ford and ford credit, with a stable outlook.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
return on invested capital.  we analyze total company performance using a return on invested capital ("roic")financial metric based on an after-tax rolling five-year average basis, which we believe is appropriate given our industry's product and investment cycles. the following table contains the calculation of our five-year average roic for the years shown:
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
2015 planning assumptions and key metrics the following summarizes results against planning assumptions and key metrics established at the beginning of 2015:
2014 full year   2015 full year results   plan                                  results planning assumptions (mils.)
- operating margin                                4.6         %     higher                          6.8        %
- operating-related cash flow (bils.) (b)        $3.6               higher                         $7.3
- pre-tax profit (bils.)                         $1.9               equal to or higher             $2.1
- pre-tax profit (bils.) (b)(c)                  $7.3               $10.0 - $11.0                 $10.8
(b)   excludes special items; reconciliation to gaap for full-year 2014 and 2015 provided in "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources," above.
(c)   the 2015 plan was updated on january 7, 2016 in connection with the change in accounting method for our defined benefit and opeb plans.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
- operating margin (pct.)            10.2           %       9.5% or higher south america                       $(832       )           greater loss than 2015
other automotive                     (796       )           loss of about $800 million ford credit (mils.)                $2,086                   equal to or higher than 2015
2016 planning assumptions and key metrics based on the current economic environment, our planning assumptions and key metrics for 2016 include the following:
2015 full yearresults   2016 full yearplan                    gdp growth outlook planning assumptions (mils.)
- operating margin (pct.)                             6.8           %       equal to or higher than 2015
- operating-related cash flow (bils.) (c)            $7.3                   strong, but lower than 2015
total company pre-tax profit (bils.) (c)            $10.8                   equal to or higher than 2015
operating effective tax rate (pct.) (d)              28.6           %       low 30s operating eps (c)                                   $1.93                   equal to or higher than 2015
(c)   excludes special items; reconciliation to gaap for full-year 2015 provided in "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" above.
we expect continued benchmark profitability in north america in 2016 as we launch important high-volume products, such as escape, fusion, and super duty, and pursue emerging opportunities through ford smart mobility. in south america, we expect losses to be higher in 2016 as industry volumes reduce further and regional currencies weaken. we expect europe's profit to grow in 2016 as we take further actions on costs to improve europe's breakeven volume, help offset increasing regulatory costs, and invest in profitable, growing product segments and mobility services. we expect middle east & africa to deliver results in 2016 that are equal to or higher than 2015 as we continue to implement the growth strategy we developed in 2015. we expect asia pacific's profits to be higher in 2016 and we expect industry growth in china, partially as a result of the purchase tax reduction introduced in 2015. ford credit expects its pre-tax profit in 2016 to be equal to or higher than in 2015.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
we expect our operating effective tax rate to be in the low 30 percent range in 2016. in 2015, legislation was enacted in the fourth quarter that retroactively reinstated the u.s. research credit and other provisions of tax law that had expired.  this late action contributed to our lower fourth quarter operating effective tax rate.  the legislation made the research credit and certain other provisions permanent, which will eliminate the rate variability associated with such retroactive extensions of law.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
risk factors statements included or incorporated by reference herein may constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are based on expectations, forecasts, and assumptions by our management and involve a number of risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those stated, including, without limitation:
•   decline in industry sales volume, particularly in the united states, europe, or china, due to financial crisis, recession, geopolitical events, or other factors;
•   decline in ford's market share or failure to achieve growth;
•   lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of ford's new or existing products or services;
•   market shift away from sales of larger, more profitable vehicles beyond ford's current planning assumption, particularly in the united states;
•   an increase in or continued volatility of fuel prices, or reduced availability of fuel;
•   continued or increased price competition resulting from industry excess capacity, currency fluctuations, or other factors;
•   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, commodity prices, and interest rates;
•   adverse effects resulting from economic, geopolitical, or other events;
•   economic distress of suppliers that may require ford to provide substantial financial support or take other measures to ensure supplies of components or materials and could increase costs, affect liquidity, or cause production constraints or disruptions;
•   work stoppages at ford or supplier facilities or other limitations on production (whether as a result of labor disputes, natural or man-made disasters, tight credit markets or other financial distress, production constraints or difficulties, or other factors);
•   single-source supply of components or materials;
•   labor or other constraints on ford's ability to maintain competitive cost structure;
•   substantial pension and postretirement health care and life insurance liabilities impairing liquidity or financial condition;
•   worse-than-assumed economic and demographic experience for postretirement benefit plans (e.g., discount rates or investment returns);
•   restriction on use of tax attributes from tax law "ownership change;"
•   the discovery of defects in vehicles resulting in delays in new model launches, recall campaigns, or increased warranty costs;
•   unusual or significant litigation, governmental investigations, or adverse publicity arising out of alleged defects in products, perceived environmental impacts, or otherwise;
•   a change in requirements under long-term supply arrangements committing ford to purchase minimum or fixed quantities of certain parts, or to pay a minimum amount to the seller ("take-or-pay" contracts);
•   adverse effects on results from a decrease in or cessation or clawback of government incentives related to investments;
•   inherent limitations of internal controls impacting financial statements and safeguarding of assets;
•   cybersecurity risks to operational systems, security systems, or infrastructure owned by ford, ford credit, or a third-party vendor or supplier;
•   failure of financial institutions to fulfill commitments under committed credit and liquidity facilities;
•   inability of ford credit to access debt, securitization, or derivative markets around the world at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts, due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, regulatory requirements, or other factors;
•   increased competition from banks, financial institutions, or other third parties seeking to increase their share of financing ford vehicles; and
we cannot be certain that any expectation, forecast, or assumption made in preparing forward-looking statements will prove accurate, or that any projection will be realized. it is to be expected that there may be differences between projected and actual results. our forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of their initial issuance, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. for additional discussion, see "item 1a. risk factors" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting estimates we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: 1) the accounting estimate requires us to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate was made, and 2) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period, would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of these critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. in addition, there are other items within our financial statements that require estimation, but are not deemed critical as defined above. changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements.
warranty and field service actions nature of estimates required. we provide warranties on the products we sell. separately, we also periodically perform field service actions related to safety recalls, emission recalls, and other product campaigns. pursuant to these warranties and field service actions, we will repair, replace or adjust all parts on a vehicle that are defective in factory-supplied materials or workmanship.  we accrue the estimated cost of both basic warranty coverages and field service actions at the time of sale.
assumptions and approach used. we establish estimates for warranty and field service action obligations using a patterned estimation model. we use historical information regarding the nature, frequency, and average cost of claims for each vehicle line by model year. we reevaluate our estimate of warranty and field service obligations on a regular basis. experience has shown that initial data for any given model year may be volatile; therefore, our process relies on long-term historical averages until sufficient data are available. as actual experience becomes available, we use the data to modify the historical averages in order to ensure that the estimate is within the range of likely outcomes. we then compare the resulting accruals with present spending rates to ensure that the balances are adequate to meet expected future obligations. based on these data, we revise our estimates as necessary. warranty coverages vary; therefore, our warranty accruals vary depending upon the type of product and the geographic location of its sale for specific periods of time and/or mileage. field service actions are distinguishable from warranties in that they may occur in periods beyond the basic warranty coverage period. our best estimate of the obligation related to field service actions includes expected future payments related to vehicles produced in the most recent eight model years and announced field service actions for vehicles produced before this period.
due to the uncertainty and potential volatility of these factors, changes in our assumptions could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. see note 27 of the notes to the financial statements for information regarding warranty and product recall related costs.
pensions and other postretirement employee benefits nature of estimates required. the estimation of our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations and expenses requires that we make use of estimates of the present value of the projected future payments to all participants, taking into consideration the likelihood of potential future events such as demographic experience and health care cost increases. plan obligations and expenses are based on existing retirement plan provisions. no assumption is made regarding any potential future changes to benefit provisions beyond those to which we are presently committed (e.g., in existing labor contracts).
assumptions and approach used. the assumptions used in developing the required estimates include the following key factors:
•   discount rates. our discount rate assumption is based primarily on the results of a cash flow matching analysis, which matches the future cash outflows for each major plan to a yield curve based on high-quality bonds specific to the country of the plan. benefit payments are discounted at the rates on the curve to determine the year-end obligations.
beginning in 2016, we changed the approach used to estimate the service and interest components of net periodic benefit cost for pension and opeb for plans that utilize a yield curve approach. with this refinement, we will measure service and interest costs by applying the specific spot rates along that yield curve to the relevant projected cash flows for each component. we believe the new approach provides a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. this refinement has no effect on the measurement of our plan obligations or on full year pension and opeb expense as lower service and interest costs recorded quarterly are offset in the fourth quarter remeasurement. we have accounted for this as a change in accounting estimate and accordingly, have accounted for it on a prospective basis.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. our expected long-term rate of return assumption reflects the historical returns and long-run inputs from a range of advisors for capital market returns, inflation, bond yields, and other variables, adjusted for specific aspects of our investment strategy such as asset mix. the assumption is based on consideration of all inputs, with a focus on long-term trends to avoid short-term market influences.
•   salary growth. our salary growth assumption reflects our actual experience, long-term outlook, and assumed inflation.
•   inflation. our inflation assumption is based on an evaluation of external market indicators, including real gross domestic product growth and central bank inflation targets.
•   expected contributions. our expected amount and timing of contributions are based on an assessment of minimum requirements, cash availability, and other considerations (e.g., funded status, avoidance of regulatory premiums and levies, and tax efficiency).
•   retirement rates. retirement rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   mortality rates. mortality rates are developed to reflect actual and projected plan experience.
•   health care cost trends. our health care cost trend assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook, and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
assumptions are set at each year end and are generally not changed during the year unless there is a major plan event such as a significant curtailment or settlement that would trigger a plan remeasurement.
on december 31, 2015, we adopted a change in accounting method for our defined benefit pension and opeb plans retrospectively. see note 1 of the notes to the financial statements for additional information. with this change, the effects of actual results differing from our assumptions and the effects of changing assumptions (remeasurement gain/loss) are recognized within net periodic benefit costs in the period of remeasurement.
see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding pension and opeb costs and assumptions.
pension plans effect of actual results. the year-end 2015 weighted average discount rate was 4.27% for u.s. plans and 3.20% for non-u.s. plans, reflecting increases of 33 and 14 basis points, respectively, compared with year-end 2014. in 2015, the u.s. actual return on assets was (1.8)%, which was lower than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.75%. non-u.s. actual return on assets was 7.7%, which was higher than the expected long-term rate of return of 6.11%. non-u.s. asset returns reflect the impact of a change in valuation technique for ford-werke pension plan assets (see note 12 of the notes to the financial statements for additional information). in total, these differences, in addition to demographic and other updates, resulted in a net loss of $1 billion which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item within the automotive sector.
for 2016, the expected long-term rate of return on assets is 6.75% for u.s. plans unchanged from 2015, and 5.56% for non-u.s. plans, down 55 basis points compared with a year ago, reflecting primarily a higher fixed income allocation.
worldwide pension costs, excluding special items, was income of about $300 million in 2015, about $500 million better than 2014, driven primarily by lower interest costs and strong asset returns at year-end 2014. based on year-end assumptions, we expect 2016 pension expense to be similar to 2015.
de-risking strategy. in 2012, we adopted a broad global de-risking strategy which increases the matching characteristics of our assets relative to our obligation as funded status improves. changes in interest rates (which directly influence changes in discount rates), in addition to other factors, have a significant impact on the value of our pension obligation and fixed income asset portfolio. as we de-risk our plans and increase the allocation to fixed income investments over time, we expect the funded status sensitivity to changes in interest rates will be significantly reduced. changes in interest rates should result in offsetting effects in the value of our pension obligation and the value of the fixed income asset portfolio.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
sensitivity analysis. the december 31, 2015 pension funded status and 2016 expense are affected by year-end 2015 assumptions. sensitivities to these assumptions may be asymmetric and are specific to the time periods noted. the effects of changes in the factors which generally have the largest impact on year-end funded status and pension expense are discussed below.
discount rates and interest rates have the largest impact on our net funded status. the table below estimates the impact as of december 31, 2015 on our funded status of an increase/decrease in discount rates and interest rates (in millions):
basis          increase/(decrease) in point          december 31, 2015 funded status factor                                change         u.s. plans                     non-u.s. plans discount rate - obligation            +/- 100 bps.   $4,500/$(5,500)                $4,000/$(5,100)
net impact on funded status                          $300/$(300)                    $1,400/$(1,900)
the fixed income asset sensitivity shown excludes other fixed income return components (e.g., bond coupon and active management excess returns), and growth asset returns. other factors that impact net funded status (e.g., contributions) are not reflected.
discount rates and the expected long-term rate of return on assets have the largest impact on pension expense. these assumptions are generally set at each year end for expense recorded throughout the following year. the table below estimates the impact on 2016 pension expense of a higher/lower assumption for these factors (in millions):
basis                        increase/(decrease) in point                                  2016 expense factor                                           change        u.s. plans             non-u.s. plans discount rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25 bps.    $30/$(30)                    $5/$(5)
expected long-term rate of return on assets      +/- 25         (100)/100                    (60)/60
the impact of changing multiple factors simultaneously cannot be calculated by combining the individual sensitivities. the sensitivity of pension expense to an increase in discount rates assumptions may not be linear.
other postretirement employee benefits effect of actual results. the weighted average discount rate used to determine the benefit obligation for u.s. opeb plans at december 31, 2015 was 4.22%, compared with 3.86% at december 31, 2014, resulting in a worldwide gain of about $300 million which has been recognized within net periodic benefit cost and reported as a special item within the automotive sector.
sensitivity analysis. discount rates have the largest impact on our opeb obligation and expense. the table below estimates the impact on 2016 pension expense of higher/lower assumptions for these factors (in millions):
worldwide opeb basis          (increase)/decrease 2015 ye obligation          increase/(decrease) 2016 expense point factor                                           change discount rate - obligation                       +/- 100 bps.   $600/$(700)                                     n/a discount rate - service cost and interest cost   +/- 25         n/a                                             $5/$(5)
income taxes nature of estimates required. we must make estimates and apply judgment in determining the provision for income taxes for financial reporting purposes. we make these estimates and judgments primarily in the following areas: (i) the calculation of tax credits, (ii) the calculation of differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes that will ultimately be reported in tax returns, as well as (iii) the calculation of interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. changes in these estimates and judgments may result in a material increase or decrease to our tax provision, which would be recorded in the period in which the change occurs.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
assumptions and approach used. we are subject to the income tax laws and regulations of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws and regulations are complex and involve uncertainties in the application to our facts and circumstances that may be open to interpretation. we recognize benefits for these uncertain tax positions based upon a process that requires judgment regarding the technical application of the laws, regulations, and various related judicial opinions. if, in our judgment, it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax position will be settled favorably to us, we estimate an amount that ultimately will be realized. this process is inherently subjective, since it requires our assessment of the probability of future outcomes. we evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis, including consideration of changes in facts and circumstances, such as new regulations or recent judicial opinions, as well as the status of audit activities by taxing authorities. changes to our estimate of the amount to be realized are recorded in our provision for income taxes during the period in which the change occurred.
we must also assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets against future sources of taxable income. gaap requires a reduction of the carrying amount of deferred tax assets by recording a valuation allowance if, based on all available evidence, it is more likely than not (defined as a likelihood of more than 50%) that all or a portion of such assets will not be realized.
we presently believe that a valuation allowance of $1.8 billion is required, primarily for deferred tax assets related to our south america operations. we believe that we ultimately will recover the remaining $11 billion of deferred tax assets. we have assessed recoverability of these assets, and concluded that no valuation allowance is required.
for additional information regarding income taxes, see note 21 of the notes to the financial statements.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents ford credit's estimate of the probable credit loss inherent in finance receivables and operating leases as of the balance sheet date. the adequacy of ford credit's allowance for credit losses is assessed quarterly and the assumptions and models used in establishing the allowance are evaluated regularly. because credit losses can vary substantially over time, estimating credit losses requires a number of assumptions about matters that are uncertain. see note 7 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding allowance for credit losses.
nature of estimates required. ford credit estimates the probable credit losses inherent in finance receivables and operating leases based on several factors.
consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses on consumer receivables and on operating leases using a combination of measurement models and management judgment. the models consider factors such as historical trends in credit losses and recoveries (including key metrics such as delinquencies, repossessions, and bankruptcies), the composition of ford credit's present portfolio (including vehicle brand, term, risk evaluation, and new/used vehicles), trends in historical used vehicle values, and economic conditions. estimates from these models rely on historical information and may not fully reflect losses inherent in the present portfolio. therefore, ford credit may adjust the estimate to reflect management judgment regarding observable changes in recent economic trends and conditions, portfolio composition, and other relevant factors.
•   frequency. the number of finance receivables and operating lease contracts that are expected to default over the loss emergence period, measured as repossessions; and
•   loss severity. the expected difference between the amount a customer owes when the finance contract is charged off and the amount received, net of expenses, from selling the repossessed vehicle, including any recoveries from the customer.
collective allowance for credit losses. the collective allowance is evaluated primarily using a collective loss-to- receivables ("ltr") model that, based on historical experience, indicates credit losses have been incurred in the portfolio even though the particular accounts that are uncollectible cannot be specifically identified. the ltr model is based on the most recent years of history. each ltr is calculated by dividing credit losses by average finance receivables or average operating leases, excluding unearned interest supplements and allowance for credit losses. an average ltr is calculated for each product and multiplied by the end-of-period balances for that given product.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
ford credit's largest markets also use a loss projection model to estimate losses inherent in the portfolio. the loss projection model applies recent monthly performance metrics, stratified by contract type (retail or lease), contract term (e.g., 60-month), and risk rating to ford credit's active portfolio to estimate the losses that have been incurred.
the loss emergence period ("lep") is a key assumption within ford credit's models and represents the average amount of time between when a loss event first occurs to when it is charged off. this time period starts when the consumer begins to experience financial difficulty. it is evidenced, typically through delinquency, before eventually resulting in a charge-off. the lep is a multiplier in the calculation of the collective consumer allowance for credit losses.
for accounts greater than 120 days past due, the uncollectible portion is charged off, such that the remaining recorded investment is equal to the estimated fair value of the collateral less costs to sell.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. consumer receivables involved in troubled debt restructurings are specifically assessed for impairment. a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the contracts original effective interest rate or the fair value of any collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
sensitivity analysis. changes in the assumptions used to derive frequency and severity would affect the allowance for credit losses. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln brand retail financing and operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions, except for percentages):
assumption                percentagepoint change   december 31, 2015allowance forcredit losses            2016expense repossession ratios (a)   +/- 0.1 pt.              $37/$(37)                                                $37/$(37)
(a)   reflects the number of finance receivables and operating lease contracts that ford credit expects will default over a period of time relative to the average number of contracts outstanding.
non-consumer portfolio. ford credit estimates the allowance for credit losses for non-consumer receivables based on historical ltr ratios, expected future cash flows, and the fair value of collateral.
collective allowance for credit losses. ford credit estimates an allowance for non-consumer receivables that are not specifically identified as impaired using a ltr model for each financing product based on historical experience. this ltr is an average of the most recent historical experience and is calculated consistent with the consumer receivables ltr approach. all accounts that are specifically identified as impaired are excluded from the calculation of the non-specific or collective allowance.
specific allowance for impaired receivables. dealer financing is evaluated by segmenting individual loans by the risk characteristics of the loan (such as the amount of the loan, the nature of the collateral, and the financial status of the debtor). the loans are analyzed to determine whether individual loans are impaired, and a specific allowance is estimated based on the present value of the expected future cash flows of the receivable discounted at the loan's original effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral adjusted for estimated costs to sell.
after establishing the collective and specific allowance for credit losses, if ford credit management believes the allowance does not reflect all losses inherent in the portfolio due to changes in recent economic trends and conditions, or other relevant factors, an adjustment is made based on management judgment.
changes in ford credit's assumptions affect the provision for credit losses and insurance losses on our income statement and the allowance for credit losses contained within finance receivables, net and net investment in operating leases on our balance sheet, in each case under the financial services sector.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases reduces the value of the leased vehicles in ford credit's operating lease portfolio from their original acquisition value to their expected residual value at the end of the lease term.
ford credit monitors residual values each month, and it reviews the adequacy of accumulated depreciation on a quarterly basis. if ford credit believes that the expected residual values for its vehicles have changed, it revises depreciation to ensure that net investment in operating leases (equal to the acquisition value of the vehicles less accumulated depreciation) will be adjusted to reflect ford credit's revised estimate of the expected residual value at the end of the lease term. such adjustments to depreciation expense would result in a change in the depreciation rates of the vehicles subject to operating leases and are recorded prospectively on a straight-line basis.
each lease customer has the option to buy the leased vehicle at the end of the lease or to return the vehicle to the dealer.
nature of estimates required.  each operating lease in ford credit's portfolio represents a vehicle it owns that has been leased to a customer. at the time ford credit purchases a lease, it establishes an expected residual value for the vehicle. ford credit estimates the expected residual value by evaluating recent auction values, return volumes for its leased vehicles, industrywide used vehicle prices, marketing incentive plans, and vehicle quality data.
assumptions used. ford credit's accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases is based on assumptions regarding:
•   auction value. ford credit's projection of the market value of the vehicles when sold at the end of the lease; and
•   return volume. ford credit's projection of the number of vehicles that will be returned at lease-end.
see note 6 of the notes to the financial statements for more information regarding accumulated depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases.
sensitivity analysis. for returned vehicles, ford credit faces a risk that the amount it obtains from the vehicle sold at auction will be less than its estimate of the expected residual value for the vehicle. the effect of the indicated increase/decrease in the assumptions for ford credit's u.s. ford and lincoln brand operating lease portfolio is as follows (in millions, except for percentages):
assumption              percentagechange   december 31, 2015accumulateddepreciation onvehicles subject tooperating leases            2016expense future auction values   +/- 1.0            $(101)/$101                                                                               $(35)/$35
the impact of the increased accumulated supplemental depreciation in 2015 would be charged to expense in the
2016 - 2019 periods. adjustments to the amount of accumulated depreciation on operating leases would be reflected on our balance sheet as net investment in operating leases and on the income statement in depreciation on vehicles subject to operating leases, in each case under the financial services sector.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
accounting standards issued but not yet adopted the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") has issued the following standards, which are not expected to have a material impact (with the exception of standard 2014-09) to our financial statements or financial statement disclosures.
2015-16   business combinations - simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments                                                                                        january 1, 2016
2015-05   internal-use software - customer's accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement                                                                                 january 1, 2016
2015-01   extraordinary and unusual items - simplifying income statement presentation by eliminating the concept of extraordinary items                                                january 1, 2016
2014-16   derivatives and hedging - determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity             january 1, 2016
2014-13   consolidation - measuring the financial assets and the financial liabilities of a consolidated collateralized financing entity                                               january 1, 2016
2014-12   stock compensation - accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period   january 1, 2016
2014-15   going concern - disclosure of uncertainties about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern                                                                         december 31, 2016
2015-17   income taxes - balance sheet classification of deferred taxes                                                                                                                january 1, 2017
2016-01   financial instruments - recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities                                                                            january 1, 2018
2014-09   revenue - revenue from contracts with customers                                                                                                                              january 1, 2018 (b)
(a)early adoption for each of the standards, except standard 2016-01, is permitted.
(b)for additional information see note 3 of the notes to the financial statements.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
aggregate contractual obligations we are party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. most of these are debt obligations incurred by our financial services sector. long-term debt may have fixed or variable interest rates. for long-term debt with variable-rate interest, we estimate the future interest payments based on projected market interest rates for various floating-rate benchmarks received from third parties. in addition, as part of our normal business practices, we enter into contracts with suppliers for purchases of certain raw materials, components, and services to facilitate adequate supply of these materials and services. these arrangements may contain fixed or minimum quantity purchase requirements. "purchase obligations" are defined as off-balance sheet agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company and that specify all significant terms.
the table below summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
capital leases (b)                                    19                  89                    14                           8                        130
off-balance sheet purchase obligations                               1,656               1,527                   654                         613                      4,450
operating leases                                     267                 367                   174                          73                        881
financial services sector on-balance sheet long-term debt (a)                                29,096              45,538                20,423                      12,622                    107,679
off-balance sheet purchase obligations                                  17                  35                     1                           -                         53
operating leases                                       8                   9                     4                           7                         28
total financial services sector                   31,537              48,782                22,201                      13,876                    116,396
(a) excludes unamortized debt discounts/premiums, debt issuance costs, and fair value adjustments.
(b)   includes interest payments of $6 million.
(c)   amounts represent our estimate of contractually obligated deficit contributions to u.k. plans. see note 12 for further information regarding our expected 2016 pension contributions and funded status.
the amount of unrecognized tax benefits for 2015 of $1.6 billion (see note 21 of the notes to the financial statements for additional discussion) is excluded from the table above. final settlement of a significant portion of these obligations will require bilateral tax agreements among us and various countries, the timing of which cannot reasonably be estimated.
for additional information regarding operating lease obligations, pension and opeb obligations, and long-term debt, see notes 6, 12, and 13, respectively, of the notes to the financial statements.