item 1a.  risk factors we operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict.  our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock or debt.  the following discussion of "risk factors" identifies the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance.  this information should be read in conjunction with md&a and the consolidated financial statements and related notes incorporated by reference into this report.  the following discussion of risks is not all inclusive but is designed to highlight what we believe are important factors to consider, as these factors could cause our future results to differ from those in the forward-looking statements and from historical trends.
as a global company, we face many risks which could adversely impact our ongoing operations and reported financial results we are a global company and derive a substantial portion of our revenues from, and have significant operations, outside of the united states.  our international operations include manufacturing, assembly, sales, research and development, customer support, and shared administrative service centers.
compliance with laws and regulations increases our costs.  these laws and regulations include u.s. laws and local laws which include data privacy requirements, employment and labor laws, tax laws, anti-competition regulations, prohibitions on payments to governmental officials, import and trade restrictions and export requirements.  non-compliance or violations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business.  such violations could result in prohibitions on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries and could also materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business and our operating results.  our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and manage these risks.
we are also subject to a variety of other risks in managing a global organization, including those related to:
·   general economic conditions in each country or region;
·   many complex regulatory requirements affecting international trade and investment, including anti-dumping laws, export controls, the foreign corrupt practices act and local laws prohibiting improper payments. our operations may be adversely affected by changes in the substance or enforcement of these regulatory requirements, and by actual or alleged violations of them;
·   fluctuations in currency exchange rates, convertibility of currencies and restrictions involving the movement of funds between jurisdictions and countries;
·   sovereign and political risks that may adversely affect corning's profitability and assets;
·   geographical concentration of our factories and operations and regional shifts in our customer base;
·   periodic health epidemic concerns;
·   political unrest, confiscation or expropriation of our assets by foreign governments, terrorism and the potential for other hostilities;
·   difficulty in protecting intellectual property, sensitive commercial and operations data, and information technology systems generally;
·   differing legal systems, including protection and treatment of intellectual property and patents;
·   complex or unclear tax regimes;
·   complex tariffs, trade duties and other trade barriers including anti-dumping duties;
our sales could be negatively impacted by the actions of one or more key customers, or the circumstances to which they are subject, leading to the substantial reduction in orders for our products in 2015, corning's ten largest customers accounted for 45% of our sales.
a relatively small number of customers accounted for a high percentage of net sales in our reportable segments.  for 2015, three customers of the display technologies segment accounted for 62% of total segment net sales when combined.  in the optical communications segment in 2015, two customers accounted for 22% of total segment net sales when combined.  in the environmental technologies segment in 2015, three customers accounted for 86% of total segment sales in aggregate.  in the specialty materials segment, three customers accounted for 56% of total segment sales in 2015 when combined.  in the life sciences segment, two customers accounted for 46% of total segment sales in 2015 in aggregate.  as a result of mergers and consolidations between customers, corning's customer base could become more concentrated.
our optical communications segment customers' purchases of our products are affected by their capital expansion plans, general market and economic uncertainty and regulatory changes, including broadband policy.  sales in the optical communications segment are expected to be impacted by the pace of fiber-to-the-premises deployments and data center expansions.  our sales will be dependent on planned targets for homes passed and connected and construction of new and/or expansion of existing data centers.  changes in our customers' deployment plans could adversely affect future sales.
in the environmental technologies segment, sales of our ceramic substrate and filter products for automotive and diesel emissions tend to fluctuate with vehicle production.  changes in laws and regulations for air quality and emission controls may also influence future sales.  sales in our environmental technologies segment are mainly to three catalyzers and emission system control manufacturers.  our customers sell these systems to automobile and diesel engine original equipment manufacturers.  sales in this segment may be affected by adverse developments in the global vehicle or freight hauling industries or by such factors as higher fuel prices that may affect vehicle sales or downturns in freight traffic.
certain sales in our specialty materials segment track worldwide economic cycles and our customers' responses to those cycles.  in addition, any positive trends in prior years in the sales of strengthened glass may not continue.  we may experience losses relating to our inability to supply contracted quantities of this glass and processes planned to produce new versions of this glass may not be successful.
sales in our life sciences segment are concentrated with two large distributors who are also competitors, and the balance is to a variety of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, hospitals, universities, and other research facilities.  changes in our distribution arrangements in this segment may adversely affect this segment's financial results.
our operations and financial performance could be negatively impacted, if the markets for our products do not develop and expand as we anticipate the markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving industry or regulatory standards and new product introductions.  our success is dependent on the successful introduction of new products, or upgrades of current products, and our ability to compete with new technologies.  the following factors related to our products and markets, if they do not continue as in the recent past, could have an adverse impact on our operations:
·   our ability to introduce advantaged products such as glass substrates for liquid crystal displays, optical fiber and cable and hardware and equipment, and environmental substrate and filter products at competitive prices;
·   our ability to manufacture glass substrates and strengthened glass, to satisfy our customers' technical requirements and our contractual obligations; and
·   our ability to develop new products in response to government regulations and laws.
corning index we face pricing pressures in each of our businesses that could adversely affect our financial performance we face pricing pressure in each of our businesses as a result of intense competition, emerging technologies, or over-capacity.  we may not be able to achieve proportionate reductions in costs or sustain our current rate of cost reduction to offset pricing pressures.  we anticipate pricing pressures will continue in the future in all our businesses.
any of these items could cause our sales, profitability and cash flows to be significantly reduced.
we face risks due to foreign currency fluctuations because we have significant customers and operations outside the u.s., fluctuations in foreign currencies, especially the japanese yen, new taiwan dollar, south korean won, and euro, will significantly impact our sales, profit and cash flows.  foreign exchange rates may make our products less competitive in countries where local currencies decline in value relative to the u.s. dollar and japanese yen.  sales in our display technologies segment, representing 34% of corning's sales in 2015, are denominated in japanese yen.  corning hedges significant translation, transaction and balance sheet currency exposures and uses a variety of derivative instruments to reduce the impact of foreign currency fluctuations associated with certain monetary assets and liabilities as well as operating results including our net profits.
a large portion of our sales, profit and cash flows are transacted in non-u.s. dollar currencies and we expect that we will continue to realize gains or losses with respect to these exposures, net of gains or losses from our hedging programs.  for example, we will experience foreign currency gains and losses in certain instances if it is not possible or cost effective to hedge our foreign currency exposures or should we elect not to hedge certain foreign currency exposures.  alternatively, we may experience gains or losses if the underlying exposure which we have hedged change (increases or decreases) and we are unable to reverse, unwind, or terminate the hedges concurrent with the change in the underlying notional exposure.  the objective of our hedging activities is to mitigate the risk associated with foreign currency exposures.  we are also exposed to potential losses in the event of non-performance by our counterparties to these derivative contracts.  neither we nor our counterparties are required to post collateral for these financial instruments.  our ultimate realized loss or gain with respect to currency fluctuations will generally depend on the size and type of cross-currency exposures that we enter into, the currency exchange rates associated with these exposures and changes in those rates, whether we have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to offset these exposures and other factors.  all of these factors could materially impact our results of operations, anticipated future results, financial position and cash flows, the timing of which is variable and generally outside of our control.
if the financial condition of our customers declines, our credit risks could increase we have experienced, and in the future may experience, losses as a result of our inability to collect our accounts receivable.  if our customers or our indirect customers fail to meet their payment obligations for our products, we could experience reduced cash flows and losses in excess of amounts reserved.  many customers of our display technologies and specialty materials segments are thinly capitalized and/or unprofitable.  in our optical communications segment, certain large infrastructure projects are subject to governmental funding, which, if terminated, could adversely impact the financial strength of our customers.  these factors may result in an inability to collect receivables or a possible loss in business.
the success of our business depends on our ability to develop and produce advantaged products that meet our customers' needs our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products.  to achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our customers, original equipment manufacturers and distributors.  this is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to manage and maintain key customer relationships, our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers.  the manufacturing of our products involves complex and precise processes.  in some cases, existing manufacturing may be insufficient to achieve the requirements of our customers.  we will need to develop new manufacturing processes and techniques to maintain profitable operations.  while we continue to fund projects to improve our manufacturing techniques and processes and lower our costs, we may not achieve satisfactory manufacturing costs that will fully enable us to meet our profitability targets.
corning index in addition, our continued success in selling products that appeal to our customers is dependent on our ability to innovate, with respect to both products and operations, and on the availability and effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations.  failure to continue to deliver quality and competitive products to the marketplace, to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, to supply products that meet applicable regulatory requirements or to predict market demands for, or gain market acceptance of, our products, could have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our future financial performance depends on our ability to purchase a sufficient amount of materials, precious metals, parts, and manufacturing equipment to meet the demands of our customers our ability to meet customer demand depends, in part, on our ability to obtain timely and adequate delivery of materials, precious metals, parts and components from our suppliers.  we may experience shortages that could adversely affect our operations.  there can be no assurances that we will not encounter problems in the future.  furthermore, certain manufacturing equipment, raw materials or components are available only from a single source or limited sources.  we may not be able to find alternate sources in a timely manner.  a reduction, interruption or delay of supply, or a significant increase in the price for supplies, such as manufacturing equipment, precious metals, raw materials or energy, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses.
if our products, including materials purchased from our suppliers, experience performance issues, our business will suffer our business depends on the production of products of consistently high quality.  our products, components and materials purchased from our suppliers, are typically tested for quality.  these testing procedures are limited to evaluating our products under likely and foreseeable failure scenarios.  for various reasons, our products, including materials purchased from our suppliers, may fail to perform as a customer expected.  in some cases, product redesigns or additional expense may be required to address such issues.  a significant or systemic quality issue could result in customer relations problems, lost sales, reduced volumes, product recalls and financial damages and penalties.
we have incurred, and may in the future incur, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges at december 31, 2015, corning had goodwill and other intangible assets of $2,086 million.  in the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded a charge of $29 million for the impairment of goodwill resulting from a small acquisition in 2014.  while we believe the estimates and judgments about future cash flows used in the goodwill impairment tests are reasonable, we cannot provide assurance that additional impairment charges in the future will not be required if the expected cash flow estimates as projected by management do not occur, especially if an economic recession occurs and continues for a lengthy period or becomes severe, or if acquisitions and investments made by the company fail to achieve expected returns.
we operate in a highly competitive environment we operate in a highly competitive environment, and our outlook depends on the company's share of industry sales based on our ability to compete with others in the marketplace.  the company competes on the basis of product attributes, customer service, quality and price.  there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with other companies' products.  our share of industry sales could be reduced due to aggressive pricing or product strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing difficulties, product performance failures, our failure to price our products competitively, our failure to produce our products at a competitive cost or unexpected, emerging technologies or products.  we expect that we will face continuous competition from existing competitors, low cost manufacturers and new entrants.  we believe we must invest in research and development, engineering, manufacturing and marketing capabilities, and continue to improve customer service in order to remain competitive.  we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve our competitive position.
we may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully we face intense competition in all of our businesses, particularly lcd glass, and general economic and business conditions can put pressure on us to change our prices.  if our competitors offer significant discounts on certain products or develop products that the marketplace considers more valuable, we may need to lower prices or offer other favorable terms in order to retain our customers and market positions.  any such changes may reduce our profitability and cash flow.  any broad-based change to our prices and pricing policies could cause our revenues to decline or be delayed as we implement and our customers adjust to the new pricing policies.  if we do not adapt our pricing models to reflect changes in customer use of our products or changes in customer demand, our revenues could decrease.
corning index lcd glass generates a significant amount of the company's profits and cash flow, and any events that adversely affect the market for lcd glass substrates could have a material and negative impact on our financial results corning's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the level of profitability of our lcd glass business.  as a result, any event that adversely affects our display business could have a significant impact on our consolidated financial results.  these events could include loss of patent protection, increased costs associated with manufacturing, and increased competition from the introduction of new, and more desirable products.  if any of these events had a material adverse effect on the sales of our lcd glass, such an event could result in material charges and a significant reduction in profitability.
additionally, emerging material technologies could replace our glass substrates for certain applications, including display glass, cover glass and others, resulting in a decline in demand for our products.  existing or new production capacity for glass substrates may exceed the demand for them.  technologies for displays, cover glass and other applications in competition with our glass may reduce or eliminate the need for our glass substrates.  new process technologies developed by our competitors may also place us at a cost or quality disadvantage.  our own process technologies may be acquired or used unlawfully by others, enabling them to compete with us.  our inability to manufacture glass substrates to the specifications required by our customers may result in loss of revenue, margins and profits or liabilities for failure to supply.  a scarcity of resources, limitations on technology, personnel or other factors resulting in a failure to produce commercial quantities of glass substrates could have adverse financial consequences to us.
changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may have an adverse effect on our results of operations our effective tax rate could be adversely impacted by several factors, including:
·   changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates;
·   changes in tax treaties and regulations or the interpretation of them;
·   changes to our assessment about the realizability of our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic environments in which we do business;
·   the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations, or administrative appeals;
·   changes in generally accepted accounting principles that affect the accounting for taxes; and
·   limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions.
we may have additional tax liabilities we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and many foreign jurisdictions and are commonly audited by various tax authorities.  in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.  significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes.  although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals.  the results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our financial statements in the period or periods for which that determination is made.
a significant amount of our net profits and cash flows are generated from outside the u.s., and certain repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the company.  in addition, there have been proposals to change u.s. tax laws that could significantly impact how u.s. global corporations are taxed on foreign earnings.  although we cannot predict whether or in what form proposed legislation may pass, if enacted certain anti-deferral proposals could have a material adverse impact on our tax expense and cash flow.
our business depends on our ability to attract and retain talented employees the loss of the services of any member of our senior management team or key research and development or engineering personnel without adequate replacement, or the inability to attract new qualified personnel, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial performance.
corning index we are subject to strict environmental regulations and regulatory changes that could result in fines or restrictions that interrupt our operations some of our manufacturing processes generate chemical waste, waste water, other industrial waste or greenhouse gases, and we are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of such substances.  we have installed anti-pollution equipment for the treatment of chemical waste and waste water at our facilities.  we have taken steps to control the amount of greenhouse gases created by our manufacturing operations.  however, we cannot provide assurance that environmental claims will not be brought against us or that government regulators will not take steps toward adopting more stringent environmental standards.
any failure on our part to comply with any present or future environmental regulations could result in the assessment of damages or imposition of fines against us, or the suspension/cessation of production or operations.  in addition, environmental regulations could require us to acquire costly equipment, incur other significant compliance expenses or limit or restrict production or operations and thus materially and negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
changes in regulations and the regulatory environment in the u.s. and other countries, such as those resulting from the regulation and impact of global warming and co2 abatement, may affect our businesses and their results in adverse ways by, among other things, substantially increasing manufacturing costs, limiting availability of scarce resources, especially energy, or requiring limitations on production and sale of our products or those of our customers.
we may experience difficulties in enforcing our intellectual property rights, which could result in loss of market share, and we may be subject to claims of infringement of the intellectual property rights of others we rely on patent and trade secret laws, copyright, trademark, confidentiality procedures, controls and contractual commitments to protect our intellectual property rights.  despite our efforts, these protections may be limited and we may encounter difficulties in protecting our intellectual property rights or obtaining rights to additional intellectual property necessary to permit us to continue or expand our businesses.  we cannot provide assurance that the patents that we hold or may obtain will provide meaningful protection against our competitors.  changes in or enforcement of laws concerning intellectual property, worldwide, may affect our ability to prevent or address the misappropriation of, or the unauthorized use of, our intellectual property, potentially resulting in loss of market share.  litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights.  litigation is inherently uncertain and outcomes are often unpredictable.  if we cannot protect our intellectual property rights against unauthorized copying or use, or other misappropriation, we may not remain competitive.
the intellectual property rights of others could inhibit our ability to introduce new products.  other companies hold patents on technologies used in our industries and are aggressively seeking to expand, enforce and license their patent portfolios.  we periodically receive notices from, or have lawsuits filed against us by third parties claiming infringement, misappropriation or other misuse of their intellectual property rights and/or breach of our agreements with them.  these third parties often include entities that do not have the capabilities to design, manufacture, or distribute products or that acquire intellectual property like patents for the sole purpose of monetizing their acquired intellectual property through asserting claims of infringement and misuse.  such claims of infringement or misappropriation may result in loss of revenue, substantial costs, or lead to monetary damages or injunctive relief against us.
current or future litigation or regulatory investigations may harm our financial condition or results of operations as described in legal proceedings in this form 10-k, we are engaged in litigation and regulatory matters.  litigation and regulatory proceedings may be uncertain, and adverse rulings could occur, resulting in significant liabilities, penalties or damages.  such current or future substantial legal liabilities or regulatory actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.
we may not capture significant revenues from our current research and development efforts for several years, if at all developing our products through research and development is expensive and the investment often involves a long return on investment cycle.  we have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in research and development and related product opportunities.  accelerated product introductions and short product life cycles require high levels of expenditures for research and development that could adversely affect our operating results if not offset by increases in our gross margin.  we believe that we must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our research and development efforts to maintain our competitive position.
corning index business disruptions could affect our operating results a significant portion of our manufacturing, research and development activities and certain other critical business operations are concentrated in a few geographic areas.  a major earthquake, fire or other catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical facilities could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations and, as a result, our future financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, a significant amount of the specialized manufacturing capacity for our display technologies segment is concentrated in three overseas countries and it is reasonably possible that the operations of one or more such facilities could be disrupted.  due to the specialized nature of the assets and the customers' locations, it may not be possible to find replacement capacity quickly or substitute production from facilities in other countries.  accordingly, loss of these facilities could produce a near-term severe impact on our display business and the company as a whole.
we face risks through equity affiliates that we do not control corning's net income includes equity earnings from affiliated companies.  for the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized $299 million of equity earnings, of which approximately 94% came from dow corning (which makes silicone and high purity polycrystalline products).
on december 11, 2015, corning announced its intention to exchange its 50% equity interest in dow corning for 100% of the stock of a newly formed entity that will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of corning incorporated.  the newly formed entity will hold approximately 40% ownership in hemlock semiconductor group and approximately $4.8 billion in cash.  upon completion of this strategic realignment, which is expected to close during the first half of 2016, dow chemical, an equal owner of dow corning with corning since 1943, will assume 100% ownership of dow corning.
going forward, we face the risk that our other equity investments may not perform at the levels expected.  in addition, we rely on the internal controls and financial reporting controls of these entities and their failure to maintain effectiveness or comply with applicable standards or regulations may adversely affect us.
we may not have adequate insurance coverage for claims against us we face the risk of loss resulting from product liability, asbestos, securities, fiduciary liability, intellectual property, antitrust, contractual, warranty, environmental, fraud and other lawsuits, whether or not such claims are valid.  in addition, our product liability, fiduciary, directors and officers, property policies including business interruption, natural catastrophe and comprehensive general liability insurance may not be adequate to cover such claims or may not be available to the extent we expect in the future.  a successful claim that exceeds or is not covered by our policies could require us to make substantial unplanned payments.  some of the carriers in our historical primary and excess insurance programs are in liquidation and may not be able to respond if we should have claims reaching their policies.  the financial health of other insurers may deteriorate.  several of our insurance carriers are litigating with us the extent, if any, of their obligation to provide insurance coverage for asbestos liabilities asserted against us.  the results of that litigation may adversely affect our insurance coverage for those risks.  in addition, we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for certain types of risk such as political risks, terrorism or war.
our global operations are subject to extensive trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of import- and export-related laws and regulations, including u.s. regulations issued by customs and border protection, the bureau of industry and security, the office of antiboycott compliance, the directorate of defense trade controls and the office of foreign assets control, as well as the counterparts of these agencies in other countries.  any alleged or actual violations may subject us to government scrutiny, investigation and civil and criminal penalties, and may limit our ability to import or export our products or to provide services outside the united states.  we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
in addition, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar foreign anti-corruption laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments or providing anything of value to improperly influence foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business, or obtaining an unfair advantage.  recent years have seen a substantial increase in the global enforcement of anti-corruption laws.  our continued operation and expansion outside the united states, including in developing countries, could increase the risk of alleged violations.  violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition.
corning index moreover, several of our related partners are domiciled in areas of the world with laws, rules and business practices that differ from those in the united states, and we face the reputational and legal risk that our related partners may violate applicable laws, rules and business practices.
acquisitions, equity investments and strategic alliances may have an adverse effect on our business we expect to continue making acquisitions and entering into equity investments and strategic alliances as part of our business strategy.  these transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that a transaction may not advance our business strategy, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, or that we experience difficulty integrating new employees, business systems, and technology, or diversion of management's attention from our other businesses.  it may take longer than expected to realize the full benefits, such as increased revenue and cash flow, enhanced efficiencies, or market share, or those benefits may ultimately be smaller than anticipated, or may not be realized.  these events could harm our operating results or financial condition.
improper disclosure of personal data could result in liability and harm our reputation we store and process personally-identifiable information of our employees and, in some case, our customers.  at the same time, the continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of the increasingly hostile information security environment.  this environment demands that we continuously improve our design and coordination of security controls across our business groups and geographies.  despite these efforts, it is possible our security controls over personal data, our training of employees and vendors on data security, and other practices we follow may not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information.  improper disclosure of this information could harm our reputation or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue.
significant macroeconomic events, changes in regulations, or a crisis in the financial markets could limit our access to capital we utilize credit in both the capital markets and from banks to facilitate company borrowings, hedging transactions, leases and other financial transactions.  we maintain a $2 billion revolving credit agreement to fund potential liquidity needs and to backstop certain transactions.  an adverse macroeconomic event or changes in bank regulations could limit our ability to gain access to credit or to renew the revolving credit agreement upon expiration.  additionally, a financial markets crisis may limit our ability to access liquidity.
adverse economic conditions may adversely affect our cash investments we maintain an investment portfolio of various types of securities with varying maturities and credit quality.  these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by unusual events that have affected global financial markets.  we also make significant investments in u.s. government securities, either directly, or through investment in money market funds.  if global credit and equity markets experience prolonged periods of decline, or if the u.s. defaults on its debt obligations or its debt is downgraded, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could determine that more of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely impact our financial results.
information technology dependency and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, liability claims, or competitive harm the company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated information technology and infrastructure.  any significant breakdown, intrusion, interruption or corruption of these systems or data breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business.  like other global companies, we have, from time to time, experienced incidents related to our information technology ("it") systems, and expect that such incidents will continue, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, systems failures and disruptions.  we have measures and defenses in place against unauthorized access, but we may not be able to prevent, immediately detect, or remediate such events.
corning index we use electronic it in our manufacturing processes and operations and other aspects of our business.  our it systems may be vulnerable to disruptions from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber-attack and other similar disruptions.  a material breach in the security of our it systems could include the theft of our intellectual property or trade secrets.  such disruptions or security breaches could result in the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information, harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, or otherwise adversely affect our business.
additionally, utilities and other operators of critical energy infrastructure that serve our facilities face heightened security risks, including cyber-attack.  in the event of such an attack, disruption in service from our utility providers could disrupt our manufacturing operations which rely on a continuous source of power (electrical, gas, etc.).
international trade policies may impact demand for our products and our competitive position government policies on international trade and investment such as import quotas, capital controls or tariffs, whether adopted by individual governments or addressed by regional trade blocs, can affect the demand for our products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us (including our equity affiliates/joint ventures) from being able to sell products in certain countries.  the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, in countries in which we sell large quantities of products and services could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.  for example, a government's adoption of "buy national" policies or retaliation by another government against such policies could have a negative impact on our results of operations.  these policies also affect our equity companies.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information management's discussion and analysis provides a historical and prospective narrative on the company's financial condition and results of operations.  this discussion includes the following sections:
·   results of operations
·   core performance measures
·   liquidity and capital resources
·   environment
overview strategy and capital allocation framework in october 2015, corning announced a new strategy and capital allocation framework that reflects the company's financial and operational strengths, as well as its ongoing commitment to increasing shareholder value.
our probability of success increases as we invest in our world-class capabilities.  over the next four years, corning will concentrate approximately 80% of its research, development and engineering investment and capital spending on a cohesive set of three core technologies, four manufacturing and engineering platforms, and five market-access platforms.  this strategy will allow us to quickly apply our talents and repurpose our assets as needed.
our financial strength also allows us to increase our return to shareholders. through 2019, we expect to generate and deploy over $20 billion in cash and to return more than $10 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. as a result, we expect to increase our dividend per common share by at least 10% annually through 2019.
investing in our future corning is one of the world's leading innovators in materials science.  for more than 160 years, corning has applied its unparalleled expertise in specialty glass, ceramics, and optical physics to develop products that have created new industries and transformed people's lives.  our spending level for research, development and engineering remained consistent at 8% of sales in the year ended december 31, 2015 when compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.  we continue to maintain our innovation strategy focusing on growing our existing businesses, developing opportunities adjacent or closely related to our existing technical and manufacturing capabilities, and investing in long-range opportunities in each of our market segments.  we continue to work on new products, including glass substrates for high-performance displays and lcd applications, precision glass for advanced displays, emission control products for cars, trucks, and off-road vehicles, products that accelerate drug discovery and manufacturing and the optical fiber, cable and hardware and equipment that enable fiber-to-the-premises, and next generation data centers.  in addition, we are focusing on wireless solutions for diverse venue applications, such as distributed antenna systems.  we have also focused our research, development and engineering spending to support the advancement of new product attributes for our corning gorilla glass suite of products, including gorilla glass® in automotive and architectural markets.  we will continue to focus on adjacent glass opportunities which leverage existing materials or manufacturing processes, including corning® willowtm glass, our ultra-slim flexible glass substrate for use in next-generation consumer electronic and architectural applications.
2015 results the global economic headwinds, the continued softening in the television and consumer electronic device retail markets and the negative impact of the strengthening of the u.s. dollar negatively impacted corning in 2015, resulting in lower net sales and net income when compared to results in 2014.
corning index net sales in the year ended december 31, 2015 were $9,111 million, a decrease of $604 million, or 6%, when compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.  sales in our optical communications segment increased by $328 million, or 12%, but were more than offset by declines in our other segments.  the increase in sales in the optical communications segment was due to an increase in volume in north america in both carrier network and enterprise network products and the impact of several acquisitions completed in 2015.  the decrease in sales of $765 million, or 20%, in the display technologies segment was the most significant segment decline, and was driven by the depreciation of the japanese yen versus the u.s. dollar in the amount of $446 million and price declines in the low-teens in percentage terms, partially offset by a mid-single digit increase in volume.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, we generated net income of $1.3 billion, or $1.00 per share, compared to net income of $2.5 billion, or $1.73 per share, for 2014.  when compared to last year, the decrease in net income was due to the following items (amounts presented after tax):
·   the decrease in the unrealized gains from our foreign currency hedges related to translated earnings in the amount of $1,054 million;
·   a decrease in net income of $301 million in the display technologies segment, driven by price declines in the low-teens in percentage terms more than offsetting a mid-single digit percentage increase in volume, continued softening in the television and it retail markets and the impact of the change in the fair value of the contingent consideration resulting from the acquisition of corning precision materials in the amount of $184 million;
·   the increase of $81 million in our defined benefit pension plans mark-to-market loss, driven by lower returns on our u.s. pension assets; and
·   the absence of a gain of $38 million recorded in 2014 related to the settlement of an intellectual property dispute.
the decrease in net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 was partially offset by the following items:
·   the positive change in the amounts recorded related to tax law changes and valuation allowance adjustments of $204 million;
·   an increase of $43 million in the optical communications segment, due to higher sales volume for both carrier and enterprise network products, the favorable impact of several acquisitions completed this year and manufacturing efficiencies gained through cost reductions; and
·   an increase in equity earnings of $33 million, driven by higher earnings at dow corning.
the translation impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates negatively affected corning's consolidated net income in the year ended december 31, 2015 in the amount of $294 million when compared to 2014.  this impact was partially offset by the increase in the realized gain from our foreign currency translation hedges related to translated earnings of $186 million.
2016 corporate outlook in 2016, corning expects its display technologies segment to experience continued moderate sequential lcd glass price declines and glass volume growth in the mid-single digit percentage year over year, in line with total glass demand growth.  we anticipate that a rise in global demand for corning's carrier and enterprise network products will drive an increase in sales of a mid-single digit percentage in our optical communications segment, and that an increase in corning gorilla glass and advanced optics volume will drive sales growth in the low-teens on a percentage basis in our specialty materials segment.  we expect sales in our environmental technologies segment to be down slightly for the year, driven by lower year-over-year demand for heavy-duty diesel products.  and we expect to continue the execution of our strategy and capital allocation framework begun in the fourth quarter of 2015, under which we plan to grow and sustain our leadership position in the markets in which we operate and return more than $10 billion to shareholders through 2019.
corning index results of operations selected highlights from our continuing operations follow (in millions):
2015                                       2014              2013                % change
(as a % of net sales)                                         17%                12%              14%
research, development and engineering expenses               $769               $815             $710        (6)          15
(as a % of net sales)                                          8%                 8%               9%
restructuring, impairment and other charges                                      $71              $67          *           6
(as a % of net sales)                                                             1%               1%
equity in earnings of affiliated companies                   $299               $266             $547         12        (51)
(as a % of net sales)                                          3%                 3%               7%
(as a % of net sales)                                                             1%
(as a % of net sales)                                          1%                15%               8%
(as a % of net sales)                                         16%                37%              32%
(as a % of net sales)                                        (2)%              (11)%             (7)%
(as a % of net sales)                                         15%                25%              25%
*   percent change not meaningful.
change      change
environmental technologies         1,053              1,092                919        (4)%         19%
·   a decrease of $765 million in the display technologies segment, driven by the depreciation of the japanese yen versus the u.s. dollar, which adversely impacted net sales in the amount of $446 million, and price declines in the low-teens on a percentage basis. although volume increased in the mid-single digits in percentage terms, growth was muted somewhat by weakness in demand for televisions, computer monitors and mobile computing products;
·   a decrease in the environmental technologies segment of $39 million, driven by the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, of $57 million and lower sales of light duty diesel products in europe, partially offset by higher volume for heavy-duty diesel and light-duty substrate products;
·   a decrease of $98 million in the specialty materials segment, driven primarily by a decline in advanced optics sales; and
·   a decrease of $41 million in the life sciences segment due to the impact of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates of $43 million.
an increase of $328 million in the optical communications segment slightly offset the decline in sales.  the increase was driven by higher sales of enterprise network products, up $170 million, due to an acquisition completed in the first quarter of 2015 and an increase in data center products sales.  sales of carrier network products also increased by $158 million driven by growth in fiber-to-the-home products in north america and the impact of two small acquisitions completed in the first quarter of 2015.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, the translation impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the japanese yen and the euro, negatively affected corning's consolidated net sales in the amount of $663 million when compared to the same period in 2014.
corning's net sales in the year ended december 31, 2014 improved in all of our segments, increasing by $1,896 million to $9,715 million, when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by the following events:
·   display technologies increased by $1.3 billion, due to the consolidation of corning precision materials, which increased sales by $1.8 billion, and an increase in volume that was slightly more than 10% in percentage terms, partially offset by price declines in the mid-teens on a percentage basis and the negative impact of the japanese yen versus the u.s. dollar exchange rate in the amount of $373 million;
·   optical communications increased by $326 million, driven by an increase in sales of carrier network products in the amount of $254 million, largely due to growth in north america and europe, the impact of a full year of sales from a small acquisition and the consolidation of an investment due to a change in control that occurred at the end of the second quarter of 2013, which added $53 million, and an increase of $72 million in enterprise network products. these increases were offset slightly by a $52 million decrease in optical fiber sales in china;
·   an increase of $173 million in the environmental technologies segment, due mainly to an increase in demand for our heavy-duty diesel products, driven by new governmental regulations in europe and china, and increased demand for class 8 vehicles in north america. automotive substrate sales were also strong, increasing 9%, due to increased demand in europe and china;
·   specialty materials improved by $35 million, driven by an increase in sales of advanced optics products. corning gorilla glass sales remained consistent with the prior year, with volume increases offset by an unfavorable shift in product mix and price declines; and
·   life sciences increased by $11 million, driven by growth in north america and china, up $12 million and $5 million, respectively.
in the year ended december 31, 2014, the translation impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily the japanese yen, negatively affected corning's consolidated net sales in the amount of $347 million when compared to the same period in 2013.
in 2015, 2014 and 2013, sales in international markets accounted for 70%, 77% and 74%, respectively, of total net sales.
cost of sales the types of expenses included in the cost of sales line item are: raw materials consumption, including direct and indirect materials; salaries, wages and benefits; depreciation and amortization; production utilities; production-related purchasing; warehousing (including receiving and inspection); repairs and maintenance; inter-location inventory transfer costs; production and warehousing facility property insurance; rent for production facilities; and other production overhead.
corning index gross margin in the year ended december 31, 2015, gross margin dollars and gross margin as a percentage of net sales both declined when compared to the same period last year, declining $399 million and 2%, respectively.  the negative impact of the depreciation of the japanese yen versus the u.s. dollar in the amount of $368 million and price declines in the display technologies segment in the low teens in percentage terms drove the decrease, but were partially offset by cost reductions and the impact of several small acquisitions in the optical communications segment, improvements in manufacturing performance in the display technologies and specialty materials segments and lower acquisition-related and restructuring costs.  additionally, our emerging innovation group and corning pharmaceutical technologies business added $26 million in gross margin dollars in 2015, reflecting the growing significance of new business development.
for 2014, gross margin dollars increased by $728 million when compared to 2013, driven largely by the consolidation of corning precision materials, combined with an increase of $102 million in the environmental technologies segment from higher volume and improved manufacturing efficiencies.  gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased when compared to the same period last year, due primarily to the impact of the depreciation of the japanese yen versus the u.s. dollar in the amount of $333 million, price declines in the mid-teens in percentage terms in our display technologies segment, higher pension expense of approximately $50 million and the impact of inventory builds in 2013 in the optical communications and specialty materials segments that did not repeat in 2014.
selling, general and administrative expenses in the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $312 million when compared to the same period in 2014, driven primarily by an increase of $133 million in our defined benefit pension plans mark-to-market loss, the absence of the positive impact of a contingent consideration fair value adjustment of $249 million recorded in 2014 and an increase in spending in the optical communications segment driven by several acquisitions completed in 2015.  offsetting these increases somewhat were a decrease in variable compensation, lower spending in the display technologies and specialty materials segments and a decline in acquisition-related and post-combination expenses, which were higher last year due to additional costs incurred related to the acquisition of the remaining equity interests of samsung corning precision materials.  when compared to the same period last year, as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased driven by lower net sales in 2015.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased by $85 million when compared to 2013.  the increase was largely driven by the consolidation of corning precision materials, which added $90 million, an increase in pension expense of approximately $27 million, an increase of $38 million in share-based and performance-based compensation expenses and an increase of approximately $90 million in acquisition-related costs, including $72 million of post-combination compensation expense, offset somewhat by the positive impact of a contingent consideration fair value adjustment of $249 million.  as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses were 12%, considerably lower than the same period in 2013, largely due to the contingent consideration fair value adjustment more than offsetting the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses resulting from the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials.
the types of expenses included in the selling, general and administrative expenses line item are: salaries, wages and benefits; travel; professional fees; and depreciation and amortization, utilities, and rent for administrative facilities.
research, development and engineering expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015, research, development and engineering expenses decreased by $46 million when compared to the same period last year, driven by lower variable compensation and a decrease in the display technologies and specialty materials segments.  as a percentage of net sales, research, development and engineering expenses remained consistent with the same period in 2014.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, research, development and engineering expenses increased by $105 million when compared to the same period last year, driven by the consolidation of corning precision materials, which added $69 million, an increase of approximately $30 million in new business development spending and $20 million of additional pension expense.  we continue to focus on new product development in areas such as glass substrates for high performance displays in our display technologies segment, wireless solutions for diverse venue applications in the optical communications segment and advancement of new product attributes for our corning gorilla glass suite of products in our specialty materials segment.  as a percentage of net sales, research, development and engineering expenses declined slightly, from 9% in 2013 to 8% in 2014, reflecting cost control measures implemented in 2014.
corning index restructuring, impairment, and other charges corning recorded restructuring, impairment, and other charges and credits in 2014 and 2013, which affect the comparability of our results for the periods presented.  additional information on restructuring and asset impairment is found in note 2 (restructuring, impairment and other charges) to the consolidated financial statements.  a description of those charges and credits follows:
2015 activity for the year ended december 31, 2015, we did not record significant restructuring, impairment and other charges or reversals.  cash expenditures for restructuring activities were $40 million.
2014 activity for the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded charges of $71 million for workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs for restructuring activities with total cash expenditures of approximately $39 million.  annualized savings from these actions are estimated to be approximately $94 million and will be reflected largely in selling, general and administrative expenses.
2013 activity to better align our 2014 cost position in several of our businesses, corning implemented a global restructuring plan within several of our segments in the fourth quarter of 2013, consisting of workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs.  we recorded charges of $67 million, before tax, associated with these actions.  cash expenditures were approximately $35 million.
equity in earnings of affiliated companies the following provides a summary of equity earnings of affiliated companies (in millions):
equity earnings of affiliated companies increased by $33 million in the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, when compared to the same period in 2014, reflecting the increase in equity earnings from dow corning.
equity earnings of affiliated companies decreased by $281 million in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, when compared to the same period in 2013, reflecting the acquisition and consolidation of samsung corning precision materials, offset somewhat by an increase in equity earnings from dow corning.
dow corning the following table provides a summary of equity earnings from dow corning, by component (in millions):
in may 1995, dow corning filed for bankruptcy protection to address pending and claimed liabilities arising from many thousands of breast implant product lawsuits.  on june 1, 2004, dow corning emerged from chapter 11 with a plan of reorganization (the "plan") which provided for the settlement or other resolution of implant claims.  the plan also includes releases for corning and dow chemical as shareholders in exchange for contributions to the plan.
corning index under the terms of the plan, dow corning has established and is funding a settlement trust and a litigation facility to provide a means for tort claimants to settle or litigate their claims.  inclusive of insurance, dow corning has paid approximately $1.8 billion to the settlement trust.  as of december 31, 2015, dow corning had recorded a reserve for breast implant litigation of $291 million.  see note 7 (investments) to the consolidated financial statements and part ii - item 3. legal proceedings for additional detail.
on december 11, 2015, corning announced its intention to exchange its 50% equity interest in dow corning corporation for 100% of the stock of a newly formed entity that will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of corning.  the newly formed entity will hold approximately 40% ownership in hemlock semiconductor group and approximately $4.8 billion in cash.  upon completion of this strategic realignment, which is expected to close during the first half of 2016, dow chemical, an equal owner of dow corning with corning since 1943, will assume 100% ownership of dow corning.
·   a decrease in equity earnings from the silicones business of $493 million, driven by the following items:
o   the absence of the gain resulting from the reduction of the implant liability in the amount of $393 million;
o   the absence of $46 million of favorable tax adjustments recorded in 2014;
o   the negative impact of the change in the mark-to-market of a derivative instrument in the amount of $56 million ($43 million loss in 2015 compared to $13 million gain in 2014); and
o   lower volume and unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates.
·   a significant increase in equity earnings from the polysilicon business in the amount of $522 million, driven by the absence of the $465 million charge for the abandonment of a polycrystalline silicon plant expansion recorded in 2014 and an increase in corning's share of settlements of long-term sales agreements in the amount of $40 million ($49 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared to $9 million in the first quarter of 2014), partially offset by lower volume.
·   an increase in equity earnings of $487 million in the silicones segment, driven by the gain resulting from the reduction of the implant liability in the amount of $393 million, favorable tax adjustments in the amount of $46 million and a decrease in tax expense, offset somewhat by a $5 million decrease in the amount of gains recorded on the mark-to-market of a derivative instrument; and
·   a decrease in equity earnings of $431 million in the polysilicon segment, driven by corning's share of dow corning's charge for the abandonment of a polycrystalline silicon plant expansion in the amount of $465 million, offset slightly by higher volume, the absence of $11 million in restructuring charges incurred in the first half of 2013, a gain in the amount of $6 million related to energy tax credits and the settlement of a long-term sales agreement in the first quarter of 2014 in the amount of $9 million.
corning index foreign currency hedge gain, net included in the line item foreign currency hedge gain, net, is the impact of foreign currency hedges which hedge our translation exposure arising from movements in the japanese yen, south korean won and euro against the u.s. dollar and its impact on our net earnings, as well as other foreign exchange hedges that limit exposures to foreign functional currency fluctuations.  the following tables provide detailed information on the impact of our foreign currency hedge gains and losses:
year ended                       year ended                           change december 31, 2015                december 31, 2014                    2015 vs. 2014
year ended                     year ended                       change december 31, 2014              december 31, 2013                2014 vs. 2013
the gross notional value outstanding for our foreign currency hedges related to translated earnings at december 31, 2015 is $11.9 billion, and is comprised of the following:  1) japanese yen-denominated hedges - $8.3 billion; 2) south korean won-denominated hedges - $3.3 billion; and 3) euro-denominated hedges - $345 million.
income before income taxes the translation impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates negatively affected corning's income before income taxes in the year ended december 31, 2015 in the amount of $388 million when compared to 2014.  this impact was partially offset by the increase in the realized gain from our foreign currency translation hedges related to translated earnings of $379 million.
corning index the effective income tax rate for 2015 differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the following items:
·   rate differences on income (loss) of consolidated foreign companies, including the benefit of excess foreign tax credits resulting from the inclusion of high-taxed foreign earnings in u.s. income;
·   the impact of equity in earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates reported in the financials, net of tax;
·   $63 million tax expense for unrecognized tax benefit primarily for positions taken related to net transfer pricing adjustments (offset with benefit for competent authority relief); and
·   $100 million tax benefit primarily related to change in judgment on the realizability of germany and japan deferred tax assets which is partially offset with tax expense from u.s. state and china deferred tax allowances increases.
the effective income tax rate for 2014 differed from the u.s. statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the following items:
·   rate differences on income (loss) of consolidated foreign companies, including the benefit of excess foreign tax credits resulting from the inclusion of high-taxed foreign earnings in u.s. income; and
·   the impact of equity in earnings of nonconsolidated affiliates reported in the financials, net of tax.
partially offsetting the benefits above is a $177 million charge attributable to a change in judgment on the realizability of certain foreign deferred tax assets in germany and japan.
corning has valuation allowances on certain shorter-lived deferred tax assets such as those represented by capital loss and state tax net operating loss carryforwards, as well as other foreign net operating loss carryforwards, because we cannot conclude that it is more likely than not that we will earn income of the character or amount required to utilize these assets before they expire.  the amount of u.s. and foreign deferred tax assets that have remaining valuation allowances at december 31, 2015 and 2014 was $238 million and $298 million, respectively.
corning continues to indefinitely reinvest substantially all of its foreign earnings, with the exception of an immaterial amount of current earnings that have very low or no tax cost associated with their repatriation.  our current analysis indicates that we have sufficient u.s. liquidity, including borrowing capacity, to fund foreseeable u.s. cash needs without requiring the repatriation of foreign cash.  one time or unusual items that may impact our ability or intent to keep our foreign earnings and cash indefinitely reinvested include significant u.s. acquisitions, stock repurchases, shareholder dividends, changes in tax laws, derivative contract settlements or the development of tax planning ideas that allow us to repatriate earnings at minimal or no tax cost, and/or a change in our circumstances or economic conditions that negatively impact our ability to borrow or otherwise fund u.s. needs from existing u.s. sources.  as of december 31, 2015, taxes have not been provided on approximately $11 billion of accumulated foreign unremitted earnings that are expected to remain invested indefinitely.  while it remains impracticable to calculate the tax cost of repatriating our total unremitted foreign earnings, such cost could be material to the results of operations of corning in a particular period.
our foreign subsidiary in taiwan operates under various tax holiday arrangements.  the nature and extent of such arrangements vary, and the benefits of such arrangements phase out through 2018.  the impact of the tax holidays on our effective rate is a reduction in the rate of 0.5, 0.4 and 1.2 percentage points for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
while we expect the amount of unrecognized tax benefits to change in the next 12 months, we do not expect the change to have a significant impact on the results of operations or our financial position.
refer to note 6 (income taxes) to the consolidated financial statements for further details regarding income tax matters.
corning index net income attributable to corning incorporated as a result of the items discussed above, net income and per share data was as follows (in millions, except per share amounts):
(1)   refer to note 18 (earnings per common share) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
foreign currency translation adjustments and other                                                    (590)               (1,073)               (682)
unamortized gains (losses) and prior service (costs) credits for postretirement benefit plans           121                 (281)                 392
other comprehensive loss, net of tax (note 17)                                                        (504)               (1,351)               (312)
for the year ended december 31, 2015, comprehensive income decreased by $286 million when compared to the same period in 2014, driven by a decrease of $1,133 million in net income attributable to corning incorporated, offset by the positive impact of the change in foreign currency translation adjustments and the increase in unamortized gains for postretirement benefit plans.
the decrease in the loss on foreign currency translation adjustments for the year ended december 31, 2015 in the amount of $483 million (after-tax) was driven by the following items:  1) the decrease in the loss in the translation of corning's consolidated subsidiaries in the amount of $334 million;  2) the decrease in the loss in the translation of corning's equity method investments in the amount of $13 million; and 3) the absence of the reclassification of a gain to net income in 2014 in the amount of $136 million related to the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials.
the increase in unamortized gains for postretirement benefit plans in the amount of $402 million (after-tax) is due to the following:  1) the increase in the reclassification to the income statement of $81 million of actuarial losses in our defined benefit pension plans, largely driven by lower investment returns; 2) a decrease in actuarial losses of $119 million; and 3) the increase in actuarial gains of $202 million from our equity affiliate dow corning.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, comprehensive income decreased by $528 million when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by an increase in unamortized losses for postretirement benefit plans and the negative impact of the change in foreign currency translation adjustments, offset by an increase of $511 million in net income attributable to corning incorporated.
corning index the increase in unamortized losses for postretirement benefit plans in the amount of $673 million is driven mainly by changes to the discount rate and mortality assumptions used to value corning's u.s. pension and postretirement medical and life benefit plan ("opeb") obligations and the benefit plan obligations of our equity affiliate dow corning at december 31, 2014.  corning and dow corning adopted the society of actuaries mortality table rp-2014 published in october 2014, along with an updated improvement scale, and the discount rate for our u.s. benefit plans decreased between 75 and 100 basis points.  at december 31, 2014, the decrease in discount rates and the change in the mortality assumption for our u.s. plans led to an actuarial after-tax loss of approximately $281 million versus a gain in 2013 of $392 million.  the loss of $281 million occurring in 2014 included the impact to our u.s. pension and opeb plans from the mortality table change in the amount of $88 million, the impact of $89 million from changes in other actuarial assumptions and $124 million from our equity affiliate dow corning, offset by reclassifications to the income statement of $20 million after-tax related to u.s. non-qualified and international pension plans.  because the actuarial loss for our u.s qualified pension plan did not fall outside of the corridor, which is defined as equal to 10% of the greater of the benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets at the beginning of the year, it was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") and did not impact net income for the year ended december 31, 2014.
the increase in the loss on foreign currency translation adjustments for the year ended december 31, 2014 in the amount of $391 million was driven by the following items:  1) the increase in the loss in the translation of corning's consolidated subsidiaries in the amount of $65 million, which resulted primarily from the depreciation of the japanese yen to u.s. dollar translation rate during 2014; 2) the increase in the loss in the translation of corning's equity method investments in the amount of $190 million; and 3) the reclassification of a gain to net income in the amount of $136 million related to the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials.
see note 13 (employee retirement plans) and note 17 (shareholders' equity) to the consolidated financial statements for additional details.
core performance measures in managing the company and assessing our financial performance, we supplement certain measures provided by our consolidated financial statements with measures adjusted to exclude certain items, to arrive at core performance measures.  we believe reporting core performance measures provides investors greater transparency to the information used by our management team to make financial and operational decisions.  corning has adopted the use of constant currency reporting for the japanese yen and south korean won, and uses an internally derived management rate which is closely aligned to our foreign currency hedges.  in the first quarter of 2015, we changed the yen-to-dollar management rate from ¥93 to ¥99 to closely align with the yen-denominated hedges entered into for the years 2015 through 2017.  prior periods presented have been recast based on the new rate.
net sales, equity in earnings of affiliated companies and net income are adjusted to exclude the impacts of changes in the japanese yen and the south korean won, gains and losses on our foreign currency hedges related to translated earnings, acquisition-related costs, discrete tax items, restructuring and restructuring-related charges, certain litigation-related expenses, pension mark-to-market adjustments and other items which do not reflect on-going operating results of the company or our equity affiliates.  management's discussion and analysis on our reportable segments has also been adjusted for these items, as appropriate.  these measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap").  we believe investors should consider these non-gaap measures in evaluating our results as they are more indicative of our core operating performance and how management evaluates our operational results and trends.  these measures are not, and should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap reporting measures.  for a reconciliation of non-gaap performance measures and a further discussion of the measures, please see "reconciliation of non-gaap measures" below.
results of operations - core performance measures selected highlights from our continuing operations follow (in millions):
2015                                        2014            2013            % change
core equity in earnings of affiliated companies                 $269            $310            $531   (13)%        (42)%
change      change
environmental technologies         1,053              1,092                919        (4)%         19%
in all segments except display technologies, core net sales are consistent with gaap net sales.  because a significant portion of revenues and manufacturing costs in the display technologies segment are denominated in japanese yen, this segment is adjusted to remove the impact of translating yen into dollars.  presenting results on a constant-yen basis mitigates the translation impact of the japanese yen, and allows management to evaluate performance period over period, analyze underlying trends in our businesses and establish operational goals and forecasts.  as of january 1, 2015, we use an internally derived management rate of ¥99, which is closely aligned to our current yen-denominated hedges related to translated earnings, and have recast all periods presented based on this rate in order to effectively remove the impact of changes in the japanese yen.
·   a decrease of $318 million in the display technologies segment, driven by price declines in the low-teens on a percentage basis. although volume increased in the mid-single digits in percentage terms, growth was muted somewhat by weakness in demand for televisions, computer monitors and mobile computing products;
·   a decrease in the environmental technologies segment of $39 million, driven by the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, of $57 million and lower sales of light duty diesel products in europe, partially offset by higher volume for heavy duty diesel and light duty substrate products;
·   a decrease of $98 million in the specialty materials segment, driven primarily by a decline in advanced optics sales; and
·   a decrease of $41 million in the life sciences segment due to the impact of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates of $43 million.
an increase of $328 million in the optical communications segment slightly offset the decline in sales.  the increase was driven by higher sales of enterprise network products, up $170 million, due to an acquisition completed in the first quarter of 2015 and an increase in data center products sales.  sales of carrier network products also increased, up $158 million, driven by growth in fiber-to-the-home products in north america and the impact of two small acquisitions completed in the first quarter of 2015.
corning's core net sales in the year ended december 31, 2014 improved in all of our segments, increasing by $2,175 million to $9,955 million, when compared to the same period in 2013.  driving the growth in core net sales are the following items:
·   display technologies increased by $1,585 million, due to the consolidation of corning precision materials and an increase in volume that was slightly more than 10% in percentage terms, offset somewhat by price declines in the mid-teens;
·   optical communications increased by $326 million, driven by an increase in sales of carrier network products in the amount of $254 million, largely due to growth in north america and europe, the impact of a full year of sales from a small acquisition and the consolidation of an investment due to a change in control that occurred at the end of the second quarter of 2013, which added $53 million, and an increase of $72 million in enterprise network products. these increases were offset slightly by a $52 million decrease in optical fiber sales in china;
·   an increase of $173 million in the environmental technologies segment, due mainly to an increase in demand for our heavy duty diesel products, driven by new governmental regulations in europe and china, and increased demand for class 8 vehicles in north america. automotive substrate sales were also strong, increasing 9%, on increased demand in europe and china;
·   specialty materials improved by $35 million, driven by an increase in sales of advanced optics products. corning gorilla glass sales remained consistent with the prior year, with volume increases offset by an unfavorable shift in product mix and price declines; and
·   life sciences increased by $11 million, driven by growth in north america and china, up $12 million and $5 million, respectively.
the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates in the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, excluding the japanese yen and south korean won, negatively affected core net sales in the amount of $215 million and $68 million, respectively, when compared to the prior years.
core equity in earnings of affiliated companies the following provides a summary of core equity in earnings of affiliated companies (in millions):
2015                               2014          2013           % change
*   in 2013, we excluded the operating results of dow corning's consolidated subsidiary hemlock semiconductor, a producer of polycrystalline silicon, to remove the impact of the severe unpredictability and instability in the polysilicon market.
core equity earnings of affiliated companies decreased by $41 million in the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, when compared to the same period in 2014, reflecting the decrease in equity earnings from dow corning.
core equity earnings of affiliated companies decreased by $221 million in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, when compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013, reflecting the acquisition and consolidation of samsung corning precision materials, offset somewhat by an increase in equity earnings from dow corning.
dow corning the following table provides a summary of core equity earnings from dow corning, by component (in millions):
the following table reconciles the non-gaap financial measure of equity earnings from dow corning to its most directly comparable gaap financial measure:
hemlock semiconductor operating results (8)                                          (31)
hemlock semiconductor non-operating results (8)                                       (1)
equity in earnings of affiliated companies (8)         (36)            35            (19)
core performance measures                              $245          $287            $145
see reconciliation of non-gaap measures - items excluded from gaap measures below for the descriptions of the footnoted reconciling items.
core equity earnings from dow corning decreased by $42 million, or 15%, in the year ended december 31, 2015, when compared to the same period last year, due to lower volume and unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates and the devaluation of the chinese yuan.
core equity earnings from dow corning increased in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by higher earnings in both the silicones and polysilicon segments.  driving the increase was a decrease in tax expense in the silicones segment and higher volume and improved manufacturing performance in the polysilicon segment.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, we generated core earnings of $1,882 million or $1.40 per share, compared to $2,023 million or $1.42 per share in the year ended december 31, 2014.  the decrease was due to lower core earnings in the display technologies, environmental technologies, specialty materials and life sciences segments, and the unfavorable translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates, excluding the japanese yen and south korean won, of $57 million.  slightly offsetting the decline is higher core earnings in the optical communications segment, up $61 million, driven by higher sales volume for both carrier network and enterprise network products, the favorable impact of several acquisitions completed this year and manufacturing efficiencies gained through cost reductions.
·   the impact of the consolidation of corning precision materials and the resulting cost reductions and efficiencies gained through synergies;
·   an increase of $58 million in the environmental technologies segment, driven by an increase in demand for our diesel products and improved manufacturing efficiency; and
·   an increase of $34 million in the optical communications segment, driven by higher sales of carrier network and enterprise network products.
the increase in core earnings for the year ended december 31, 2014 was offset somewhat by price declines in the mid-teens in percentage terms outpacing an increase in volume slightly higher than 10% in our display technologies segment.
included in core earnings for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 is net periodic pension expense in the amount of $62 million, $74 million and $37 million, respectively, which excludes the annual pension mark-to-market adjustments.  in the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the mark-to-market adjustments were a pre-tax loss of $165 million, a pre-tax loss of $29 million and a pre-tax gain of $30 million, respectively.  refer to note 13 (employee retirement plans) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
core earnings per common share the following table sets forth the computation of core basic and core diluted earnings per common share (in millions, except per share amounts):
effect of dilutive securities:
corning index reconciliation of non-gaap measures we utilize certain financial measures and key performance indicators that are not calculated in accordance with gaap to assess our financial and operating performance.  a non-gaap financial measure is defined as a numerical measure of a company's financial performance that (i) excludes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding amounts, that are included in the comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap in the statement of income or statement of cash flows, or (ii) includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of including amounts, that are excluded from the comparable measure as calculated and presented in accordance with gaap in the statement of income or statement of cash flows.
core net sales, core equity earnings of affiliated companies and core earnings are non-gaap financial measures utilized by our management to analyze financial performance without the impact of items that are driven by general economic conditions and events that do not reflect the underlying fundamentals and trends in the company's operations.
the following tables reconcile our non-gaap financial measures to their most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
discrete tax items and other tax-related adjustments (4)                                                                             36                                0.03
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                                                                     46               42                                0.03
liquidation of subsidiary (7)
equity in earnings of affiliated companies (8)                                                   (34)             (34)             (33)                              (0.02)
impacts from the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials (9)                                           (20)             (18)                              (0.01)
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                             165              105                                0.08
core performance measures                                                    $9,800              $269           $2,190           $1,882       14.1%                   $1.40
see "items excluded from gaap measures" below for the descriptions of the footnoted reconciling items.
discrete tax items and other tax-related adjustments (4)                                                                                240                                0.17
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                                                                        86                66                                0.05
liquidation of subsidiary (7)                                                                                                           (3)
equity in earnings of affiliated companies (8)                                                     43                  43                38                                0.03
settlement of pre-existing contract (9)                                                                               320               320                                0.22
contingent consideration fair value adjustment (9)                                                                  (249)             (194)                              (0.14)
impacts from the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials (9)                                               (9)              (12)                              (0.01)
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                                 29                24                                0.02
core performance measures                                                    $9,955              $310              $2,404            $2,023       15.8%                   $1.42
*   in the first quarter of 2015, we changed the yen-to-dollar management rate from ¥93 to ¥99 to closely align with the yen-denominated hedges entered into for the years 2015 through 2017. prior periods presented have been recast based on the new rate.
see "items excluded from gaap measures" below for the descriptions of the footnoted reconciling items.
discrete tax items and other tax-related adjustments (4)                                                                    9                              0.01
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                                                          67                46                              0.03
equity in earnings of affiliated companies (8)                                         42                42                44                              0.02
hemlock semiconductor operating results (8)                                          (31)              (31)              (30)                            (0.02)
hemlock semiconductor non-operating results (8)                                         1                 1                 1
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                 (30)              (17)                            (0.01)
gain on change in control of equity investment (12)                                                    (17)              (12)                            (0.01)
core performance measures                                    $7,780                  $531            $1,995            $1,656       17.0%                 $1.13
*   in the first quarter of 2015, we changed the yen-to-dollar management rate from ¥93 to ¥99 to closely align with the yen-denominated hedges entered into for the years 2015 through 2017. prior periods presented have been recast based on the new rate.
see "items excluded from gaap measures" below for the descriptions of the footnoted reconciling items.
corning index items excluded from gaap measures items which we exclude from gaap measures to arrive at core performance measures are as follows:
(1)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    constant-currency adjustments:
constant-yen: because a significant portion of display technologies segment revenues and manufacturing costs are denominated in japanese yen, management believes it is important to understand the impact on core earnings of translating yen into dollars. presenting results on a constant-yen basis mitigates the translation impact of the japanese yen, and allows management to evaluate performance period over period, analyze underlying trends in our businesses, and establish operational goals and forecasts. as of january 1, 2015, we used an internally derived management rate of ¥99, which is closely aligned to our current yen portfolio of foreign currency hedges, and have recast all periods presented based on this rate in order to effectively remove the impact of changes in the japanese yen.
constant-won: following the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials and because a significant portion of corning precision materials' costs are denominated in south korean won, management believes it is important to understand the impact on core earnings from translating won into dollars. presenting results on a constant-won basis mitigates the translation impact of the south korean won, and allows management to evaluate performance period over period, analyze underlying trends in our businesses, and establish operational goals and forecasts without the variability caused by the fluctuations caused by changes in the rate of this currency. we use an internally derived management rate of 1,100, which is consistent with historical prior period averages of the won.
(2)   foreign currency hedges related to translated earnings: we have excluded the impact of the gains and losses of our foreign currency hedges related to translated earnings for each period presented.
(3)   acquisition-related costs: these expenses include intangible amortization, inventory valuation adjustments and external acquisition-related deal costs.
(4)   discrete tax items and other tax-related adjustments: this represents the removal of discrete adjustments attributable to changes in tax law and changes in judgment about the realizability of certain deferred tax assets, as well as other non-operational tax-related adjustments, including the tax effect of transfer pricing out-of-period adjustments in 2014 and 2015.
(5)   litigation, regulatory and other legal matters: includes amounts related to the pittsburgh corning corporation (pcc) asbestos litigation, adjustments to our estimated liability for environmental-related items and other legal matters.
(6)   restructuring, impairment and other charges: this amount includes restructuring, impairment and other charges, including goodwill impairment charges and other expenses and disposal costs not classified as restructuring expense.
(7)   liquidation of subsidiary: the partial impact of non-restructuring related items due to the decision to liquidate a consolidated subsidiary that is not significant.
(8)   equity in earnings of affiliated companies: these adjustments relate to items which do not reflect expected on-going operating results of our affiliated companies, such as restructuring, impairment and other charges and settlements under "take-or-pay" contracts. in 2013, we excluded the operating results of dow corning's consolidated subsidiary hemlock semiconductor, a producer of polycrystalline silicon, to remove the impact of the severe unpredictability and instability in the polysilicon market.
(9)   impacts from the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials: pre-acquisition gains and losses on previously held equity investment and other gains and losses related to the acquisition, including post-combination expenses, fair value adjustments to the indemnity asset related to contingent consideration and the impact of the withholding tax on a dividend from samsung corning precision materials.
(10)   post-combination expenses: post-combination expenses incurred as a result of an acquisition in the first quarter of 2015.
(11)   pension mark-to-market adjustment: mark-to-market pension gains and losses, which arise from changes in actuarial assumptions and the difference between actual and expected returns on plan assets and discount rates.
(12)   gain on change in control of equity investment: gain as a result of certain changes to the shareholder agreement of an equity company, resulting in corning having a controlling interest that requires consolidation of this investment.
·   environmental technologies - manufactures ceramic substrates and filters for automotive and diesel applications.
·   specialty materials - manufactures products that provide more than 150 material formulations for glass, glass ceramics and fluoride crystals to meet demand for unique customer needs.
all other segments that do not meet the quantitative threshold for separate reporting have been grouped as "all other."  this group is primarily comprised of the results of corning's pharmaceutical technologies business, which consists of a pharmaceutical glass business and a glass tubing business used in the pharmaceutical packaging industry.  this segment also includes corning precision materials' non-lcd business and new product lines and development projects such as laser technologies, advanced flow reactors and adjacency businesses in pursuit of thin, strong glass, as well as certain corporate investments such as eurokera and keraglass equity affiliates.
we prepared the financial results for our reportable segments on a basis that is consistent with the manner in which we internally disaggregate financial information to assist in making internal operating decisions.  we included the earnings of equity affiliates that are closely associated with our reportable segments in the respective segment's net income.  we have allocated certain common expenses among our reportable segments differently than we would for stand-alone financial information prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.  the display technologies, optical communications, environmental technologies, specialty materials and life sciences segments include non-gaap measures which are not prepared in accordance with gaap.  we believe investors should consider these non-gaap measures in evaluating our results as they are more indicative of our core operating performance and with how management evaluates our operational results and trends.  these measures are not, and should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap reporting measures.  for a reconciliation of non-gaap performance measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, please see "reconciliation of non-gaap measures" above.  segment net income may not be consistent with measures used by other companies.  the accounting policies of our reportable segments are the same as those applied in the consolidated financial statements.
corning index display technologies the following table provides net sales and net income for the display technologies segment and reconciles the non-gaap financial measures for the display technologies segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with gaap (in millions):
discrete tax items and other tax-related adjustments (4)                                                                              4                              10
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                                                                                      40                               6
equity in earnings of affiliated companies (8)                                                                                        6                              28
impacts from the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials (9)                            (10)           1               (121)
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                4                               2                             (8)
core performance measures                                                    $3,774              $1,075      $4,092              $1,243   $2,507                 $1,133
*   in the first quarter of 2015, we changed the yen-to-dollar management rate from ¥93 to ¥99 to closely align with the yen-denominated hedges entered into for the years 2015 through 2017. prior periods presented have been recast based on the new rate.
see "items excluded from gaap measures" above for the descriptions of the footnoted reconciling items.
when compared to the same period in 2014, the decrease in net sales of $765 million, or 20%, in the year ended december 31, 2015 was driven by price declines in the low-teens in percentage terms and the depreciation of the japanese yen versus the u.s. dollar, which adversely impacted net sales in the amount of $446 million.  sequentially, fourth quarter lcd glass price declines were the lowest sequential decline of 2015.  although volume increased in the mid-single digits in percentage terms, growth was muted somewhat by weakness in demand for televisions, computer monitors and mobile computing products.  additionally, in the third quarter of 2015, we experienced temporary share loss at one of our largest customers due to a contract dispute.  we resolved the dispute in the fourth quarter of 2015, and extended our long-term supply agreement with this customer to 2025.
·   the impact of price declines in the low-teens in percentage terms that more than offset the mid-single digit percent increase in volume;
·   a decrease of $184 million in the gain on the fair value adjustment of the contingent consideration resulting from the acquisition of corning precision materials; and
·   the absence of a gain on the settlement of an intellectual property dispute recorded in 2014 in the amount of $38 million.
the decrease in net income was partially offset by the following items:
·   improvements in manufacturing efficiency of $79 million;
·   a decline in transaction and acquisition-related costs in the amounts of $73 million and $37 million, respectively;
·   a decrease of $40 million in restructuring, impairment and other charges; and
·   a decline in operating expenses.
corning index the translation impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted display technologies net income in the year ended december 31, 2015 in the amount of $233 million when compared to the same period in 2014.  this impact was partially offset by the increase in the realized gain from our foreign currency hedges related to translated earnings in the amount of $126 million.
when compared to the same period last year, the increase of $1,306 million in net sales in the year ended december 31, 2014, was due to the acquisition of the remaining equity interests of our affiliate samsung corning precision materials, and the consolidation of this entity, which added $1.8 billion in net sales.  this impact was somewhat offset by price declines in the mid-teens in percentage terms, which more than offset an increase in volume that was slightly more than 10% in percentage terms, and the depreciation of the japanese yen versus the u.s. dollar, which adversely impacted net sales by $373 million.
·   the impact of the acquisition of corning precision materials and the resulting cost reductions gained through synergies;
·   the fair value adjustment of the contingent consideration resulting from the acquisition of corning precision materials in the amount of $194 million; and
·   improvements in manufacturing efficiency of $46 million.
the increase in net income was partially offset by the following items:
·   the impact of price declines in the mid-teens in percentage terms that more than offset the increase in volume;
·   the absence of the $67 million gain from our yen-denominated cash flow hedging program;
·   the increase in transaction and acquisition-related costs related to the acquisition of corning precision materials in the amounts of $73 million and $29 million, respectively; and
·   an increase of $34 million in restructuring, impairment and other charges.
core performance
when compared to the same period in 2014, core net sales in the display technologies segment decreased by $318 million, or 8%, in the year ended december 31, 2015, driven primarily by price declines in the low-teens in percentage terms.  sequentially, lcd glass price declines in the fourth quarter remained moderate.  although volume increased in the mid-single digits in percentage terms, growth was muted somewhat by weakness in demand for televisions, computer monitors and mobile computing products.  additionally, in the third quarter of 2015, we experienced temporary share loss at one of our largest customers due to a contract dispute.  we resolved the dispute in the fourth quarter of 2015, and extended our long-term supply agreement with this customer to 2025.
core earnings in the display technologies segment in the year ended december 31, 2015 declined by $168 million, or 14%, when compared to the same period last year.  volume increases in the mid-single digits in percentage terms, lower manufacturing costs and a decline in operating expenses were more than offset by price declines in the low-teens and the absence of a gain on the settlement of an intellectual property dispute recorded in 2014 in the amount of $38 million.
when compared to the same period last year, the increase in core net sales of $1,585 million, or 63%, in the year ended december 31, 2014, was due to the acquisition of the remaining equity interests of our affiliate samsung corning precision materials, and the consolidation of this entity, which added $1.9 billion in net sales.  this impact was somewhat offset by price declines in the mid-teens in percentage terms, which more than offset an increase in volume that was slightly more than 10% in percentage terms.
core earnings in the display technologies segment increased by $110 million, or 10%, in the year ended december 31, 2014, when compared to the same period last year.  the increase was driven by the positive impact of the acquisition of corning precision materials and the resulting cost reductions gained through synergies, coupled with improvements in manufacturing efficiency of $46 million, partially offset by the impact of price declines in the mid-teens in percentage terms that more than offset the increase in volume.
corning index other information the display technologies segment has a concentrated customer base comprised of lcd panel and color filter makers primarily located in japan, south korea, china and taiwan.  in 2015, three customers of the display technologies segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for a combined 62% of total segment sales.  in 2014, three customers of the display technologies segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for a combined 61% of total segment sales.  in 2013, four customers of the display technologies segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for a combined 94% of total segment sales.  our customers face the same global economic dynamics as we do in this market.  our near-term sales and profitability would be impacted if any of these significant customers were unable to continue to purchase our products.
in addition, prior to consolidation, samsung corning precision materials' sales were concentrated across a small number of its customers.  in 2013, sales to two lcd panel makers located in south korea accounted for approximately 93% of samsung corning precision materials sales.
corning has invested to expand capacity to meet the projected demand for lcd glass substrates.  in 2015, 2014 and 2013, capital spending in this segment was $594 million, $492 million and $350 million, respectively.  we expect capital spending for 2016 to be approximately $600 million.
in the first quarter of 2016, corning anticipates that panel maker utilization will continue to decline, which will reduce inventory levels in the supply chain.  as a result, the overall glass market and corning's lcd glass volume are expected to decline by a mid-to-high single-digit percentage sequentially.  corning's lcd glass price decline is expected to be moderate, achieving what will be one of the lowest first-quarter declines in five years.
for the full year, corning expects moderate sequential price declines to continue, and for its glass volume to grow by a mid-single-digit percentage year over year, in line with total glass demand growth.  corning expects global television unit sales will grow by a low single-digit percentage, and the average screen size will increase by at least 1.5 inches.  the company expects panel maker utilization to increase as the year progresses, and retail lcd glass area demand to be up by a high single-digit percentage in 2016.
corning index optical communications the following table provides net sales and net income for the optical communications segment and reconciles the non-gaap financial measures for the optical communications segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with gaap (in millions):
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                               (1)                            17                              8
liquidation of subsidiary (7)                                                                               (2)
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                       13                            (9)
gain on change in control of equity investment (12)                                                                                       (11)
core performance measures                             $2,980                 $281   $2,652                 $220   $2,326                  $186
see "items excluded from gaap measures" above for the descriptions of the footnoted items.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, net sales of the optical communications segment increased by $328 million, or 12%, when compared to the same period in 2014, driven by an increase in both carrier network and enterprise network products.  carrier networks increased by $158 million, driven by higher sales of fiber-to-the-home and cable products in north america and the impact of recent acquisitions, offset somewhat by lower sales of wireless products and fiber and cable products in europe.  sales declined in europe driven by lower volume and the negative impact of movements in the euro exchange rate versus the u.s. dollar.  enterprise network sales grew by $170 million, primarily due to the impact of an acquisition completed in 2015 and an increase in data center product sales.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates in 2015 negatively impacted optical communications net sales in the amount of $101 million, when compared to the same period in 2014.
the increase in net income of $43 million, or 22%, was primarily driven by higher sales volume for both carrier network and enterprise network products and manufacturing efficiencies gained through cost reductions, offset somewhat by acquisition-related and post-combination expenses associated with three acquisitions completed in the first quarter of 2015.  also somewhat offsetting the increase were price declines and a small legal settlement.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact net income of this segment in the year ended december 31, 2015 when compared to the same period in 2014.
in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, net sales of the optical communications segment increased by $326 million, or 14%, when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by a $254 million increase in sales of our carrier network products.  specifically, the following items impacted sales within the carrier network products group in the year ended december 31, 2014:
·   higher sales of cable and hardware and equipment products primarily used in fiber-to-the-home solutions in north america and europe, up $113 million and $46 million, respectively;
·   the impact of a full year of sales from a small acquisition and the consolidation of an investment due to a change in control which occurred at the end of the second quarter of 2013, which added approximately $53 million; and
·   an increase of $11 million in sales of optical fiber, driven by higher sales in north america and europe, partially offset by a decrease in china.
sales of enterprise network products also increased in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, up $72 million, when compared to the same period in 2013, due to strong sales in all regions of the world, led by an increase in sales of data center and lan products in europe and north america, up $21 million and $20 million, respectively, and an increase of $16 million in wireless products sales.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates in 2014 negatively impacted optical communications net sales in the amount of $64 million, when compared to the same period in 2013.
net income increased by $5 million, or 3%, in 2014, when compared to 2013.  the significant increase in volume for carrier network products in north america and europe and an increase in worldwide enterprise network product volume were somewhat offset by price declines in fiber and cable products, $17 million of additional operating expenses driven by two small acquisitions and the absence of the inventory build we experienced in the first half of 2013.  an increase in restructuring charges of $9 million, an increase of $22 million in the amount of the pension mark-to-market adjustment and the absence of the $11 million gain on change in control of an equity company that occurred in the second quarter of 2013 also negatively impacted the results of this segment.
the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact net income of this segment in the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the same period in 2013.
core performance
in the year ended december 31, 2015, core earnings increased by $61 million, or 28%, driven by higher sales volume for both carrier network and enterprise network products and manufacturing efficiencies gained through cost reductions, offset somewhat by price declines.
core earnings in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 increased by $34 million, or 18%, when compared to 2013.  the significant increase in volume for carrier network products in north america and europe and an increase in worldwide enterprise network product volume were somewhat offset by price declines in fiber and cable products, $17 million of additional operating expenses driven by two small acquisitions and the absence of the inventory build we experienced in the first half of 2013.
the optical communications segment has a concentrated customer base.  in the year ended december 31, 2015, two customers, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for 22% of total segment net sales.  in the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, one customer, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment net sales, accounted for 11% and 10%, respectively, of total segment net sales.
corning expects sales in the first quarter of 2016 to increase in the low-to-mid-single digit percentage range over its sales in the comparable period a year ago.  for the full year, the company expects sales to increase by a mid-single-digit percentage and exceed the goal of two times the growth rate of industry capital expenditures.
corning index environmental technologies the following table provides net sales and net income for the environmental technologies segment and reconciles the non-gaap financial measures for the environmental technologies segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with gaap (in millions):
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                                                                                         1
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                    5                           (3)
core performance measures                         $1,053            $161        $1,092                 $183   $919                   $125
see "items excluded from gaap measures" above for the descriptions of the footnoted items.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, net sales of this segment decreased by $39 million, or 4%, when compared to the same period in 2014.  sales of automotive light-duty substrates declined driven almost entirely by the negative impact of movements in the euro exchange rate versus the u.s. dollar, partially offset by higher volume in north america and europe.  sales of diesel products also declined in these periods, driven by lower sales of light-duty diesel products in europe and the negative impact of the movements in the euro exchange rate, partially offset by higher volume for heavy duty diesel.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, negatively impacted net sales in the environmental technologies segment in 2015 in the amount of $57 million, when compared to the same period in 2014.
net income declined in the year ended december 31, 2015 by $17 million, or 10%, when compared to the same period last year, driven predominantly by lower sales, the unfavorable impact of the depreciation of the euro versus the u.s. dollar and facility expansion costs to support growth in china.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, negatively impacted net income in the environmental technologies segment in the amount of $21 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 when compared to the same period in 2014.
in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, net sales of this segment increased by $173 million, or 19%, when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by higher sales across all product lines.  driving the increase was higher demand for our heavy-duty diesel products propelled by new governmental regulations in europe and china and increased demand for class 8 vehicles in north america.  sales of light-duty diesel products also improved due to higher volume in europe.  automotive substrate product sales increased due to higher demand in europe and china.
when compared to the same period last year, net income in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 improved significantly, up $51 million, or 40%, driven by improvements in manufacturing efficiency and strong volume gains across both automotive and diesel product lines.  improving market conditions for heavy-duty diesel products in europe, china and north america and higher european sales of light-duty diesel products, combined with an increase in automotive vehicle builds, drove the increase.  higher costs associated with facility expansion projects and an increase in the pension mark-to-market adjustment somewhat offset the increase in net income.
the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact sales or net income of this segment in the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the same period in 2013.
corning index core performance
core earnings declined by $22 million, or 12%, in the year ended december 31, 2015, when compared to the same period last year, driven predominantly by lower sales, the unfavorable impact of the depreciation of the euro versus the u.s. dollar and facility expansion costs to support growth in china.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates versus the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro, negatively impacted net income in the environmental technologies segment in the amount of $21 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 when compared to the same period in 2014.
when compared to the same period last year, core earnings in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 increased by $58 million, or 46%, driven by improvements in manufacturing efficiency and strong volume gains across both automotive and diesel product lines.  improving market conditions for heavy-duty diesel products in europe, china and north america and higher european sales of light-duty diesel products, combined with an increase in automotive vehicle builds, drove the increase.  higher costs associated with facility expansion projects somewhat offset the increase in net income.
the environmental technologies segment sells to a concentrated customer base of catalyzer and emission control systems manufacturers, who then sell to automotive and diesel engine manufacturers.  although our sales are to the emission control systems manufacturers, the use of our substrates and filters is generally required by the specifications of the automotive and diesel vehicle or engine manufacturers.  for 2015, 2014 and 2013, net sales to three customers, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment sales, accounted for 86%, 88% and 87%, respectively, of total segment sales.  while we are not aware of any significant customer credit issues with our direct customers, our near-term sales and profitability would be impacted if any individual customers were unable to continue to purchase our products.
the north american heavy-duty truck market is down after several years of robust growth.  as a result, first-quarter sales are expected to decline by approximately 10%, compared with the same period last year. the full-year outlook is for sales to decline by a low single-digit percentage.
specialty materials the following table provides net sales and net income for the specialty materials segment and reconciles the non-gaap financial measures for the specialty materials segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with gaap (in millions):
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                                       14                            12                            12
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                                                           (2)
core performance measures                                    $1,107                 $178   $1,205                 $160   $1,170                 $194
*   in the first quarter of 2015, we changed the yen-to-dollar management rate from ¥93 to ¥99 to closely align with the yen-denominated hedges entered into for the years 2015 through 2017. prior periods presented have been recast based on the new rate.
see "items excluded from gaap measures" above for the descriptions of the footnoted items.
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased by $98 million, or 8%, when compared to the same period in 2014, primarily due to lower sales of advanced optics products.  this decline was driven by weakness in the semiconductor industry, delays in a large aerospace and defense program and the depreciation of the euro versus the u.s. dollar.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted net sales in the specialty materials segment in the amount of $12 million in 2015, when compared to the same period in 2014.
when compared to the same period last year, the increase in net income of $29 million, or 21%, in the year ended december 31, 2015 was driven by an increase in corning gorilla glass volume, improvements in manufacturing efficiency and lower operating expenses gained through cost reductions, offset somewhat by a decrease in sales of advanced optics products.  the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact net income of this segment in 2015 when compared to the same period in 2014.
net sales for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 in the specialty materials segment increased by $35 million, or 3%, when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by higher sales of our advanced optics and commercial optics products.  although corning gorilla glass volume increased by 23%, net sales remained consistent with the prior year, driven by an unfavorable shift in product mix and price declines.  additionally, although volume increased in 2014 when compared to 2013, the growth did not meet our expectations due to the flat market for tablets.
when compared to the same period last year, the decrease in net income of $43 million, or 24%, for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was driven by the absence of the inventory build we experienced in the first half of 2013, the write-off of a trade receivable balance in the amount of $8 million and price declines for corning gorilla glass.  partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in volume for both corning gorilla glass and advanced optics products and the impact of costs reductions as a result of restructuring actions.
the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact sales or net income of this segment in the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the same period in 2013.
core performance
when compared to the same period last year, core earnings increased by $18 million, or 11%, in the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by an increase in corning gorilla glass volume, improvements in manufacturing efficiency and lower operating expenses gained through cost reductions, offset somewhat by a decrease in sales of advanced optics products.
when compared to the same period last year, the decrease in core earnings of $34 million, or 18%, in the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 was driven by the absence of the inventory build we experienced in the first half of 2013, price declines for corning gorilla glass and higher production costs.  partially offsetting the decrease was an increase in volume for both corning gorilla glass and advanced optics products and the impact of costs reductions as a result of restructuring actions.
for 2015, 2014 and 2013, three customers of the specialty materials segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of segment sales, accounted for 56%, 51% and 47%,  respectively, of total segment sales.
first-quarter sales are expected to decline year over year by a mid-teen percentage.  for 2016, the company estimates annual sales will grow by a low-teen percentage when compared to 2015.  the variable timing of mobile device product launches drives corning gorilla glass demand and is expected to cause significant swings in quarterly results.
corning index life sciences the following table provides net sales and net income for the life sciences segment and reconciles the non-gaap financial measures for the life sciences segment with our financial statements presented in accordance with gaap (in millions):
restructuring, impairment and other charges (6)                                                           2                             3
pension mark-to-market adjustment (11)                                                                                                (3)
core performance measures                         $821                    $73   $862                    $83   $851                    $89
see "items excluded from gaap measures" above for the descriptions of the footnoted items.
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased by $41 million, or 5%, when compared to the same period last year, due to the negative impact of the strengthening of the u.s. dollar versus foreign currencies, which negatively impacted net sales by $43 million.  net income in the life sciences segment declined by $6 million, or 9%, when compared to the same period last year, with the negative impact from movements in foreign exchange rates in the amount of $14 million more than offsetting improvements in manufacturing efficiency.
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased by $11 million when compared to the same period in the prior year.  higher sales in north america and china, up $12 million and $5 million, respectively, were offset slightly by lower sales in australia.  net income remained relatively consistent when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by less favorable product mix and higher operating expenses which more than offset higher volume and lower acquisition-related costs due to the completion of the integration of discovery labware business.
the translation impact from movements in foreign currency exchange rates did not significantly impact sales or net income of this segment in the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the same period in 2013.
core performance
in the year ended december 31, 2015, core earnings in the life sciences segment declined by $10 million, or 12%, when compared to the same period last year, with the negative impact from movements in foreign exchange rates more than offsetting improvements in manufacturing efficiency.
core earnings decreased by $6 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, when compared to the same period in 2013, driven by less favorable product mix, offset somewhat by higher volume.
for 2015, 2014 and 2013, two customers in the life sciences segment, which individually accounted for more than 10% of total segment net sales, collectively accounted for 46%, 45% and 44%, respectively, of total segment sales.
first-quarter sales are expected to increase by a low single-digit percentage, compared with last year.  for the full year, sales are anticipated to grow faster than the market, which is expected to be up by a low single-digit percentage.
corning index all other all other segments that do not meet the quantitative threshold for separate reporting have been grouped as "all other."  this group is primarily comprised of the results of corning's pharmaceutical technologies business, which consists of a pharmaceutical glass business and a glass tubing business used in the pharmaceutical packaging industry.  this segment also includes corning precision materials' non-lcd business and new product lines and development projects such as laser technologies, advanced flow reactors and adjacency businesses in pursuit of thin, strong glass, as well as certain corporate investments such as eurokera and keraglass equity affiliates.
% change
research, development and engineering expenses        $186            $177            $116               5               53
equity earnings of affiliated companies                $17             $18           $(24)             (6)                *
*   percent change not meaningful
the increase in net sales of this segment in the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects the impact of an acquisition in the corning pharmaceutical technologies business completed in the fourth quarter of 2015 and an increase in sales in our emerging businesses.  the slight increase in the net loss of this segment was driven by a goodwill impairment loss of $29 million, offset by higher net income in the pharmaceutical technologies and corning precision materials' non-lcd businesses.
the increase in net sales of this segment in the year ended december 31, 2014 reflects the consolidation of the corning precision materials' non-lcd business as a result of the acquisition.  the increase in the net loss of this segment reflects higher spending for development projects which were not part of the segment in the year ended december 31, 2013.
liquidity and capital resources financing and capital structure the following items impacted corning's financing and capital structure during 2015, 2014 and 2013:
·   in the second quarter of 2015, we issued $375 million of 1.50% senior unsecured notes that mature on may 8, 2018 and $375 million of 2.90% senior unsecured notes that mature on may 15, 2022. the net proceeds of $745 million will be used for general corporate purposes. we can redeem these notes at any time, subject to certain customary terms and conditions.
·   in the third quarter of 2014, we amended and restated our existing revolving credit facility. the amended facility provides a $2 billion unsecured multi-currency line of credit and expires on september 30, 2019. at december 31, 2015, there were no outstanding amounts under this credit facility. the facility includes affirmative and negative covenants that corning must comply with, including a leverage (debt to capital ratio) financial covenant. as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all of the covenants.
·   in the first quarter of 2013, we amended and restated our then-existing revolving credit facility. the 2013 amended facility provided a $1 billion unsecured multi-currency line of credit that would have expired in march 2018. this facility was amended and restated by the $2 billion facility entered into in the third quarter of 2014.
·   in the first quarter of 2013, corning repaid the aggregate principal amount and accrued interest outstanding on the credit facility entered into in the second quarter of 2011 that allowed corning to borrow up to chinese renminbi (rmb) 4 billion. the total amount repaid was approximately $500 million. upon repayment, this facility was terminated.
·   in the second quarter of 2013, the company established a commercial paper program on a private placement basis, pursuant to which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion. under this program, the company may issue the notes from time to time and will use the proceeds for general corporate purposes. the maturities of the notes will vary, but may not exceed 390 days from the date of issue. the interest rates will vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by credit rating agencies at the time of issuance. the company's revolving credit facility is available to support obligations under the commercial paper program, if needed.
·   in the fourth quarter of 2013, we issued $250 million of 3.70% senior unsecured notes that mature on november 15, 2023. the net proceeds of approximately $248 million were used for general corporate purposes.
·   in the fourth quarter of 2013, we recorded a financing obligation in the approximate amount of $230 million for a new lcd glass substrate facility in china.
common stock dividends on february 3, 2016, corning's board of directors declared a 12.5% increase in the company's quarterly common stock dividend, which increased the quarterly dividend from $0.12 to $0.135 per share of common stock, beginning with the dividend to be paid in the first quarter of 2016.  this increase marks the fifth dividend increase since october 2011.  the board previously increased the quarterly dividend 20%, from $0.10 to $0.12, on december 3, 2014.  the company paid four quarterly dividends of $0.12 during the year ended december 31, 2015 and paid four quarterly dividends of $0.10 during the year ended december 31, 2014.
fixed rate cumulative convertible preferred stock, series a on january 15, 2014, corning designated a new series of its preferred stock as fixed rate cumulative convertible preferred stock, series a, par value $100 per share, and issued 1,900 shares of preferred stock at an issue price of $1 million per share, for an aggregate issue price of $1.9 billion, to samsung display in connection with the acquisition of its equity interests in samsung corning precision materials.  corning also issued to samsung display an additional 400 shares of fixed rate cumulative convertible preferred stock at closing, for an aggregate issue price of $400 million in cash.
dividends on the preferred stock are cumulative and accrue at the annual rate of 4.25% on the per share issue price of $1 million.  the dividends are payable quarterly as and when declared by the company's board of directors.  the preferred stock ranks senior to our common stock with respect to payment of dividends and rights upon liquidation.  the preferred stock is not redeemable except in the case of a certain deemed liquidation event, the occurrence of which is under the control of the company.  the preferred stock is convertible at the option of the holder and the company upon certain events, at a conversion rate of 50,000 shares of corning's common stock per one share of preferred stock, subject to certain anti-dilution provisions.  as of december 31, 2015, the preferred stock has not been converted, and none of the anti-dilution provisions have been triggered.  following the seventh anniversary of the closing of the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials, the preferred stock will be convertible, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder.  the company has the right, at its option, to cause some or all of the shares of preferred stock to be converted into common stock, if, for 25 trading days (whether or not consecutive) within any period of 40 consecutive trading days, the closing price of common stock exceeds $35 per share.  if the aforementioned right becomes exercisable before the seventh anniversary of the closing, the company must first obtain the written approval of the holders of a majority of the preferred stock before exercising its conversion right.  the preferred stock does not have any voting rights except as may be required by law.
customer deposits in december 2015, corning announced that with the support of the hefei government it will locate a gen 10.5 glass manufacturing facility in the hefei xinzhan general pilot zone in anhui province, china.  glass substrate production from the new facility is expected to support mass production of lcd panels for large-size televisions by the third quarter of 2018.
as part of this investment, corning and a chinese customer have entered into a long-term supply agreement that commits the customer to the purchase of gen 10.5 glass substrates from the corning manufacturing facility in hefei.  this agreement stipulates that the customer will provide a non-refundable cash deposit in the amount of approximately $400 million to corning to secure rights to an amount of glass that is produced by corning over the next 10 years.  corning received $197 million of this deposit in 2015 and will receive the additional $197 million in 2016.  as glass is shipped to the customer, corning will recognize revenue and issue credit memoranda to reduce the amount of the customer deposit liability, which are applied against customer receivables resulting from the sale of glass.  in 2015, there were no credit memoranda issued.
corning index capital spending capital spending totaled $1.3 billion in 2015, slightly above the amount spent in 2014.  spending in 2015 was driven primarily by the display technologies segment, and focused on finishing line optimization and tank rebuilds.  we expect our 2016 capital expenditures to be approximately $1.3 billion.  approximately $600 million will be allocated to our display technologies segment.
cash flows summary of cash flow data (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities   $2,809              $4,709              $2,787
net cash provided by operating activities decreased significantly in the year ended december 31, 2015, when compared to the same period last year, due to the absence of a special one-time dividend of $1,574 million received from samsung corning precision materials in the first quarter of 2014, lower net income and cash outflows from working capital movements, offset somewhat by the receipt of a $197 million customer deposit and the adjustment to net income related to gains on foreign currency hedges and other noncash operating adjustments.  cash outflows from working capital movements were largely driven by an increase in variable compensation paid in 2015 and an increase in inventory in the display technologies segment.
net cash used in investing activities decreased in the year ended december 31, 2015, when compared to the same period last year, due to net liquidations of short-term investments and an increase in realized gains on our foreign currency hedges related to translated earnings, offset by higher capital spending and several acquisitions that were completed in 2015.
net cash used in financing activities in the year ended december 31, 2015 increased slightly when compared to the same period last year, driven by an increase in share repurchases and the absence of cash received from the issuance of preferred stock, offset by proceeds received from the issuance of long-term debt and commercial paper.
net cash provided by operating activities increased significantly in the year ended december 31, 2014, when compared to the same period last year, due to a dividend of approximately $1,574 million received from samsung corning precision materials, an increase in net income of $511 million and the cash inflows from inventory movements.  although net inventory increased by $52 million due to the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials, which added $121 million, this inventory was acquired through the issuance of preferred stock.  cash outflows for inventory declined by $120 million in the display technologies and specialty materials segments in 2014 when compared to 2013, offset somewhat by an increase of approximately $50 million, driven by spending for new business development, and increases in the optical communications and life sciences segments.
net cash used in investing activities decreased slightly in the year ended december 31, 2014, when compared to the same period last year, driven by a decrease in investments in unconsolidated entities, the realized gains on our yen-denominated purchased collars and the absence of the premium paid for our yen-denominated purchased collars in 2013, offset by an increase in short-term investments.
net cash used in financing activities in the year ended december 31, 2014 increased when compared to the same period last year, driven by our share repurchase programs and the absence of the proceeds received in 2013 from the issuance of long-term debt, somewhat offset by cash received from the issuance of preferred stock and the absence of the retirement of long-term debt in the first quarter of 2013.
defined benefit pension plans we have defined benefit pension plans covering certain domestic and international employees.  our largest single pension plan is corning's u.s. qualified plan.  at december 31, 2015, this plan accounted for 77% of our consolidated defined benefit pension plans' projected benefit obligation and 86% of the related plans' assets.
corning index we have historically contributed to the u.s. qualified pension plan on an annual basis in excess of the irs minimum requirements.  in 2015, we made voluntary cash contributions of $65 million to our domestic defined benefit pension plan and $35 million to our international pension plans.  in 2014, we made voluntary cash contributions of $85 million to our domestic defined benefit pension plan and $45 million to our international pension plans.  in 2013, we did not contribute to our domestic defined benefit pension plan and contributed $5 million to our international pension plans.  although we will not be subject to any mandatory contributions in 2016, we anticipate making voluntary cash contributions of up to $62 million to our u.s. pension plan and up to $36 million to our international pension plans in 2016.
refer to note 13 (employee retirement plans) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
restructuring for the year ended december 31, 2015, we did not record significant restructuring, impairment and other charges or reversals.  cash expenditures for restructuring activities were $40 million.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded charges of $71 million for workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs for restructuring activities with total cash expenditures of approximately $39 million.
in the fourth quarter of 2013, corning implemented a global restructuring plan within several of our segments, consisting of workforce reductions, asset disposals and write-offs, and exit costs.  we recorded charges of $67 million associated with these actions, with total cash expenditures of $35 million.
refer to note 2 (restructuring, impairment and other charges) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
key balance sheet data balance sheet and working capital measures are provided in the following table (in millions):
working capital                                     $5,455             $7,914
trade accounts receivable, net of allowances        $1,372             $1,501
total debt to total capital                            19%                13%
credit ratings as of february 12, 2016, our credit ratings were as follows:
rating agency           rating           outlook long-term debt     last update
corning index management assessment of liquidity we ended the fourth quarter of 2015 with approximately $4.6 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments.  the company has adequate sources of liquidity and we are confident in our ability to generate cash to meet reasonably likely future cash requirements.  our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are held in various locations throughout the world and are generally unrestricted.  although approximately 71% of the consolidated amount was held outside of the united states at december 31, 2015, we have sufficient u.s. liquidity, including borrowing capacity, to fund foreseeable u.s. cash needs without requiring the repatriation of foreign cash.  we utilize a variety of financing strategies to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed.
to manage interest rate exposure, the company, from time to time, may enter into interest rate swap agreements.  in the first quarter of 2015, the interest rate swaps that were entered into in the fourth quarter of 2014 to hedge future interest payments from an anticipated debt issuance were settled prior to the issuance of the anticipated debt.  because the company continued to anticipate that the debt issuance would occur, it entered into two interest rate swap agreements in the first quarter of 2015 to hedge against the variability in cash flows due to changes in the benchmark interest rate related to an anticipated issuance.  the instruments were designated as cash flow hedges, and were settled on may 5, 2015.  concurrent with the settlement of the interest rate swap agreements, corning issued $375 million of 1.50% senior unsecured notes that mature on may 8, 2018 and $375 million of 2.90% senior unsecured notes that mature on may 15, 2022.
corning also has a commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $1 billion.  under this program, the company may issue the notes from time to time and will use the proceeds for general corporate purposes.  the maturities of the notes vary, but may not exceed 390 days from the date of issue.  the interest rates vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by credit rating agencies at the time of issuance.  the company's revolving credit facility is available to support obligations under the commercial paper program, if needed.  at december 31, 2015, we had a balance of $481 million in outstanding commercial paper under this program.
2013 repurchase program on october 31, 2013, as part of the share repurchase program announced on april 24, 2013 (the "2013 repurchase program"), corning entered into an accelerated share repurchase ("asr") agreement (the "2013 asr agreement") with jp morgan chase bank, national association, london branch ("jpmc").  under the 2013 asr agreement, corning agreed to purchase $1 billion of its common stock, in total, with an initial delivery by jpmc of 47.1 million shares based on the current market price, and payment of $1 billion made by corning to jpmc.  the payment to jpmc was recorded as a reduction to shareholders' equity, consisting of an $800 million increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial 47.1 million shares received upon execution, and a $200 million decrease in other-paid-in capital, which reflects the value of the stock held back by jpmc pending final settlement.  on january 28, 2014, the 2013 asr agreement was completed.  corning received an additional 10.5 million shares on january 31, 2014 to settle the 2013 asr agreement.  in total, corning purchased 57.6 million shares based on the average daily volume weighted-average price of corning's common stock during the term of the 2013 asr agreement, less a discount.
in addition to the shares repurchased through the 2013 asr agreement, we repurchased 61.3 million shares of common stock on the open market for approximately $1 billion, as part of the 2013 repurchase program.  this program was executed between the second quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014, with a total of 118.9 million shares repurchased for approximately $2 billion.
march 2014 repurchase program on march 4, 2014, as part of the $2 billion share repurchase program announced on october 22, 2013 and made effective concurrent with the closing of corning's acquisition of samsung corning precision materials on january 15, 2014 (the "march 2014 repurchase program"), corning entered into an asr agreement (the "2014 asr agreement") with citibank n.a. ("citi").  under the 2014 asr agreement, corning agreed to purchase $1.25 billion of its common stock, with an initial delivery by citi of 52.5 million shares based on the current market price, and payment of $1.25 billion made by corning to citi.  the 2014 asr agreement was completed on may 28, 2014, and corning received an additional 8.7 million shares to settle the 2014 asr agreement.  in total, corning repurchased 61.2 million shares based on the average daily volume weighted-average price of corning's common stock during the term of the 2014 asr agreement, less a discount.
in addition to the shares repurchased through the 2014 asr agreement, in the year ended december 31, 2014, we repurchased 36.9 million shares of common stock on the open market for approximately $750 million, as part of the march 2014 repurchase program.  this program was completed in the fourth quarter of 2014, with a total of 98.2 million shares repurchased for approximately $2 billion.
corning index december 2014 repurchase program on december 3, 2014, corning's board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $1.5 billion shares of common stock (the "december 2014 repurchase program") between the date of announcement and december 31, 2016.  in the year ended december 31, 2015, we repurchased 70.4 million shares of common stock for approximately $1.5 billion as part of the december 2014 repurchase program, which was completed in the third quarter of 2015.
2015 repurchase programs on july 15, 2015, corning's board of directors approved a $2 billion share repurchase program (the "july 2015 repurchase program") and on october 26, 2015 the board of directors authorized an additional $4 billion share repurchase program (together with the july 2015 repurchase program, the "2015 repurchase programs").  the 2015 repurchase programs permit corning to effect repurchases from time to time through a combination of open market repurchases, privately negotiated transactions, advance repurchase agreements and/or other arrangements.
on october 28, 2015, corning entered into an asr with morgan stanley & co. llc ("morgan stanley") to repurchase $1.25 billion of corning's common stock (the "2015 asr agreement").  the 2015 asr agreement was executed under the july 2015 repurchase program.  under the 2015 asr agreement, corning made a $1.25 billion payment to morgan stanley on october 29, 2015 and received an initial delivery of approximately 53.1 million shares of corning common stock from morgan stanley on the same day.  the payment to morgan stanley was recorded as a reduction to shareholders' equity, consisting of a $1 billion increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial 53.1 million shares received upon execution, and a $250 million decrease in other-paid-in capital, which reflects the value of the stock held back by morgan stanley pending final settlement.  on january 19, 2016, the 2015 asr agreement was completed.  corning received an additional 15.9 million shares on january 22, 2016 to settle the 2015 asr agreement.  in total, corning purchased 69 million shares based on the average daily volume weighted-average price of corning's common stock during the term of the 2015 asr agreement, less a discount.
in addition to the shares repurchased through the 2015 asr agreement, we repurchased 98 million shares of common stock on the open market for approximately $2 billion, as part of the december 2014 repurchase program and the july 2015 repurchase program, resulting in a total of 151 million shares repurchased during 2015.
other we complete comprehensive reviews of our significant customers and their creditworthiness by analyzing their financial strength at least annually or more frequently for customers where we have identified a measure of increased risk.  we closely monitor payments and developments which may signal possible customer credit issues.  we currently have not identified any potential material impact on our liquidity resulting from customer credit issues.
our major source of funding for 2016 and beyond will be our operating cash flow and our existing balances of cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and proceeds from any issuances of debt.  we believe we have sufficient liquidity for the next several years to fund operations, share repurchase programs, acquisitions, the asbestos litigation, research and development, capital expenditures, scheduled debt repayments and dividend payments.
corning also has access to a $2 billion unsecured committed revolving credit facility.  this credit facility includes a leverage ratio financial covenant.  the required leverage ratio, which measures debt to total capital, is a maximum of 50%.  at december 31, 2015, our leverage using this measure was 19% and we are in compliance with the financial covenant.
our debt instruments contain customary event of default provisions, which allow the lenders the option of accelerating all obligations upon the occurrence of certain events.  in addition, some of our debt instruments contain a cross default provision, whereby an uncured default in excess of a specified amount on one debt obligation of the company, also would be considered a default under the terms of another debt instrument.  as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all such provisions.
management is not aware of any known trends or any known demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that will result in or that are reasonably likely to result in a material increase or decrease in our liquidity.  in addition, other than items discussed, there are no known material trends, favorable or unfavorable, in our capital resources and no expected material changes in the mix and relative cost of such resources.
corning index purchased collars, zero-cost collars and average rate forwards in the first quarter of 2013, corning executed a series of purchased collars that expire quarterly across a two-year period to hedge its translation exposure resulting from movements in the japanese yen against the u.s. dollar.  beginning in the second quarter of 2013 and continuing throughout 2015, corning entered into a series of zero cost average rate collars and average rate forwards with no associated premium to hedge the translation impact of japanese yen on corning's projected 2015, 2016 and 2017 net income.  additionally, in january 2016, corning took advantage of the stronger yen to extend its foreign exchange hedging program to hedge a significant portion of its projected yen exposure for the period 2018 through 2022.  in the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded pre-tax net gains of $113 million, $1,406 million and $435 million, respectively, related to changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments.  included in these amounts are realized gains of $686 million, $280 million and $67 million, respectively.  the gross notional value outstanding for purchase collars and average rate forwards which hedge our exposure to the japanese yen at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $8.3 billion, $9.8 billion and $6.8 billion, respectively.
beginning in the second quarter of 2014, and continuing throughout 2015, we entered into a portfolio of zero-cost collars to hedge our translation exposure resulting from movements in the south korean won and its impact on our net earnings.  in the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we recorded a pre-tax net loss of $36 million and $37 million, respectively, related to changes in the fair value of these zero-cost collars.  included in these amounts are realized losses of $33 million and $6 million, respectively. these zero-cost collars have a gross notional value outstanding at december 31, 2015 and 2014 of $3.3 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively.
in the first quarter of 2015, in response to the significant strengthening of the u.s. dollar versus the euro, we entered into a portfolio of zero-cost collars and average rate forwards with an associated premium to hedge against our euro translation exposure.  in the year ended december 31 2015, we recorded a net pre-tax gain of $3 million.  these collars have a gross notional amount of $345 million at december 31, 2015.
these purchased collars, zero-cost collars, zero cost average rate collars and average rate forwards are not designated as accounting hedges, and changes in their fair value are recorded in earnings in the foreign currency hedge gain, net line of the consolidated statements of income.
off balance sheet arrangements off balance sheet arrangements are transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements with an unconsolidated entity for which corning has an obligation to the entity that is not recorded in our consolidated financial statements.
corning's off balance sheet arrangements include guarantee contracts.  at the time a guarantee is issued, the company is required to recognize a liability for the fair value or market value of the obligation it assumes.  in the normal course of our business, we do not routinely provide significant third-party guarantees.  generally, third-party guarantees provided by corning are limited to certain financial guarantees, including stand-by letters of credit and performance bonds, and the incurrence of contingent liabilities in the form of purchase price adjustments related to attainment of milestones.  these guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees are individually significant.
refer to note 14 (commitments, contingencies and guarantees) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
for variable interest entities, we assess the terms of our interest in each entity to determine if we are the primary beneficiary.  the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity is the party that absorbs a majority of the entity's expected losses, receives a majority of its expected residual returns, or both, as a result of holding variable interests, which are the ownership, contractual, or other pecuniary interests in an entity that change with changes in the fair value of the entity's net assets excluding variable interests.
corning has identified one entity that qualifies as a variable interest entity.  this entity is not considered to be significant to corning's consolidated statements of position.
corning does not have retained interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serve as credit, liquidity or market risk support to that entity.
corning index contractual obligations the amounts of our obligations follow (in millions):
amount of commitment and contingency expiration per period
1 year                   years                   years              thereafter performance bonds and guarantees                                        $92             $25                      $6                      $1                     $60
stand-by letters of credit (1)                                           47              44                                                                       3
subtotal of commitment expirations per period                          $184             $96                      $6                      $1                     $81
capital expenditure obligations (2)                                     298             298
capital leases and financing obligations (3)                            355               7                      10                       7                     331
imputed interest on capital leases and financing obligations            240              19                      37                      36                     148
subtotal of contractual obligation payments due by period (5)         8,251           1,209                   1,175                     983                   4,826
(1)   at december 31, 2015, $38 million of the $47 million was included in other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
(2)   capital expenditure obligations primarily reflect amounts associated with our capital expansion activities.
(4)   the estimate of interest payments assumes interest is paid through the date of maturity or expiration of the related debt, based upon stated rates in the respective debt instruments.
(5)   at december 31, 2015, $58 million was included on our balance sheet related to uncertain tax positions. of this amount, we are unable to estimate when any of that amount will become payable.
(6)   purchase obligations are enforceable and legally binding obligations which primarily consist of raw material and energy-related take-or-pay contracts.
we are required, at the time a guarantee is issued, to recognize a liability for the fair value or market value of the obligation it assumes.  in the normal course of our business, we do not routinely provide significant third-party guarantees.  generally, third-party guarantees provided by corning are limited to certain financial guarantees, including stand-by letters of credit and performance bonds, and the incurrence of contingent liabilities in the form of purchase price adjustments related to attainment of milestones.  these guarantees have various terms, and none of these guarantees are individually significant.
we believe a significant majority of these guarantees and contingent liabilities will expire without being funded.
environment corning has been named by the environmental protection agency (the agency) under the superfund act, or by state governments under similar state laws, as a potentially responsible party for 17 active hazardous waste sites.  under the superfund act, all parties who may have contributed any waste to a hazardous waste site, identified by the agency, are jointly and severally liable for the cost of cleanup unless the agency agrees otherwise.  it is corning's policy to accrue for its estimated liability related to superfund sites and other environmental liabilities related to property owned by corning based on expert analysis and continual monitoring by both internal and external consultants.  at december 31, 2015 and 2014, corning had accrued approximately $37 million (undiscounted) and $43 million (undiscounted), respectively, for its estimated liability for environmental cleanup and related litigation.  based upon the information developed to date, management believes that the accrued reserve is a reasonable estimate of the company's liability and that the risk of an additional loss in an amount materially higher than that accrued is remote.
corning index critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported therein.  the estimates that required us to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments, including future projections of performance and relevant discount rates, are set forth below.
impairment of assets held for use we are required to assess the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets when an indicator of impairment has been identified.  we review our long-lived assets in each quarter to assess whether impairment indicators are present.  we must exercise judgment in assessing whether an event of impairment has occurred.
manufacturing equipment includes certain components of production equipment that are constructed of precious metals, primarily platinum and rhodium.  these metals are not depreciated because they have very low physical losses and are repeatedly reclaimed and reused in our manufacturing process over a very long useful life.  precious metals are reviewed for impairment as part of our assessment of long-lived assets.  this review considers all of the company's precious metals that are either in place in the production process; in reclamation, fabrication, or refinement in anticipation of re-use; or awaiting use to support increased capacity.  precious metals are only acquired to support our operations and are not held for trading or other non-manufacturing related purposes.
examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairments include, but are not limited to:
·   a significant decrease in the market price of an asset;
·   a significant change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition;
·   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset, including an adverse action or assessment by a regulator;
·   an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of an asset;
·   a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of an asset; and
·   a current expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
for purposes of recognition and measurement of an impairment loss, a long-lived asset or assets is grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.  we must exercise judgment in assessing the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.  for the majority of our reportable segments, we concluded that locations or businesses which share production along the supply chain must be combined in order to appropriately identify cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.
for long-lived assets, when impairment indicators are present, we compare estimated undiscounted future cash flows, including the eventual disposition of the asset group at market value, to the assets' carrying value to determine if the asset group is recoverable.  this assessment requires the exercise of judgment in assessing the future use of and projected value to be derived from the assets to be held and used.  assessments also consider changes in asset utilization, including the temporary idling of capacity and the expected timing for placing this capacity back into production.  if there is an impairment, a loss is recorded to reflect the difference between the assets' fair value and carrying value.  this may require judgment in estimating future cash flows and relevant discount rates and residual values in estimating the current fair value of the impaired assets to be held and used.
for an asset group that fails the test of recoverability described above, the estimated fair value of long-lived assets is determined using an "income approach", "market approach", "cost approach", or a combination of one or more of these approaches as appropriate for the particular asset group being reviewed.  all of these approaches start with the forecast of expected future net cash flows including the eventual disposition at market value of long-lived assets, and also considers the fair market value of all precious metals if appropriate for the asset group being reviewed.  some of the more significant estimates and assumptions in our analysis include: market size and growth, market share, projected selling prices, manufacturing cost and discount rate.  our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our commercial relationships, and available external information about future trends.  we believe fair value assessments are most sensitive to market growth and the corresponding impact on volume and selling prices and that these are also more subjective than manufacturing cost and other assumptions.  the company believes its current assumptions and estimates are reasonable and appropriate.
corning index in the event the current net book value of an asset group is found to be greater than the net present value of the cash flows derived from the asset group, we determine the actual fair market value of long-lived assets with the assistance from valuation appraisals conducted by third parties.  the results of these valuations generally represent the fair market value of the asset group that will remain after any necessary impairment adjustments have been recorded.  the impairment charge will be allocated to assets within the asset group on a relative fair value basis.
at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, the carrying value of precious metals was higher than the fair market value by $976 million and $222 million, respectively.  these precious metals are utilized by the display technologies and specialty materials segments.  corning believes these precious metal assets to be recoverable due to the significant positive cash flow in both segments.  the potential for impairment exists in the future if negative events significantly decrease the cash flow of these segments.  such events include, but are not limited to, a significant decrease in demand for products or a significant decrease in profitability in our display technologies or specialty materials segments.
impairment of goodwill we are required to make certain subjective and complex judgments in assessing whether an event of impairment of goodwill has occurred, including assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of our reporting units.  we test for goodwill impairment at the reporting unit level and our reporting units are the operating segments or the components of operating segments which constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by segment management.
corning has recorded goodwill in the display technologies, optical communications, specialty materials, life sciences and all other operating segments.  on a quarterly basis, management performs a qualitative assessment of factors in each reporting unit within these operating segments to determine whether there have been any triggering events.  the two-step impairment test is required only if we conclude that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount.  we perform a detailed, two-step process every three years if no indicators suggest a test should be performed in the interim.  we use this calculation as quantitative validation of the step-zero qualitative process that is performed during the intervening periods and does not represent an election to perform the two-step process in place of the step-zero review.
the following summarizes our qualitative process to assess our goodwill balances for impairment:
·   we assess qualitative factors in each of our reporting units which carry goodwill to determine whether it is necessary to perform the first step of the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test.
·   the following events and circumstances are considered when evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount:
o   macroeconomic conditions, such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and/or other developments in equity and credit markets;
o   market capital in relation to book value;
o   industry and market considerations, such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, material loss in market share and significant declines in product pricing;
o   cost factors, such as an increase in raw materials, labor or other costs;
o   overall financial performance, such as negative or declining cash flows or a decline in actual or forecasted revenue;
o   other relevant entity-specific events, such as material changes in management or key personnel; and
o   events affecting a reporting unit, such as a change in the composition or carrying amount of its net assets including acquisitions and dispositions.
the examples noted above are not all-inclusive, and the company will consider other relevant events and circumstances that affect the fair value of a reporting unit in determining whether to perform the first step of the goodwill impairment test.
our two-step goodwill recoverability assessment is based on our annual strategic planning process.  this process includes an extensive review of expectations for the long-term growth of our businesses and forecasted future cash flows.  our valuation method is an "income approach" using a discounted cash flow model in which cash flows anticipated over several periods, plus a terminal value at the end of that time horizon, are discounted to their present value using an appropriate rate of return.  our estimates are based upon our historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships, and available external information about future trends.
corning index display technologies goodwill for the display technologies segment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is also the operating segment level consisting of two components.  for the purposes of the annual goodwill impairment assessment, we have aggregated these two components into one reporting unit based upon their similar economic characteristics.  on a quarterly basis in 2015, management performed a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been any triggering events which would indicate that the display technologies reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount.
in addition to assessing qualitative factors each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2015 for this reporting unit.  a discount rate of 5.8% and a growth rate of 1% were used in 2015.  the results of our impairment test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its book value by a significant amount, and as such, further goodwill impairment testing was not necessary.  we determined a range of discount rates between 3.8% and 7.8% and growth rates between 0% and 3% would not have affected our conclusion.
optical communications goodwill for the optical communications segment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is also the operating segment level consisting of two components..  for the purposes of the annual goodwill impairment assessment, we have aggregated these two components into one reporting unit based upon their similar economic characteristics.  on a quarterly basis in 2015, management performed a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been any triggering events which would indicate that the optical communications reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount.
in addition to assessing qualitative factors each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2015 for this reporting unit.  a discount rate of 5.6% and a growth rate of 3% were used in 2015.  the results of our impairment test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its book value by a significant amount, and as such, further goodwill impairment testing was not necessary.  we determined a range of discount rates between 3.6% and 7.6% and growth rates between 0% and 3% would not have affected our conclusion.
specialty materials goodwill for the specialty materials segment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is one level below an operating segment, as the goodwill is the result of transactions associated with a certain business within this operating segment.  on a quarterly basis in 2015, management performed a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been any triggering events which would indicate that the specialty materials reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount.
in addition to assessing qualitative factors each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2015 for this reporting unit.  a discount rate of 5.8% and a growth rate of 3% were used in 2015.  the results of our impairment test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its book value by a significant amount, and as such, further goodwill impairment testing was not necessary.  we determined a range of discount rates between 3.8% and 7.8% and growth rates between 0% and 3% would not have affected our conclusion.
life sciences goodwill for the life sciences segment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is also the operating segment level.  on a quarterly basis in 2015, management performed a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been any triggering events which would indicate that the life sciences reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount.
in addition to assessing qualitative factors each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2015 for this reporting unit.  a discount rate of 6% and a growth rate of 3% were used in 2015.  the results of our impairment test indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its book value by a significant amount, and as such, further goodwill impairment testing was not necessary.  we determined a range of discount rates between 4% and 8% and growth rates between 0% and 3% would not have affected our conclusion.
corning index all other all other segment is comprised of various operating segments and corporate investments that do not meet the quantitative threshold for separate reporting.  goodwill for the all other segment is tested at the reporting unit level, which is also the operating segment level.  for the purposes of the annual goodwill impairment assessment, we have identified two reporting units in this segment that require an assessment of their goodwill.  on a quarterly basis in 2015, management performed a qualitative assessment of factors and determined there had not been any triggering events which would indicate that the reporting units' fair value is less than the carrying amount.
in addition to assessing qualitative factors each quarter, we performed a quantitative goodwill recoverability test in 2015 for this reporting unit.  a discount rate of 7.4% and a growth rate of 3% were used in 2015.  the results of our impairment test indicated that the book value of one of the reporting units exceeded its fair value by 80%.  we determined a range of discount rates between 5.4% and 9.4% and growth rates between 0% and 3% would not have affected our conclusion.  corning concluded that a step 2 analysis was required to measure the impairment loss for this reporting unit.
our step 2 test consisted of identifying the underlying net assets in the reporting unit, allocating the implied purchase price to the asset and liabilities of the reporting unit and the calculation of the implied fair value of goodwill and the resulting impairment loss.  in december 2015, we recorded a goodwill impairment loss of $29 million related to this reporting unit.
restructuring charges and impairments resulting from restructuring actions we are required to assess whether and when a restructuring event has occurred and in which periods charges related to such events should be recognized.  we must estimate costs of plans to restructure including, for example, employee termination costs.  restructuring charges require us to exercise judgment about the expected future of our businesses, of portions thereof, their profitability, cash flows and in certain instances eventual outcome.  the judgment involved can be difficult, subjective and complex in a number of areas, including assumptions and estimates used in estimating the future profitability and cash flows of our businesses.
restructuring events often give rise to decisions to dispose of or abandon certain assets or asset groups which, as a result, require impairment.  we are required to carry assets to be sold or abandoned at the lower of cost or fair value.  we must exercise judgment in assessing the fair value of the assets to be sold or abandoned.
income taxes we are required to exercise judgment about our future results in assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets.  inherent in this estimation process is the requirement for us to estimate future book and taxable income and possible tax planning strategies.  these estimates require us to exercise judgment about our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies, and the economic environments in which we do business.  it is possible that actual results will differ from assumptions and require adjustments to allowances.
corning accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with fasb asc topic 740, income taxes.  as required under fasb asc topic 740, we only record tax benefits for technical positions that we believe have a greater than 50% likelihood of being sustained on their technical merits and then only to the extent of the amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement.  in estimating these amounts, we must exercise judgment around factors such as the weighting of the tax law in our favor, the willingness of a tax authority to aggressively pursue a particular position, or alternatively, consider a negotiated compromise, and our willingness to dispute a tax authorities assertion to the level of appeal we believe is required to sustain our position.  as a result, it is possible that our estimate of the benefits we will realize for uncertain tax positions may change when we become aware of new information affecting these judgments and estimates.
corning index equity method investments in october 2013, corning announced that it was entering into a series of strategic and financial agreements with samsung display which would result in corning obtaining full ownership of samsung corning precision materials.  as part of this agreement, in the fourth quarter of 2013, corning acquired the minority interests of three shareholders in samsung corning precision materials for $506 million, which included payment for the transfer of non-operating assets and the pro-rata portion of cash on samsung corning precision materials balance sheet at september 30, 2013.  the resulting transfer of shares to corning increased corning's ownership percentage of samsung corning precision materials from 50% to 57.5%.  because this transaction did not result in a change in control based on the governing articles of this entity, corning did not consolidate this entity as of december 31, 2013.  the remaining transactions were completed on january 15, 2014, which increased corning's ownership to 100% and resulted in consolidation of the entity beginning in the first quarter of 2014.  this organization was integrated into corning's display technologies segment in 2014.  refer to note 8 (acquisitions) to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
on december 11, 2015, corning announced its intention to exchange its 50% equity interest in dow corning corporation for 100% of the stock of a newly formed entity that will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of corning incorporated.  the newly formed entity will hold approximately 40% ownership in hemlock semiconductor group and approximately $4.8 billion in cash.  upon completion of this strategic realignment, which is expected to close during the first half of 2016, dow chemical, an equal owner of dow corning with corning since 1943, will assume 100% ownership of dow corning.
at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the carrying value of our equity method investments was $1.9 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, with our largest equity method investment, dow corning, comprising 78% and 74%, respectively, of the balance.  we review our equity method investments for indicators of impairment on a periodic basis or if events or circumstances change to indicate the carrying amount may be other-than-temporarily impaired.  when such indicators are present, we then perform an in-depth review for impairment.  an impairment assessment requires the exercise of judgment related to key assumptions such as forecasted revenue and profitability, forecasted tax rates, foreign currency exchange rate movements, terminal value assumptions, historical experience, our current knowledge from our commercial relationships, and available external information about future trends.  as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we have not identified any instances where the carrying values of our equity method investments were not recoverable.
fair value measures as required, corning uses two kinds of inputs to determine the fair value of assets and liabilities: observable and unobservable.  observable inputs are based on market data or independent sources, while unobservable inputs are based on the company's own market assumptions.  once inputs have been characterized, we prioritize the inputs used to measure fair value into one of three broad levels.  characterization of fair value inputs is required for those accounting pronouncements that prescribe or permit fair value measurement.  in addition, observable market data must be used when available and the highest-and-best-use measure should be applied to non-financial assets.  corning's major categories of financial assets and liabilities required to be measured at fair value are short-term and long-term investments, certain pension asset investments and derivatives.  these categories use observable inputs only and are measured using a market approach based on quoted prices in markets considered active or in markets in which there are few transactions.
derivative assets and liabilities may include interest rate swaps and forward exchange contracts that are measured using observable quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities.  included in our forward exchange contracts are foreign currency hedges that hedge our translation exposure resulting from movements in the japanese yen, south korean won and euro.  these contracts  are not designated as accounting hedges, and changes in their fair value are recorded in earnings in the foreign currency hedge gain, net line of the consolidated statements of income.  in arriving at the fair value of corning's derivative assets and liabilities, we have considered the appropriate valuation and risk criteria, including such factors as credit risk of the relevant party to the transaction.  amounts related to credit risk are not material.
corning index as a result of the acquisition of samsung corning precision materials in january 2014, the company has contingent consideration that was measured using unobservable (level 3) inputs.  this contingent consideration arrangement potentially requires additional consideration to be paid between the parties in 2018: one based on projections of future revenues generated by the business of corning precision materials for the period between the acquisition date and december 31, 2017, which is subject to a cap of $665 million; and another based on the volumes of certain sales during the same period, which is subject to a separate cap of $100 million.  the fair value of the potential receipt of the contingent consideration in 2018 in the amount of $196 million recognized on the acquisition date was estimated by applying an option pricing model using the company's projection of future revenues generated by corning precision materials.  changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration in future periods are valued using an option pricing model and are recorded in corning's results in the period of the change.
on december 29, 2015, corning and samsung display entered into an agreement pursuant to which corning exchanged the amount of contingent consideration in excess of $300 million (net present fair value: $246 million), as consideration for the incremental fair value associated with a number of commercial agreements, including the amendment of its long-term supply agreement with samsung display.  as of december 29, 2015, the net present fair value of the contingent consideration receivable was $458 million.  the net present fair value of the commercial benefit associated with the amended long-term supply agreement exceeds the value exchanged by corning pursuant to this agreement (net present fair value: $212 million).  consequently, corning reclassified this amount to the other asset line of the consolidated balance sheet and will amortize the amount over the remaining term of the long-term supply agreement as a reduction in revenue.
additionally, as a result of the acquisitions of ibwave solutions inc. and the fiber-optics business of samsung electronics co., ltd. in the first quarter of 2015, the company has contingent consideration that was measured using unobservable (level 3) inputs.  as of december 31, 2015, the fair value of the contingent consideration payable is $10 million.
there were no significant financial assets and liabilities measured on a nonrecurring basis during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015.
probability of litigation outcomes we are required to make judgments about future events that are inherently uncertain.  in making determinations of likely outcomes of litigation matters, we consider the evaluation of legal counsel knowledgeable about each matter, case law, and other case-specific issues.  see part ii - item 3. legal proceedings for a discussion of the material litigation matters we face.  the most significant matter involving judgment is the liability for asbestos litigation.  there are a number of factors bearing upon our potential liability, including the inherent complexity of a chapter 11 filing, our history of success in defending asbestos claims, our assessment of the strength of our corporate veil defenses, and our continuing dialogue with our insurance carriers and the claimants' representatives.  the proposed asbestos resolution (amended pcc plan) is subject to a number of contingencies.  as noted in part ii - item 3. legal proceedings, the district court's affirmation of the amended pcc plan faces objections by certain parties.  for these and other reasons, corning's liability for these asbestos matters may be subject to changes in subsequent quarters.  the estimate of the cost of resolving the non-pcc asbestos claims may also be subject to change as developments occur.  management continues to believe that the likelihood of the uncertainties surrounding these proceedings causing a material adverse impact to corning's financial statements is remote.
other possible liabilities we are required to make judgments about future events that are inherently uncertain.  in making determinations of likely outcomes of certain matters, including certain tax planning and environmental matters, these judgments require us to consider events and actions that are outside our control in determining whether probable or possible liabilities require accrual or disclosure.  it is possible that actual results will differ from assumptions and require adjustments to accruals.
pension and other postretirement employee benefits (opeb)
corning offers employee retirement plans consisting of defined benefit pension plans covering certain domestic and international employees and postretirement plans that provide health care and life insurance benefits for eligible retirees and dependents.  the costs and obligations related to these benefits reflect the company's assumptions related to general economic conditions (particularly interest rates), expected return on plan assets, rate of compensation increase for employees and health care trend rates.  the cost of providing plan benefits depends on demographic assumptions including retirements, mortality, turnover and plan participation.  while management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may affect corning's employee pension and other postretirement obligations, and current and future expense.
corning index costs for our defined benefit pension plans consist of two elements:  1) on-going costs recognized quarterly, which are comprised of service and interest costs, expected return on plan assets and amortization of prior service costs; and 2) mark-to-market gains and losses outside of the corridor, where the corridor is equal to 10% of the greater of the benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets at the beginning of the year, which are recognized annually in the fourth quarter of each year.  these gains and losses result from changes in actuarial assumptions for discount rates and the differences between actual and expected return on plan assets.  any interim remeasurements triggered by a curtailment, settlement or significant plan changes, as well as any true-up to the annual valuation, are recognized as a mark-to-market adjustment in the quarter in which such event occurs.
costs for our opeb plans consist of on-going costs recognized quarterly, and are comprised of service and interest costs, amortization of prior service costs and amortization of actuarial gains and losses.  we recognize the actuarial gains and losses resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions for discount rates as a component of stockholders' equity on our consolidated balance sheets on an annual basis and amortize them into our operating results over the average remaining service period of employees expected to receive benefits under the plans, to the extent such gains and losses are outside of the corridor.
prior to the december 31, 2015 valuation of its defined benefit pension and opeb plans, corning used the traditional, single weighted-average discount rate approach to develop the obligation, interest cost and service cost components of net periodic benefit cost for its defined benefit pension and opeb plans.  the individual spot rates from the yield curve are used in measuring the pension plan projected benefit obligation (pbo) or opeb plan accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (apbo) at the measurement date.  the benefit obligation is effectively calculated as the aggregate present value at the measurement date of each future benefit payment related to past service, with each payment discounted using a spot rate from a high-quality corporate bond yield curve that matches the duration of the benefit payment.  under corning's traditional, single weighted-average discount rate approach, a single weighted-average rate is developed from the approach described above and rounded to the nearest 25 basis points.  traditionally, the weighted-average discount rate is determined at the plan measurement date, based on the same projected future benefit payments used in developing the benefit obligation.  the traditional single weighted-average discount rate represents the constant annual rate that would be required to discount all future benefit payments related to past service from the date of expected future payment to the measurement date such that the aggregate present value equals the benefit obligation.
beginning with the december 31, 2015 valuation of its defined benefit pension and opeb plans, corning is changing its methodology of determining the service and interest cost components of net periodic pension and other postretirement benefit costs to a more granular approach.  under the new approach, the cash flows from each applicable pension and opeb plan are used to directly calculate the benefit obligation, service cost and interest cost using the spot rates from the applicable yield curve.
moving to a more granular approach has a limited impact on the determination of the respective benefit obligations.  the only impacts will be as a result of the elimination of the rounding of the discount rate that occurred in the traditional approach and the use of specific cash flows for corning's non-qualified pension plans, while separately applying the yield curve to each separate opeb plan instead of aggregating the opeb plan cash flows.  this change will result in a decrease in the interest cost and service cost components of net periodic pension and opeb costs.  for the year ended december 31, 2016, net periodic pension and opeb costs will be lower by approximately $28 million and $6 million, respectively, due to this change.  for corning's pension plans, this change will increase the immediate recognition of actuarial losses (or decrease the immediate recognition of actuarial gains), due to corning's previous election to immediately recognize actuarial gains and losses outside of the corridor.  for corning's opeb plans, this change will increase the accumulated other comprehensive income (aoci) account balance due to the accumulation of lower actuarial gains or higher actuarial losses.  over time, the amortization of the actuarial losses from aoci will begin to reduce the savings from the lower interest cost and service cost.
this change is a change in accounting estimate and therefore applied prospectively (beginning with the next measurement date of december 31, 2015).  no restatement of prior periods is required.
as of december 31, 2015, the projected benefit obligation (pbo) for u.s. pension plans was $3,161 million.
the following information illustrates the sensitivity to a change in certain assumptions for u.s. pension plans:
change in assumption                    effect on 2016       effect on pre-tax pension   december 31, 2015
25 basis point increase in expected return on assets   - 6 million the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time.  note that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear.  these changes in assumptions would have no effect on corning's funding requirements.
in addition, at december 31, 2015, a 25 basis point decrease in each spot rate would decrease stockholders' equity by $110 million before tax, and a 25 basis point increase in each spot rate would increase stockholders' equity by $105 million.  in addition, the impact of greater than a 25 basis point decrease in each spot rate would not be proportional to the first 25 basis point decrease in each spot rate.
the following table illustrates the sensitivity to a change in each spot rate assumption related to corning's u.s. opeb plans:
change in assumption             effect on 2016       effect on pre-tax opeb    december 31, 2015
*   accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (apbo).
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time.  note that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear.
corning index revenue recognition the company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned.  in certain instances, revenue recognition is based on estimates of fair value of deliverables as well as estimates of product returns, allowances, discounts, and other factors.  these estimates are supported by historical data.  corning also has contractual arrangements with certain customers in which we recognize revenue on a completed contract basis.  revenues under the completed-contract method are recognized upon substantial completion, defined as acceptance by the customer and compliance with performance specifications as agreed upon in the contract, which in certain instances require estimates and judgments in determining the timing of substantial completion of the contract.  while management believes that the estimates used are appropriate, differences in actual experience or changes in estimates may affect corning's future results.
share-based compensation share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period.  determining the fair value of stock-based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating expected dividends.  in addition, judgment is also required in estimating the amount of share-based awards that are expected to be forfeited.  if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, share-based compensation expense and our results of operations could be impacted.
new accounting standards refer to note 1 (summary of significant accounting policies) to the consolidated financial statements.
corning index forward-looking statements the statements in this annual report on form 10-k, in reports subsequently filed by corning with the securities and exchange commission (sec) on form 10-q and form 8-k, and related comments by management that are not historical facts or information and contain words such as "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "estimates," "forecasts," and similar expressions are forward-looking statements.  these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual outcome to be materially different.  such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:
-   global business, financial, economic and political conditions;
-   product demand and industry capacity;
-   competitive products and pricing;
-   availability and costs of critical components and materials;
-   new product development and commercialization;
-   order activity and demand from major customers;
-   fluctuations in capital spending by customers;
-   possible disruption in commercial activities due to terrorist activity, cyber attack, armed conflict, political or financial instability, natural disasters, or major health concerns;
-   effect of regulatory and legal developments;
-   ability to pace capital spending to anticipated levels of customer demand;
-   credit rating and ability to obtain financing and capital on commercially reasonable terms;
-   adequacy and availability of insurance;
-   financial risk management;
-   rate of technology change;
-   level of excess or obsolete inventory;
-   product and components performance issues;
-   retention of key personnel;
-   trends for the continued growth of the company's businesses;
-   the ability of research and development projects to produce revenues in future periods;
-   a downturn in demand or decline in growth rates for lcd glass substrates;
-   customer ability, most notably in the display technologies segment, to maintain profitable operations and obtain financing to fund their ongoing operations and manufacturing expansions and pay their receivables when due;
-   loss of significant customers;
-   fluctuations in supply chain inventory levels;
-   changes in tax laws and regulations;
-   changes in accounting rules and standards;
-   the potential impact of legislation, government regulations, and other government action and investigations;
-   temporary idling of capacity or delaying expansion;
-   the ability to implement productivity, consolidation and cost reduction efforts, and to realize anticipated benefits;
-   other risks detailed in corning's sec filings.