item 1a. risk factors the following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the following risks could materially adversely affect our business, our results of operations, our cash flows, our financial position and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this annual report on form 10-k.
we (1) may from time to time make written or oral forward-looking statements, including earnings guidance and other statements contained in filings with the sec, reports to security holders, press releases and investor webcasts. you can identify these forward-looking statements by use of words such as "strategy," "expects," "continues," "plans," "anticipates," believes," "will," "estimates," "forecasts," "intends," "projects," "goals," "objectives," "guidance," "targets" and other words of similar meaning. you can also identify them by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts.
we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may prove to be ___________________________________________________
1 this section uses the terms "we," "our" and "us" when it is not necessary to distinguish among altria group, inc. and its various operating subsidiaries or when any distinction is clear from the context.
inaccurate. should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. you should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements and whether to invest in or remain invested in altria group, inc.'s securities. in connection with the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, we are identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements made by us; any such statement is qualified by reference to the following cautionary statements. we elaborate on these and other risks we face throughout this document, particularly in the "business environment" sections preceding our discussion of the operating results of our subsidiaries' businesses in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations of this annual report on form 10-k ("item 7"). you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties. we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as required by applicable law.
unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria group, inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries.
legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened in various united states and foreign jurisdictions against altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries, including pm usa and ust and its subsidiaries, as well as their respective indemnitees. various types of claims may be raised in these proceedings, including product liability, consumer protection, antitrust, tax, contraband-related claims, patent infringement, employment matters, claims for contribution and claims of competitors and distributors.
litigation is subject to uncertainty and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. an unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. damages claimed in some tobacco-related or other litigation are significant and, in certain cases, range in the billions of dollars. the variability in pleadings in multiple jurisdictions, together with the actual experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrate that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little relevance to the ultimate outcome. in certain cases, plaintiffs claim that defendants' liability is joint and several. in such cases, altria group, inc. or its subsidiaries may face the risk that one or more co-defendants decline or otherwise fail to participate in the bonding required for an appeal or to pay their proportionate or jury-allocated share of a judgment.  as a result, altria group, inc. or its subsidiaries under certain circumstances may have to pay more than their proportionate share of any bonding- or judgment-related amounts. furthermore, in those cases where plaintiffs are successful, altria group, inc.
although pm usa has historically been able to obtain required bonds or relief from bonding requirements in order to prevent plaintiffs from seeking to collect judgments while adverse verdicts have been appealed, there remains a risk that such relief may not be obtainable in all cases. this risk has been substantially reduced given that 47 states and puerto rico now limit the dollar amount of bonds or require no bond at all. as discussed in note 18, contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 18"), tobacco litigation plaintiffs have challenged the constitutionality of florida's bond cap statute in several cases and plaintiffs may challenge state bond cap statutes in other jurisdictions as well. such challenges may include the applicability of state bond caps in federal court. although we cannot predict the outcome of such challenges, it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria group, inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries, could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome of one or more such challenges.
in certain litigation, pm usa faces potentially significant non-monetary remedies. for example, in the lawsuit brought by the united states department of justice, discussed in note 18, the district court did not impose monetary penalties but ordered significant non-monetary remedies, including the issuance of "corrective statements" in various media.
altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries have achieved substantial success in managing litigation. nevertheless, litigation is subject to uncertainty, and significant challenges remain.
it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria group, inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries, could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. altria group, inc. and each of its subsidiaries named as a defendant believe, and each has been so advised by counsel handling the respective cases, that it has valid defenses to the litigation pending against it, as well as valid bases for appeal of adverse verdicts. each of the companies has defended, and will continue to defend, vigorously against litigation challenges. however, altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries may enter into settlement discussions in particular cases if they believe it is in the best interests of altria group, inc. to do so. see item 3. legal proceedings of this annual report on form 10-k ("item 3"), note 18 and exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of pending tobacco-related litigation.
significant federal, state and local governmental actions, including actions by the fda, and various private sector actions may continue to have an adverse impact on our tobacco subsidiaries' businesses.
as described in tobacco space - business environment in item 7, pm usa faces significant governmental and private sector actions, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence of
tobacco use and efforts seeking to hold pm usa responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke. these actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking, have resulted in reduced cigarette industry volume, and we expect that these factors will continue to reduce cigarette consumption levels.
actions by the fda and other federal, state or local governments or agencies, including those specific actions described in tobacco space - business environment in item 7, may impact the consumer acceptability of tobacco products, limit adult tobacco consumer choices, delay or prevent the launch of new or modified tobacco products or products with claims of reduced risk, require the recall or other removal of tobacco products from the marketplace (for example as a result of product contamination or a determination by the fda that one or more tobacco products do not satisfy the statutory requirements for substantial equivalence), restrict communications to adult tobacco consumers, restrict the ability to differentiate tobacco products, create a competitive advantage or disadvantage for certain tobacco companies, impose additional manufacturing, labeling or packing requirements, interrupt manufacturing or otherwise significantly increase the cost of doing business, or restrict or prevent the use of specified tobacco products in certain locations or the sale of tobacco products by certain retail establishments. any one or more of these actions may have a material adverse impact on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria group, inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries. see tobacco space - business environment in item 7 for a more detailed discussion of these risks.
tobacco products are subject to substantial taxation, which could have an adverse impact on sales of the tobacco products of altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries.
tobacco products are subject to substantial excise taxes, and significant increases in tobacco product-related taxes or fees have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted within the united states at the state, federal and local levels. tax increases are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of the tobacco products of our tobacco subsidiaries through lower consumption levels and the potential shift in adult consumer purchases from the premium to the non-premium or discount segments or to other low-priced or low-taxed tobacco products or to counterfeit and contraband products. such shifts may have an adverse impact on the reported share performance of tobacco products of altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries. for further discussion, see tobacco space - business environment - excise taxes in item 7.
our tobacco businesses face significant competition and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of altria group, inc., or the business of altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries.
each of altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries operates in highly competitive tobacco categories. significant methods of competition include product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution and promotional activities.  a highly competitive environment could negatively impact the profitability, market share and shipment volume of our tobacco subsidiaries, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of altria group, inc.
pm usa also faces competition from lowest priced brands sold by certain united states and foreign manufacturers that have cost advantages because they are not parties to settlements of certain tobacco litigation in the united states. these settlements, among other factors, have resulted in substantial cigarette price increases. these manufacturers may fail to comply with related state escrow legislation or may avoid escrow deposit obligations on the majority of their sales by concentrating on certain states where escrow deposits are not required or are required on fewer than all such manufacturers' cigarettes sold in such states. additional competition has resulted from diversion into the united states market of cigarettes intended for sale outside the united states, the sale of counterfeit cigarettes by third parties, the sale of cigarettes by third parties over the internet and by other means designed to avoid collection of applicable taxes, and imports of foreign lowest priced brands. usstc faces significant competition in the smokeless tobacco category and has experienced consumer down-trading to lower-priced brands. in the cigar category, additional competition has resulted from increased imports of machine-made large cigars manufactured offshore.
altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions.
each of our tobacco and wine subsidiaries is subject to intense competition and changes in adult consumer preferences. to be successful, they must continue to:
▪   promote brand equity successfully;
▪   develop, manufacture, market and distribute products that appeal to adult consumers (including, where appropriate, through arrangements with, or investments in, third parties);
▪   improve productivity; and
see tobacco space - business environment - summary in item 7 for additional discussion concerning evolving adult tobacco consumer preferences, including increased consumer awareness of, and expenditures on, e-vapor products. continued growth of this product category could further contribute to reductions in cigarette consumption levels and cigarette industry sales volume
and could adversely affect the growth rates of other tobacco products.
the willingness of adult consumers to purchase premium consumer product brands depends in part on economic conditions. in periods of economic uncertainty, adult consumers may purchase more discount brands and/or, in the case of tobacco products, consider lower-priced tobacco products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries. our tobacco and wine subsidiaries work to broaden their brand portfolios to compete effectively with lower-priced products.
our financial services business (conducted through pmcc) holds investments in finance leases, principally in transportation (including aircraft), power generation and manufacturing equipment and facilities. its lessees are also subject to intense competition and economic conditions. if parties to pmcc's leases fail to manage through difficult economic and competitive conditions, pmcc may have to increase its allowance for losses, which would adversely affect our earnings.
altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers, which may have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams.
altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries have growth strategies involving moves and potential moves into adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products. some innovative tobacco products may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products, while continuing to offer adult tobacco consumers (within and outside the united states) products that meet their taste expectations and evolving preferences. examples include tobacco-containing and nicotine-containing products that reduce or eliminate exposure to cigarette smoke and/or constituents identified by public health authorities as harmful. these efforts may include arrangements with, or investments in, third parties. our tobacco subsidiaries may not succeed in these efforts, which would have an adverse effect on the ability to grow new revenue streams.
further, we cannot predict whether regulators, including the fda, will permit the marketing or sale of products with claims of reduced risk to consumers, the speed with which they may make such determinations or whether regulators will impose an unduly burdensome regulatory framework on such products. nor can we predict whether adult tobacco consumers' purchasing decisions would be affected by such claims if permitted. adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of such products.
if our tobacco subsidiaries do not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize innovative tobacco products or to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of products with claims of reduced risk, but one or more of their competitors do succeed, our tobacco subsidiaries may be at a competitive disadvantage.
significant changes in tobacco leaf price, availability or quality could have an adverse effect on the profitability and business of altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries.
any significant change in tobacco leaf prices, quality or availability could adversely affect our tobacco subsidiaries' profitability and business. for further discussion, see tobacco space - business environment - price, availability and quality of agricultural products in item 7.
because altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries rely on a few significant facilities and a small number of significant suppliers, an extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria group, inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries.
altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of significant suppliers. a natural or man-made disaster or other disruption that affects the manufacturing operations of any of altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries or the operations of any significant suppliers of any of altria group, inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries could adversely impact the operations of the affected subsidiaries. an extended disruption in operations experienced by one or more of altria group, inc.'s subsidiaries or significant suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of altria group, inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries.
altria group, inc. may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions.
our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. the tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that enjoy greater societal acceptance.  as a result, we may be unable to attract and retain the best talent.
acquisitions or other events may adversely affect altria group, inc.'s credit rating, and altria group, inc. may not achieve its anticipated strategic or financial objectives.
altria group, inc. from time to time considers acquisitions and may engage in confidential acquisition negotiations that are not publicly announced unless and until those negotiations result in a definitive agreement. although we seek to maintain or improve our credit ratings over time, it is possible that completing a given acquisition or the occurrence of other events could impact our credit ratings or the outlook for those ratings. any such change in ratings or outlook may negatively affect the amount of credit available to us and may also increase our costs and adversely affect our earnings or our dividend rate.
furthermore, acquisition opportunities are limited, and acquisitions present risks of failing to achieve efficient and effective integration, strategic objectives and anticipated revenue improvements and cost savings. there can be no assurance that we will be able to acquire attractive businesses on favorable terms, that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or that acquisitions will be quickly accretive to earnings.
disruption and uncertainty in the debt capital markets could adversely affect altria group, inc.'s access to the debt capital markets, earnings and dividend rate.
access to the debt capital markets is important for us to satisfy our liquidity and financing needs. disruption and uncertainty in the credit and debt capital markets and any resulting adverse impact on credit availability, pricing, credit terms or credit rating may negatively affect the amount of credit available to us and may also increase our costs and adversely affect our earnings or our dividend rate.
altria group, inc.'s reported earnings from and carrying value of its equity investment in sabmiller may be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates and other factors.
for purposes of financial reporting, the earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in sabmiller are translated into u.s. dollars from various local currencies. during times of a strengthening u.s. dollar against these currencies, our reported earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in sabmiller will be reduced because the local currencies will translate into fewer u.s. dollars. the earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in sabmiller are also subject to the risks encountered by sabmiller in its business.
altria group, inc. may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which would reduce earnings.
we periodically calculate the fair value of our reporting units and intangible assets to test for impairment. this calculation may be affected by several factors, including general economic conditions, regulatory developments, changes in category growth rates as a result of changing adult consumer preferences, success of planned new product introductions, competitive activity and tobacco-related taxes. if an impairment is determined to exist, we will incur impairment losses, which will reduce our earnings.
competition, unfavorable changes in grape supply and new governmental regulations or revisions to existing governmental regulations could adversely affect ste. michelle's wine business.
ste. michelle's business is subject to significant competition, including from many large, well-established domestic and international companies. the adequacy of ste. michelle's grape supply is influenced by consumer demand for wine in relation to industry-wide production levels as well as by weather and crop conditions, particularly in eastern washington. supply shortages related to any one or more of these factors could increase production costs and wine prices, which ultimately may have a negative impact on ste. michelle's sales. in addition, federal, state and local governmental agencies regulate the alcohol beverage industry through various means, including licensing requirements, pricing, labeling and advertising restrictions, and distribution and production policies. new regulations or revisions to existing regulations, resulting in further restrictions or taxes on the manufacture and sale of alcoholic beverages, may have an adverse effect on ste. michelle's wine business. for further discussion, see wine segment - business environment in item 7.
the failure of altria group, inc.'s information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyberattacks or security breaches, could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, reputational harm and significant costs.
altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries rely on information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret business data, comply with regulatory, financial reporting and tax requirements, engage in marketing and e-commerce activities, collect and store sensitive data and confidential information, and communicate internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. many of these information systems are managed by third-party service providers. we have implemented administrative, technical and physical safeguards, including testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, intended to protect our systems and data. however, because the techniques used in cyberattacks and security breaches change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. to date, interruptions of our information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on our operations. failure of our systems or service providers' systems to function as intended or cyberattacks or security breaches by parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes could result in loss of revenue, assets, personal data, intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive and confidential data, violation of applicable privacy and data security laws, damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands, legal challenges and significant remediation and other costs to altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries.
unfavorable outcomes of any governmental investigations could materially affect the businesses of altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries.
from time to time, altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries are subject to governmental investigations on a range of matters. we cannot predict whether new investigations may be commenced or the outcome of such investigations, and it is possible that our
business could be materially adversely affected by an unfavorable outcome of future investigations.
expanding international business operations subjects altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries to various united states and foreign laws and regulations, and violations of such laws or regulations could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and/or significant costs.
while altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries are primarily engaged in business activities in the united states, they do engage (directly or indirectly) in certain international business activities that are subject to various united states and foreign laws and regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and other laws prohibiting bribery and corruption.  although we have a code of conduct and a compliance system designed to prevent and detect violations of applicable law, no system can provide assurance that it will always protect against improper actions by employees or third parties. violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could result in reputational harm, legal challenges and/or significant costs.
ab inbev's proposed transaction to effect a business combination with sabmiller may not be completed within the anticipated time frame or at all, which could have a negative effect on the value of our equity investment in sabmiller.
as described in more detail in note 6, investment in sabmiller to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 ("note 6"), on november 11, 2015, ab inbev announced its firm offer to effect a business combination with sabmiller. the proposed transaction is subject to a number of closing conditions, including shareholder approvals of both sabmiller and ab inbev, and receipt of the required regulatory approvals. these conditions may not be satisfied or may take longer than expected to be satisfied. the transaction is also subject to other risks and uncertainties over which altria group, inc. has no control. we cannot provide any assurance that the proposed transaction will be completed or that there will not be a delay in the completion of the proposed transaction. if the transaction is not completed or is subject to a delay, the value of our investment in sabmiller could be adversely affected.
if ab inbev's proposed transaction to effect a business combination with sabmiller is completed, ab inbev may not achieve the intended benefits of the transaction, which could have a negative effect on our reported earnings from and carrying value of our equity investment in the combined company.
there can be no assurance that ab inbev will be able to successfully integrate sabmiller's business or otherwise realize the expected benefits of the proposed transaction. any of these outcomes could result in increased costs to the combined company and dilution to its shareholders, and could adversely affect the combined company's financial condition and altria group, inc.'s reported earnings from and carrying value of our investment in the combined company.
if ab inbev's proposed transaction to effect a business combination with sabmiller is completed, we will receive a substantial portion of our transaction consideration in the form of restricted shares. furthermore, the number of restricted shares we expect to receive is, under certain circumstances described below, subject to proration, which if it were to occur would decrease the number of restricted shares and increase the amount of cash that we receive in connection with the transaction. any cash we receive will be subject to taxation and to risks associated with changes in the value of the u.s. dollar versus the british pound.
altria group, inc. has committed to elect the partial share alternative ("psa") in the transaction. therefore, upon completion of the proposed transaction, we expect to receive a substantial portion of our transaction consideration in the form of shares that will be subject to certain limitations and restrictions, including a five-year restriction on sale or transfer, subject to limited exceptions. these transfer restrictions will require us to bear the risks associated with our investment in the combined company for a five-year period following completion of the proposed transaction. further, while we have committed to elect the psa in the transaction, our election is subject to proration to the extent that other sabmiller shareholders also elect this alternative and these elections exceed the maximum number of shares that ab inbev's firm offer makes available to those sabmiller shareholders that elect the psa. if we receive more cash and less equity consideration than we currently expect, we will be subject to additional tax liabilities, our percentage ownership of the combined company will be reduced and we may be unable to account for our investment under the equity method of accounting as we currently do for our investment in sabmiller.
in addition, the cash consideration we expect to receive will be denominated in british pounds. based on the british pound to u.s. dollar exchange rate on november 10, 2015, the trading day prior to the announcement of the proposed transaction, we anticipate receiving approximately $2.5 billion in pre-tax cash. we entered into a derivative financial instrument in the form of a put option to hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate movements. we are exposed to the risk of default by, or failure of, our counterparty financial institution to perform under the contractual obligation of the derivative financial instrument. in addition, as indicated above, we may receive more cash consideration than we anticipate because our election of the psa is subject to proration and, therefore, we may not be successful in effectively mitigating our foreign currency exchange rate risk on any additional cash proceeds above the $2.5 billion in pre-tax cash that we may receive. as a result of either of the above risks, altria group, inc. could incur a decrease in the amount of the gain recorded upon the completion of the ab inbev and sabmiller transaction.
if ab inbev's proposed transaction to effect a business combination with sabmiller is completed, our tax treatment of the transaction may be challenged.
while we expect the equity consideration that we receive in the transaction to qualify for tax-deferred treatment, we cannot provide any assurance that federal and state tax authorities will not challenge the expected tax treatment and, if they do, what the outcome of any such challenge will be. it is also possible that the tax treatment of the dividends altria group, inc. expects to receive from the combined company may not be as favorable as that applied to the dividends we receive from sabmiller.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of cautionary factors that may affect future results in item 1a.
description of the company at december 31, 2015, altria group, inc.'s wholly-owned subsidiaries included pm usa, which is engaged predominantly in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes in the united states; middleton, which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of machine-made large cigars and pipe tobacco, and is a wholly-owned subsidiary of pm usa; and ust, which through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, including usstc and ste. michelle, is engaged in the manufacture and sale of smokeless tobacco products and wine. altria group, inc.'s other operating companies included nu mark, a wholly-owned subsidiary that is engaged in the manufacture and sale of innovative tobacco products, and pmcc, a wholly-owned subsidiary that maintains a portfolio of finance assets, substantially all of which are leveraged leases. other altria group, inc. wholly-owned subsidiaries included altria group distribution company, which provides sales, distribution and consumer engagement services to certain altria group, inc. operating subsidiaries, and altria client services llc, which provides various support services in areas such as legal, regulatory, finance, human resources and external affairs, to altria group, inc. and its subsidiaries. in addition, nu mark and middleton use third-party contract manufacturing arrangements in the manufacture of their products. altria group, inc.'s access to the operating cash flows of its wholly-owned subsidiaries consists of cash received from the payment of dividends and distributions, and the payment of interest on intercompany loans by its subsidiaries. at december 31, 2015, altria group, inc.'s principal wholly-owned subsidiaries were not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or make other distributions with respect to their equity interests.
at december 31, 2015, altria group, inc. also held approximately 27% of the economic and voting interest of sabmiller, which altria group, inc. accounts for under the equity method of accounting. altria group, inc. receives cash dividends on its interest in sabmiller if and when sabmiller pays such dividends. on november 11, 2015, ab inbev announced its firm offer to effect a business combination with sabmiller in a cash and stock transaction. for further discussion, see note 6.
altria group, inc.'s reportable segments are smokeable products, smokeless products and wine. the financial services and the innovative tobacco products businesses are included in an all other category due to the continued reduction of the lease portfolio of pmcc and the relative financial contribution of altria group, inc.'s innovative tobacco products businesses to altria group, inc.'s consolidated results.
executive summary the following executive summary is intended to provide significant highlights of the discussion and analysis that follows.
consolidated results of operations the changes in altria group, inc.'s net earnings and diluted earnings per share ("eps") attributable to altria group, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2015, from the year ended december 31, 2014, were due primarily to the following:
2014 npm adjustment items             (56   )               (0.03   )
2014 asset impairment, exit, integration and acquisition-related costs              14                    0.01
2014 tobacco and health litigation items              28                    0.01
2014 loss on early extinguishment of debt              28                    0.02
2015 npm adjustment items              51                    0.03
2015 asset impairment, exit and integration costs              (9   )                   -
2015 tobacco and health litigation items             (94   )               (0.05   )
2015 loss on early extinguishment of debt            (143   )               (0.07   )
change in tax rate             (53   )               (0.03   )
see the discussion of events affecting the comparability of statement of earnings amounts in the consolidated operating results section of the following discussion and analysis.
▪   fewer shares outstanding: fewer shares outstanding during 2015 compared with 2014 were due primarily to shares repurchased by altria group, inc. under its share repurchase programs.
▪   change in tax rate: the change in tax rate was due primarily to decreased recognition of foreign tax credits associated with sabmiller dividends.
▪   operations: the increase of $470 million in operations shown in the table above was due primarily to the following:
partially offset by:
for further details, see the consolidated operating results and operating results by business segment sections of the following discussion and analysis.
2016 forecasted results in january 2016, altria group, inc. forecasted that its 2016 full-year adjusted diluted eps growth rate is expected to be in the range of 7% to 9% over 2015 full-year adjusted diluted eps. this forecasted growth rate excludes the net expenses in the table below. altria group, inc. expects that its 2016 full-year effective tax rate on operations will be 35.3%. this forecast does not include any impact from the anticipated ab inbev and sabmiller business combination, as the transaction remains subject to certain approvals and the closing date has not yet been determined. in addition, the factors described in item 1a represent continuing risks to this forecast.
npm adjustment items                               $-               $(0.03   )
asset impairment, exit and implementation costs1   0.05                  -
tobacco and health litigation items                -                  0.05
loss on early extinguishment of debt               -                  0.07