item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common stock or our senior notes which are listed on the nyse. the list of risk factors provided below is not exhaustive; there may be factors not discussed below or in this form 10-k that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects.
risks related to our business and industry damage to our reputation could damage our businesses.
maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, customers, investors and associates. if we fail to deal with, or appear to fail to deal with, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. these issues include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this item 1a, appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, recordkeeping, sales and trading practices, failure to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels, and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity, and market risks inherent in our products. a failure to maintain appropriate standards of service and quality, or a failure or perceived failure to treat customers and clients fairly, can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to our reputation. further, negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may also harm our future business prospects.
we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic conditions that impact the global financial markets.
we are engaged in various financial services businesses. as such, we are generally affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, including levels of economic output, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, consumer confidence levels, and fiscal and monetary policy. these conditions may directly and indirectly impact a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results, including trading levels, investing, and origination activity in the securities markets, security valuations, the absolute and relative level and volatility of interest and currency rates, real estate values, the actual and perceived quality of issuers and borrowers, and the supply of and demand for loans and deposits.
at times over the last several years we have experienced operating cycles during weak and uncertain u.s. and global economic conditions, including low levels of economic output, artificially maintained levels of historically low interest rates, relatively high rates of unemployment, and significant uncertainty with regards to fiscal and monetary policy both domestically and abroad. these
index conditions led to several changes in the global financial markets that from time to time negatively impacted our net revenue and profitability. while the global financial markets have showed general signs of improvement, uncertainty remains. a period of sustained downturns and/or volatility in the securities markets, prolonged continuation of the artificially low level of short term interest rates, a return to increased dislocations in the credit markets, reductions in the value of real estate, and other negative market factors could significantly impair our revenues and profitability. we could experience a decline in commission revenue from a lower volume of trades we execute for our clients, a decline in fees from reduced portfolio values of securities managed on behalf of our clients, a reduction in revenue from the number and size of transactions in which we provide underwriting, financial advisory and other services, increased credit provisions and charge-offs, losses sustained from our customers' and market participants' failure to fulfill their settlement obligations, reduced net interest earnings, and other losses. these periods of reduced revenue and other losses could be accompanied by periods of reduced profitability because certain of our expenses including but not limited to our interest expense on debt, rent, facilities and salary expenses are fixed and, our ability to reduce them over short periods of time is limited.
u.s. markets may also be impacted by political and civil unrest occurring in the middle east and in eastern europe and russia. concerns about the european union's ("eu") sovereign debt in recent years, including the greek government bailout, has caused uncertainty and disruption for financial markets globally. continued uncertainties loom over the outcome of the eu's financial support programs and the possibility exists that other eu member states may experience similar financial troubles in the future. any negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from these matters could adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity.
our businesses and earnings are affected by the fiscal and other policies adopted by various regulatory authorities of the united states, foreign governments, and domestic and international agencies. the fed regulates the supply of money and credit in the united states. fed policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. the market impact from such policies can also materially decrease the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities. changes in fed policies are beyond our control and, consequently, the impact of these changes on our activities and results of our operations are difficult to predict. we may also be indirectly impacted by fiscal and monetary policy enacted in various global markets.
u.s. state and local governments also continue to struggle with budget pressures caused by the ongoing less than optimal economic environment and ongoing concerns regarding municipal issuer credit quality. if these trends continue or worsen, investor concerns could potentially reduce the number and size of transactions in which we participate and, in turn, reduce investment banking revenues. in addition, such factors could adversely affect the value of the municipal securities we hold in our trading securities portfolio.
rj bank is particularly affected by economic conditions in north america. market conditions in the united states and canada can be assessed through the following metrics: the level and volatility of interest rates; the rates of unemployment and under-employment; real estate prices; the level of consumer confidence; changes in consumer spending; and the number of personal bankruptcies, among others. the deterioration of these factors can diminish loan demand, lead to an increase in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, affect loan repayment performance and result in higher reserves and net charge-offs, which can adversely affect our earnings.
lack of liquidity or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition.
maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity, or the amount of capital that is readily available for investment, spending, or to meet our contractual obligations, is essential to our business. our inability to maintain adequate levels of capital in the form of cash and readily available access to the credit and capital markets could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. if liquidity from our brokerage or banking operations is inadequate or unavailable, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, including limiting our efforts to recruit additional financial advisors, selling assets at prices that may be less favorable to us, and cutting or eliminating the dividends we pay to our shareholders. some potential conditions that could negatively affect our liquidity include the inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash in the form of dividends from earnings, changes imposed by regulators to our liquidity or capital requirements in our subsidiaries that may prevent the upstream of dividends in the form of cash to the parent company, limited or no accessibility to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings by our subsidiaries, diminished access to the capital markets for our company, and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, or regulatory sanctions.
the availability of outside financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on a variety of factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector, and our credit ratings. our cost and availability of funding may be adversely
index affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease to provide, funding to borrowers as a result of future concerns over the strength of specific counterparties, as well as the stability of markets generally.
if our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our relationships with clients. such a reduction in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our incremental borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets, trigger obligations under certain financial agreements, or decrease the number of investors, clients and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability.
we may not be able to successfully obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. the impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions (see note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for such information as of september 30, 2015). a credit downgrade would also result in rjf incurring a higher commitment fee on any unused balance on its $300 million revolving credit facility executed on august 6, 2015, in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade (see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - sources of liquidity" for information on this revolving credit facility).
furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to a prohibition or to limitations on our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our stock. the occ, the fed, the fdic, and the sec (through finra) have the authority, and under certain circumstances the duty, to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the subsidiaries to their parent, for the subsidiaries they supervise.
see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" in this report for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk.
we are exposed to market risk.
we are, directly and indirectly, affected by changes in market conditions. market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. for example, changes in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest spread, the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, which in turn impacts our net interest income and earnings. changes in interest rates could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities. in our brokerage operations, a rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread. conversely in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread. if we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading account assets and liabilities, derivatives, and venture capital and private equity investments. market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, relative exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer.
in addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. the inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition and liquidity.
our venture capital and private equity investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. the value of our private equity portfolios can fluctuate and earnings from our venture capital investments can be volatile and difficult to predict. when, and if, we recognize gains can depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest, when these companies go public, the size of our position relative to the public float and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions. further, our investments could incur significant mark-to-market losses, especially if they have been written up in prior periods because of higher market prices.
index see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing market risk.
we are exposed to credit risk.
we are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their performance obligations due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others.
we actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers market making and underwriting businesses, which exposes us to credit risk. although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face the risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. we also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives in our trading accounts. deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans, or the non-performance of issuers and counterparties to certain derivative contracts could result in trading losses.
we borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other broker-dealers, and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and/or resell securities as part of investing and financing activities. a sharp change in the security market values utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments.
we manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits, as well as by monitoring collateral and transaction levels on a daily basis. a significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to concerns in the market about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk exposure. we may require counterparties to deposit additional collateral or substitute collateral pledged. in the case of aged securities failed to receive, we may, under industry regulations, purchase the underlying securities in the market and seek reimbursement for any losses from the counterparty.
also, we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. during periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the purchaser's indebtedness. if the clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. this may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.
we deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. a failure of a depository institution to return these deposits could severely impact our operating liquidity, result in significant reputational damage, and adversely impact our financial performance.
we also incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals through the offering of: c&i loans, commercial and residential mortgage loans, tax-exempt loans, home equity lines of credit, and margin and non-purpose loans collateralized by securities, among others. we incur credit risk through our investments, which include mbs, collateralized mortgage obligations, auction rate securities, and other municipal securities.
our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. the deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies or pandemics, acts of terrorism, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional loan loss provisions and/or charges-offs, or credit impairment of our investments, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital.
declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to write down the value of some of the loans in rj bank's portfolio, foreclose on certain real estate properties or write down the value of some of our available for sale securities portfolio. credit quality generally may also be affected by adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our debtors or deterioration in the strength of the u.s. economy. our policies also can adversely affect borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans or satisfy their obligations to us.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing credit risk.
index our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts by our asset management subsidiaries, and on advisory fees.
a large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds and variable annuities. changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly affect our revenues, business and financial condition. in addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fee revenue from the investment management and distribution services we provide on behalf of the mutual funds and annuities. the investment management fees we are paid may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition, renegotiation of contracts and the introduction of new, lower-priced investment products and services. changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would affect our revenues, business and financial condition. asset management fees often are primarily comprised of base management and incentive fees. management fees are primarily based on assets under management ("aum"). aum balances are impacted by net inflow/outflow of client assets and market values. below-market investment performance by our funds and portfolio managers could result in a loss of managed accounts and could result in reputational damage that might make it more difficult to attract new investors and thus further impact our business and financial condition. if we were to experience the loss of managed accounts, our fee revenue would decline. in addition, in periods of declining market values, our asset values under management may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our fee revenues.
our underwriting, market-making, trading, and other business activities place our capital at risk.
we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities which we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels. as an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite. as a market maker, we may own positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. in addition, we may incur losses as a result of proprietary positions we hold in connection with our market making or underwriting activities.
from time to time and as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. sudden changes in the value of these positions could impact our financial results.
we have made and may continue to make principal investments in private equity funds and other illiquid investments, which are typically private limited partnership interests and securities that are not publicly traded. there is risk that we may be unable to realize our investment objectives by sale or other disposition at attractive prices or that we may otherwise be unable to complete a desirable exit strategy. in particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the portfolio companies in which investments are made, changes in economic conditions or changes in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions. it could take a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities and then to realize the cash value of such investments through resale. even if a private equity investment proves to be profitable, it may be several years or longer before any profits can be realized in cash.
the soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us.
we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities transactions. as a result of the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. any failure, termination or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients and manage our exposure to risk.
our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty or other relationships. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. furthermore, although we do not hold any eu sovereign debt, we may do business with and be exposed to financial institutions that have been affected by the eu sovereign debt circumstances. defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. although we have not suffered any material or significant losses
index as a result of the failure of any financial counterparty, any such losses in the future may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
we have experienced increased pricing pressures in areas of our business which may impair our future revenue and profitability.
our business continues to experience increased pricing pressures on trading margins and commissions in fixed income and equity trading. in the fixed income market, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to increased price competition and decreased trading margins. in the equity market, we have experienced increased pricing pressure from institutional clients to reduce commissions, and this pressure has been augmented by the increased use of electronic and direct market access trading, which has created additional competitive downward pressure on trading margins. we believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions or margins.
under the definitive stock purchase agreement, dated january 11, 2012, entered into by rjf and regions, governing our acquisition of morgan keegan (the "spa"), regions has ongoing obligations to continue to indemnify rjf with respect to certain litigation as well as other matters. specifically, the terms of the spa provide that regions will indemnify rjf for losses incurred in connection with legal proceedings pending as of the closing date, april 2, 2012, or commenced thereafter and related to pre-closing matters that are received prior to april 2, 2015, as well as any cost of defense pertaining thereto. rjf is relying on regions to continue fulfilling its indemnification obligations under the spa with respect to such matters. our inability to enforce these indemnification provisions, or our failure to recover losses for which we are entitled to be indemnified, could result in our incurring significant costs for defense, settlement, and any adverse judgments, and resultantly have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and our regulatory capital levels.
see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information regarding the indemnification from regions.
growth of our business could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks.
integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. we may incur significant expenses in connection with further expansion of our existing businesses, or recruitment of financial advisors, or in connection with strategic acquisitions or investments, if and to the extent they arise from time to time. our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the revenues that are derived from such investment or growth.
expansion may also create a need for additional compliance, documentation, risk management and internal control procedures, and often involves the hiring of additional personnel to monitor such procedures. to the extent such procedures are not adequate to appropriately monitor any new or expanded business, we could be exposed to a material loss or regulatory sanction.
moreover, to the extent we pursue strategic acquisitions, we may be unable to complete such acquisitions on acceptable terms, or be unable to successfully integrate the operations of any acquired business into our existing business. such acquisitions could be of significant size and/or complexity. this effort, together with difficulties we may encounter in integrating an acquired business, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, we may need to raise equity capital or borrow to finance such acquisitions, which could dilute our shareholders or increase our leverage. any such borrowings might not be available on terms as favorable to us as our current borrowings, or perhaps at all.
we are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our financial advisors and associates, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), location and reputation in relevant markets. over time there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. see the section entitled "competition" of item 1 of this report for additional information about our competitors.
we compete directly with national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, and commercial banks, and to a lesser extent, with discount brokers and dealers and investment advisors. in addition, we face competition from more recent
index entrants into the market and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. we also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms and hedge funds, among others. this competition could cause our business to suffer.
to remain competitive, our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop and enhance our products and services. the inability to develop new products and services, or enhance existing offerings, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability. in addition, we may incur substantial expenditures to keep pace with the constant changes and enhancements being made in technology, including improvements made to internet connectivity, networking and telecommunications systems.
our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business.
our ability to develop and retain our client base depends on the reputation, judgment, business generation capabilities and skills of our senior professionals, particularly our managing directors, and the members of our executive committees, as well as employees and financial advisors. to compete effectively we must attract, retain and motivate qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue producing or specialized personnel. the reputations and relationships of our senior professionals with our clients are a critical element in obtaining and executing client engagement. competitive pressures we experience could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
turnover in the financial services industry is high. the cost of retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has escalated considerably. employers in the industry are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation. these can be important factors in a current employee's decision to leave us as well as a prospective employee's decision to join us. as competition for skilled professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attracting and retaining qualified personnel. to the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our employees which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional employees at compensation levels that are not within our target range. in particular, our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any upfront loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. if we were to lose the services of any of our investment bankers, senior equity research, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a new or existing competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. if we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues.
moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. we have been subject to several such claims in the past and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel, some of whom may currently be working for our competitors. some of these claims may result in material litigation. we could incur substantial costs in defending ourselves against these claims, regardless of their merits. such claims could also discourage potential employees who currently work for our competitors from joining us.
we are exposed to operational risk.
our diverse operations expose us to risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, external events, including technological or connectivity failures either at the exchanges in which we do business or between our data center, operations processing sites or our branches. our businesses depend on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of complex transactions across numerous and diverse markets. the inability of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions could also constrain our ability to expand our businesses. our financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. operational risk exists in every activity, function or unit of our business, and can take the form of internal or external fraud, employment and hiring practices, an error in meeting a professional obligation, or failure to meet corporate fiduciary standards. it is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if our employees engage in misconduct, our businesses would be adversely affected. operational risk also exists in the event of business disruption, system failures or failed transaction processing. third parties with which we do business could also be a source of operational risk, including with respect to breakdowns or failures of the systems or misconduct by the employees of such parties. in addition as we change processes or introduce new products and services, we may not fully appreciate
index or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. increasing use of automated technology has the potential to amplify risks from manual or system processing errors, including outsourced operations.
our existing business contingency plan is intended to ensure that we have the ability to recover our critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff and technology, in the event of a systemic business interruption. despite the diligence we have applied to the development and testing of our plans, due to unforeseen factors, our ability to conduct business may in any case be adversely affected by a disruption involving physical site access, catastrophic events including weather related events, events involving electrical, environmental or communications malfunctions, as well as events impacting services provided by others that we rely upon which could impact our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing operational risk.
there have been a number of highly-publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by associates in the financial services industry, and there is a risk that our associates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. for example, our banking business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. if our associates were to improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. we are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. in addition our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice and discretionary asset management. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our associates would adversely affect our clients and us. it is not always possible to deter associate misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if our associates engage in misconduct, our business would be adversely affected.
our businesses depend on technology.
our businesses rely extensively on electronic data processing and communications systems. in addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. there are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems; address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; and retain skilled information technology employees. failure of our technology systems, which could result from events beyond our control, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients, violations of applicable privacy and other applicable laws and regulatory sanctions.
the expectations of sound operational and informational security practices have risen among our clients and customers, the public at large and regulators. thus, our operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions, cyberattacks and breakdowns. our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. although cyber security incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyberattacks or other information security breaches. however, there can be no assurances that we will not suffer such losses in the future. despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code and other events that could have an impact on the security and stability of our operations.
notwithstanding the precautions taken by us and measures put in place, if one or more of these events were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, including that of our clients and counterparties, which is processed, stored in and transmitted through our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our clients and counterparties. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to make required notifications.
index we may also be subject to litigation and financial losses that are neither insured nor covered under any of our current insurance policies. a technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators.
extraordinary trading volumes beyond reasonably foreseeable spikes could cause our computer systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail entirely. while we have invested resources to maintain the reliability and scalability of our systems and maintain hardware to address extraordinary volumes, there can be no assurance that our systems will be sufficient to handle truly extraordinary and unforeseen circumstances. systems failures and delays could occur and could cause, among other things, unanticipated disruptions in service to our clients or slower system response times, resulting in client dissatisfaction due to transactions not being processed as quickly as desired.
in providing services to clients, we may manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. as a result, we may be subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as u.s. federal and state laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information and international laws. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. if any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. in addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. potential liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant. depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches for managing these types of operational risks.
our operations could be adversely affected by serious weather conditions.
certain of our principal operations are located in st. petersburg, florida. while we have a business continuity plan that permits significant operations to be conducted out of our southfield, michigan and memphis, tennessee locations and our information systems processing to be conducted out of our information technology data center in the denver, colorado area, our operations could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other serious weather conditions that could affect the processing of transactions, communications, and the ability of our associates to get to our offices, or work from home. refer to the "we are exposed to credit risk" risk factor in this item 1a for a discussion of how events, including weather events, could adversely impact rj bank's loan portfolio. refer to the "we are exposed to operational risk" risk factor in this item 1a for a discussion of how weather-related events could impact our ability to conduct business.
we are exposed to litigation risks, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of liability arising out of the normal course of business. we have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations involving primarily claims for damages. the risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. unauthorized or illegal acts of our associates could result in substantial liability. the failure of our advisors to fully understand investor needs or risk tolerances may result in the recommendation or purchase of a portfolio of assets that may not be suitable for the investor. to the extent we fail to fully understand our clients or improperly advise them, we could be found liable for losses suffered by such clients, which could harm our business. our private client group business segment has historically been more susceptible to litigation than our institutional businesses.
in highly volatile markets, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions has historically increased. these risks include potential liability under securities laws or other laws for: alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions; issues related to the suitability of our investment advice based on our clients' investment objectives; the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions; contractual issues; employment claims; and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and future business prospects.
in addition to the foregoing financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending individual litigation and claims continue to increase over time. the amount of outside attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation and claims could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
index with regard to morgan keegan, a number of the types of claims and matters described above arising prior to our acquisition, that are received prior to april 2, 2015, are subject to indemnification from regions. refer to the separate risk factor in this section entitled "regions may fail to honor its indemnification obligations associated with morgan keegan matters" for a discussion of the risks associated with these indemnifications.
see item 3, "legal proceedings" in this report for a discussion of our legal matters and item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for a discussion regarding our approach to managing legal risk.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results and new accounting standards could adversely affect future reported results.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. such estimates and assumptions may require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. one of our most critical estimates is rj bank's allowance for loan losses. at any given point in time, conditions in the real estate and credit markets may increase the complexity and uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in rj bank's loan portfolio. if management's underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, one outcome could be that the allowance for loan losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. our financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates," in this report for additional information on the nature of these estimates.
our financial instruments, including certain trading assets and liabilities, available for sale securities including auction rate securities ("ars"), certain loans, intangible assets and private equity investments, among other items, require management to make a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our consolidated financial statements. where quoted market prices are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means, which ultimately rely to some degree on our subjective judgment. some of these instruments and other assets and liabilities may have no direct observable inputs, making their valuation particularly subjective and, consequently, based on significant estimation and judgment. in addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain securities may make it more difficult to value certain items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment, as well as declines in our earnings in subsequent periods.
our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. the financial accounting standards board (the "fasb") and the sec have at times revised the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. in addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. for further discussion of some of our significant accounting policies and standards, see the "critical accounting estimates" discussion within item 7 in this report, and note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
in december 2012, the fasb issued a proposed standard on accounting for credit losses. the standard would replace multiple existing impairment models, including the replacement of the "incurred loss" model for loans with an "expected loss" model. the fasb announced it will establish the effective date when it issues the final standard. we cannot predict when a final standard will be issued, when it will be made effective, what its final provisions will encompass, or the potential impact its eventual adoption may have on our retained earnings.
our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk.
we seek to manage, monitor and control our operational, legal and regulatory risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be fully effective. our banking and trading processes seek to balance our ability to profit from banking and trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. while we utilize limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate unforeseen economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes.
index further, our risk management methods may not effectively predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. in addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate. a failure to adequately manage our growth, or to effectively manage our risk, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
financial services firms are subject to numerous conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts, all of which are under growing scrutiny by federal and state regulators in the united states. our risk management processes include addressing potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. we have procedures and controls in place to address conflicts of interest. management of potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities through numerous transactions, obligations and interests with and among our clients. the actual or perceived failure to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect our reputation, the willingness of clients to transact business with us or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause material harm to us.
for more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks, see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report.
we are exposed to risk from international markets.
we do business in other parts of the world, including a few developing regions commonly known as emerging markets, and as a result, are exposed to a number of risks, including economic, market, litigation and regulatory risks. our businesses and revenues derived from non-u.s. operations are subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, less established regulatory regimes, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative, economic and political developments. action or inaction in any of these operations, including failure to follow proper practices with respect to regulatory compliance and/or corporate governance, could harm our operations and our reputation. we also invest or trade in the securities of corporations located in non-u.s. jurisdictions. revenues from the trading of non-u.s. securities also may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the abovementioned factors. the impact of these fluctuations could be magnified because non-u.s. trading markets, particularly in emerging market countries, are generally smaller and less developed, less liquid and more volatile than u.s. trading markets. additionally, a political, economic or financial disruption in a country or region could adversely impact our business and increase volatility in financial markets generally.
we have risks related to our insurance programs.
our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of a combination of insurance, self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks, including most significantly: property and casualty, workers' compensation, errors and omissions liability, general liability and the portion of employee-related health care benefits plans we fund, among others.
while we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage that is appropriate to our assessment of risk, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. our business may be negatively affected if in the future our insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. in addition, insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business.
risks related to our regulatory environment financial services firms have been subject to increased regulatory scrutiny over the last several years, increasing the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions.
firms in the financial services industry have been operating in an onerous regulatory environment, which will become even more stringent in light of recent well-publicized failures of regulators to detect and prevent fraud. the industry has experienced increased scrutiny from a variety of regulators, including the sec, the fed, the occ and the cfpb, in addition to stock exchanges, finra and state attorneys general. penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially over the last several years. we may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and sros. each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many different aspects of financial services, including, but not limited to, the authority to fine us and to grant, cancel, restrict or otherwise impose conditions on the right to continue operating particular businesses. for example, the failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the exchange act on broker-dealers and the investment advisers act of 1940 on investment advisers, including recordkeeping, advertising and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities,
index or by the investment company act of 1940 (the "1940 act"), could result in investigations, sanctions and reputational damage. we also may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the sec, other u.s. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or sros (e.g., finra) that supervise the financial markets. substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action taken against us could harm our business prospects through adverse financial effects and reputational harm.
changes in regulations resulting from either the dodd-frank act or any new regulations or laws may affect our businesses.
the market and economic conditions over the past several years have directly led to a demand by the public for changes in the way the financial services industry is regulated, including a call for more stringent legislation and regulation in the united states and abroad. the dodd-frank act enacted sweeping changes and an unprecedented increase in the supervision and regulation of the financial services industry (see item 1, "regulation," in this report for a discussion of such changes, including the volcker rule). the ultimate impact that the dodd-frank act will have on us, the financial industry and the economy at large cannot be specifically ascertained until all of the implementing regulations called for under the legislation have been finalized and fully implemented. nevertheless, it is apparent that these legislative and regulatory changes could affect our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, impact the value of our assets, require us to alter at least some of our business practices, impose additional costs, and otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
the dodd-frank act impacts the manner in which we market our products and services, manage our business and operations, and interact with regulators, all of which could materially impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. certain provisions of the dodd-frank act that have or may impact our businesses include: the establishment of a fiduciary standard for broker-dealers; regulatory oversight of incentive compensation; the imposition of capital requirements on financial holding companies and to a lesser extent, greater oversight over derivatives trading; and restrictions on proprietary trading. there is also increased regulatory scrutiny (and related compliance costs) as we continue to grow and surpass certain thresholds established under the dodd-frank act. these include, but are not limited to, rj bank's oversight by the cfpb. the cfpb has been active in investigating products, services, and operations of credit providers, including banks, for compliance with various consumer protection laws, such as the truth in lending act, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair credit reporting act, and the real estate settlement procedures act. any actions taken by the cfpb could result in requirements to alter or cease offering affected products and services, make them less attractive, and restrict our ability to offer them, in addition to increasing our regulatory and compliance costs. to the extent the dodd-frank act impacts the operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements of unaffiliated financial institutions with whom we transact business, those institutions may seek to pass on increased costs, reduce their capacity to transact, or otherwise present inefficiencies in their interactions with us.
in december 2013, the final version of the volcker rule was adopted (see item 1, "regulation," in this report for discussion of the volcker rule) and became effective april 1, 2014. we were required to comply with the volcker rule's provisions starting on july 21, 2015. although we have not historically engaged in significant levels of proprietary trading for our own trading account, due to our underwriting and market making activities, the volcker rule will likely adversely affect our results of operations through increased operational and compliance costs, possible reductions in our trading revenues, and changes to our principal capital private equity investments.
the basel iii capital standards will impose additional capital and other requirements on us that could decrease our competitiveness and profitability.
in july 2013, the fed, the occ and the fdic released final u.s. basel iii regulatory capital rules, which implemented the global regulatory capital reforms of basel iii and certain changes required by the dodd-frank act. these rules increase the quantity and quality of regulatory capital, establish a capital conservation buffer, and make selected changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets. the regulatory capital rule became effective for us january 1, 2015, subject to a phase-in period for several of its provisions, including the new minimum capital ratio requirements, the capital conservation buffer, and the regulatory capital adjustments and deductions. the increased capital requirements could restrict our ability to grow during favorable market conditions or require us to raise additional capital. as a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects could be adversely affected. we continue to evaluate the impact of the capital rules on both rj bank and rjf.
index failure to comply with regulatory capital requirements primarily applicable to rjf, rj bank or our broker-dealer subsidiaries would significantly harm our business.
rjf and rj bank are subject to various regulatory and capital requirements administered by various federal regulators, and, accordingly, must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of rjf and rj bank's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. the capital amounts and classification for both rjf and rj bank are also subject to qualitative judgments by u. s. federal regulators based on components of our capital, risk-weightings of assets, off-balance sheet transactions, and other factors. quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require rjf and rj bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total and tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, tier 1 capital to average assets (as defined in the regulations), and under rules defined in basel iii, common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could harm either rjf or rj bank's operations and our financial condition.
as more fully discussed in item 1, "regulation," in this report, rjf is required to perform annual stress tests using certain scenarios provided by the fed. while we believe that both the quality and magnitude of our capital base is sufficient to support our current operations given our risk profile, the results of the stress testing process may affect our approach to managing and deploying capital.
additionally, as rjf is a holding company, it depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund payments of its obligations, including debt service. we are subject to the sec's uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) and finra's net capital rule, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. the uniform net capital rule sets the minimum level of net capital that a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a portion of its assets be relatively liquid. finra may prohibit a member firm from expanding its business or paying cash dividends if resulting net capital falls below its requirements. in addition, our canada-based broker-dealer subsidiary is subject to similar limitations under applicable regulation in that jurisdiction by iiroc. regulatory capital requirements applicable to some of our significant subsidiaries may impede access to funds the holding company needs to make payments on any such obligations.
see note 26 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on regulations and capital requirements.
we operate in a highly regulated industry in which future developments could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
the securities industry is subject to extensive and constantly changing regulation, and broker-dealers and investment advisors are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including, but not limited to, sales and trading methods, trade practices among broker-dealers, use and safekeeping of clients' funds and securities, capital structure of securities firms, anti-money laundering efforts, recordkeeping, and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. a violation of any of these laws or regulations could subject us to: civil and criminal liability; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries' registrations as investment advisors or broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. any of those events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects.
the majority of our affiliated financial advisors are independent contractors. legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our relationships with our advisors and our business, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we are subject to financial holding company regulatory reporting requirements, including the maintenance of certain risk-based regulatory capital levels that could impact various capital allocation decisions of one or more of our businesses. a failure to satisfy the risk-based regulatory capital levels could require us to halt certain activities permitted under the bank holding company act of 1956. however, due to our strong current capital position, we do not anticipate that these capital level requirements will have any negative impact on our future business activities. see the section entitled "business - regulation" of item 1 in this report for additional information.
as a financial holding company, we are regulated by the fed. rj bank is regulated by the occ, the fed, the cfpb, and the fdic. this oversight includes, but is not limited to, scrutiny with respect to affiliate transactions and compliance with consumer regulations. the economic and political environment over the past several years has caused increased attention on the regulation of the financial services industry, including many proposals for new rules. any new rules issued by u.s. regulators that oversee the financial services industry could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our
index business, financial condition, and results of operations. we also may be adversely affected as a result of changes in federal, state, or foreign tax laws, or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations.
the sec has proposed certain measures that would establish a new framework to replace the requirements of rule 12b-1 under the 1940 act, with respect to how mutual funds pay fees to cover the costs of selling and marketing their shares.  the staff of the sec's office of compliance, inspections and examinations has indicated that it is reviewing the use of fund assets to pay for fees to sub-transfer agents and sub-administrators for services that may be deemed to be distribution-related. any adoption of such measures would be phased in over a number of years.  as these measures are neither final nor undergoing implementation throughout the financial services industry, their impact cannot be predicted at this time.  as this regulatory trend continues, it could adversely affect our operations and, in turn, our financial results.
asset management businesses have experienced a number of highly publicized regulatory inquiries, which have resulted in increased scrutiny within the industry and new rules and regulations for mutual funds, investment advisors, and broker-dealers. as some of our wholly owned subsidiaries are registered as investment advisors with the sec, increased regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in augmented operational and compliance costs, or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. it is not possible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations, or initiatives that may be proposed, or whether any of the proposals will become law. conformance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect the manner in which we conduct business. for example, pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the sec was charged with considering whether broker-dealers should be subject to a standard of care similar to the fiduciary standard applicable to registered investment advisors. it is not clear whether the sec will determine that a heightened standard of conduct is appropriate for broker-dealers; however, any such standard, if mandated, would likely require us to review our product and service offerings and implement certain changes, as well as require that we incur additional regulatory costs in order to ensure compliance.
in addition, the u.s. and foreign governments have recently taken regulatory actions impacting the investment management industry, and may continue to take further actions, including expanding current or enacting new standards, requirements and rules that may be applicable to us and our subsidiaries. for example, several states and municipalities in the united states have recently adopted "pay-to-play" rules, which could limit our ability to charge advisory fees. such "pay-to-play" rules could affect the profitability of that portion of our business. additionally, the use of "soft dollars," where a portion of commissions paid to broker-dealers in connection with the execution of trades also pays for research and other services provided to advisors, is periodically reexamined and may in the future be limited or modified. a substantial portion of the research relied on by our investment management business in the investment decision making process is generated internally by our investment analysts and external research, including external research paid for with soft dollars. this external research generally is used for information gathering or verification purposes, and includes broker-provided research, as well as third party provided databases and research services. if the use of soft dollars is limited, we may have to bear some of these additional costs. furthermore, new regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products may impact our investment management business and result in increased costs. for example, many regulators around the world adopted disclosure and reporting requirements relating to the hedge fund businesses or other businesses, and changes to the laws, rules and regulations in the united states related to the over-the-counter swaps and derivatives markets require additional registration, recordkeeping and reporting obligations.
see the section entitled "business - regulation" within item 1 in this report for additional information regarding our regulatory environment and item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report regarding our approaches to managing regulatory risk. regulatory actions brought against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
rj bank is subject to the community reinvestment act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to penalties.
the cra, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair housing act and other u.s. federal fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. the u.s. department of justice and other federal agencies, including the cfpb, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. a successful challenge to an institution's performance under the cra or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity and restrictions on expansion activity. private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution's performance under fair lending laws by bringing private class action litigation.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of our operations and financial condition. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. where "nm" is used in various percentage change computations, the computed percentage change has been determined not to be meaningful.
executive overview we operate as a financial services and bank holding company. results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to the general overall strength of economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the u.s. equity and fixed income markets, the corporate and mortgage lending markets and commercial and residential credit trends.  overall market conditions, interest rates, economic, political and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control.  these factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants which include investors, borrowers, and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. these factors also impact the level of public offerings, trading profits, interest rate volatility and asset valuations, or a combination thereof.  in turn, these decisions and factors affect our business results.
for the sixth consecutive year we achieved record net revenues for the fiscal year, $5.2 billion in fiscal year 2015, a $339 million, or 7%, increase compared to the prior year. all four operating segments achieved record levels of net revenues. total client assets under administration increased to $480 billion at september 30, 2015, a 1% increase over the prior year level. the increase in assets under administration is attributable to strong financial advisor recruiting results and high levels of retention of our existing financial advisors, which more than offset the decline in the u.s. equity markets for the year (primarily occurring in our fourth fiscal quarter).
we also achieved a record level of net income of $502 million, an increase of $22 million, or 5%, compared to the prior year. three of our four operating segments achieved record levels of profitability. fully diluted earnings per share of $3.43 increased $0.11, or 3%, over the prior year amount.
non-interest expenses increased $278 million, or 7%, compared to the prior year. the increase is primarily due to the increase in compensation, commissions and benefits expenses associated with the increased revenues. in addition, as a result of various growth strategies across our businesses, we experienced an increase in our business development expenses. our strategic efforts during the year to continually improve the technology available to our financial advisors, as well as the additional costs of compliance with various new rules and regulations impacting our industry, are factors impacting an increase in our communications and information processing expenses. the provision for loan losses increased significantly year over year, as the prior year benefited to a greater extent than the current year, from improved credit characteristics of the loan portfolio. the combination of the above noted factors, even after consideration of the incremental expenses resulting from activities associated with the strategic growth initiatives that should favorably impact future revenues, resulted in a pre-tax margin on net revenues of 15.3%, a level that is nearly equivalent to the 15.4% pre-tax margin on net revenues in the prior year.
a summary of the most significant items impacting our financial results as compared to the prior year are as follows:
   our private client group segment generated record net revenues of $3.5 billion, a $228 million, or 7%, increase over the prior year. pre-tax income also established a record at $342 million, a $12 million, or 4%, increase over the prior year. the increase in revenues is primarily attributable to increased securities commissions and fee revenues, predominately arising from fee-based accounts, as well as an increase in mutual fund and annuity service fee revenues. client assets under administration of the private client group increased 1% over the prior year level, to $453.3 billion at september 30, 2015. the increase in commission revenues and client assets have resulted primarily from successful recruiting of financial advisors, and high levels of financial advisor retention. we had our second best financial advisor recruiting year ever in fiscal year 2015 with a net increase of 331 financial advisors over the year to 6,596 affiliated financial advisors as of september 30, 2015. there was an overall net increase in client assets despite the impact of the decline in the market value of assets that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 as a result of declining equity market conditions. commission expenses increased in proportion to the increase in commission revenues while all other components of non-interest expense increased 5% as we incurred increases in certain costs associated with the successful recruiting efforts and continued information system improvements. on july 31, 2015, we completed our
index acquisition of the producers choice, llc ("tpc"), a private insurance and annuity marketing organization based in troy, michigan. our acquisition of tpc brings more life insurance and annuity experts to the firm to support financial advisors and their clients.
   the capital markets segment generated record net revenues of $960 million, a $7 million, or 1%, increase over the prior year. pre-tax income was $107 million, a decrease of $24 million, or 18%, compared to the prior year. fiscal year 2015 reflected new record levels of merger and acquisition fees and tax credit fund syndication fees. commission revenues from fixed income institutional sales increased over the prior year level, resulting in part from growth in our public finance activities. however, equity underwriting revenues declined compared to the prior year as a result of weakness in both the energy and real estate sectors, which also led to a decline in commission revenues on equity products. the net profit generated by this segment was negatively impacted by increased costs, some of which result from our efforts during the year to broadly build out certain sector capabilities and to increase investment banking coverage in certain sectors, which we believe present solid long-term opportunities for future revenue growth. the continued difficult market environment in canada negatively impacted this segment's revenues and profitability.
   our asset management segment generated record net revenues of $392 million, a $23 million, or 6%, increase over the prior year. pre-tax income was a record $135 million, a $7 million, or 5%, increase over the prior year. financial assets under management increased 1% from the prior year, to $65.2 billion as of september 30, 2015. the increase resulted from net inflows of client assets, which more than offset the unfavorable impact of the decline in the market value of assets that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 as a result of declining equity market conditions. on april 30, 2015, we completed our acquisition of cougar global investments limited ("cougar"), an asset management firm based in toronto, canada that markets its investment services to high net worth individuals, families, foundations, trusts and institutions in canada and the united states.
   rj bank generated record net revenues of $414 million, a $63 million, or 18%, increase over the prior year. pre-tax income was a record $279 million, a $36 million, or 15% increase, over the prior year. net interest income increased due to growth in average loans outstanding, coupled with a modest increase in net interest margin. our provision for loan losses increased $10 million, or 74% compared to the prior year. we incurred substantial provision for loan losses associated with loan growth in both years, however the majority of the year-over-year increase resulted from the prior year benefiting to a greater extent than the current year, from improved credit characteristics of the loan portfolio. the credit characteristics of the loan portfolio generally improved over the year, reflecting the positive impact of improved economic conditions.
   activities in our other segment resulted in a pre-tax loss that was $19 million less than the prior year. net revenues in this segment increased $25 million, resulting from increases in revenues associated with our private equity portfolio investments, and an increase in gains resulting from our auction rate securities portfolio sales and redemption activities. as a result of the increase in private equity investment revenues, the portion of this segment's pre-tax income that is attributable to noncontrolling interests also increased.
   our fiscal year 2015 effective tax rate was 37.1%, up from the 35.8% in the prior year. as a result of the fiscal year 2015 decline in equity market values compared to positive markets in fiscal year 2014, the change in the amount of our non-taxable gains/losses arising from the value of our company-owned life insurance portfolio had the effect of increasing our effective tax rate by 1.2% compared to the prior year effective tax rate.
consistent with our growth strategies, we completed two acquisitions during the year, cougar and tpc. we continue to evaluate future opportunities, but remain committed to our strategy that our acquisitions must meet our strategic growth objectives, involve entities that share our culture of conservatism and "client-first" values, and be executed at purchase prices that provide us opportunities to increase our shareholders' value.
during the year we implemented the new basel iii regulatory capital rules, a change which did not have a significant impact on our regulatory capital ratios. we have published the results of the 2015 dodd-frank act mandated stress test, the results of which indicated that both rjf and rj bank have sufficient capital to successfully navigate a severe and prolonged economic downturn while still maintaining capital levels that exceed both regulatory requirements and higher management thresholds throughout the course of the severely adverse scenario.
the volume of possible regulatory changes that impact the businesses in which we operate continues to grow and evolve. regulatory rule-making activities that have arisen during the year include the dol proposed rule enhancing standards for individuals providing investment advice to retirement plans, their participants, or beneficiaries. we are continuing our study and evaluation of the proposal. the total impact of the standard, once finalized and implemented, on our business is unknown at this
index time. we continue to monitor the impact of proposed future legislation while implementing new regulations. we presently do not expect currently enacted legislation to have a significant adverse direct impact on our operations as a whole, however, we continue to evaluate the specific impacts of each.
we achieved record net revenues of $4.9 billion in fiscal year 2014, a $376 million or 8%, increase compared to the prior year. the increase generated by our on-going operations is even greater than that amount after factoring in the $74 million of revenue reflected in fiscal year 2013 that was associated with a private equity investment we sold in that year. all four operating segments achieved record levels of net revenues. total client assets under administration increased to $475 billion at september 30, 2014, a 12% increase over the prior year level.
we also achieved a record level of net income in fiscal year 2014, to $480 million, an increase of $113 million, or 31%, compared to the prior year. three of our four operating segments achieved record levels of profitability. fully diluted earnings per share of $3.32 in fiscal year 2014 increased $0.74, or 29%, over the fiscal year 2013 amount. after excluding the acquisition related and other non-recurring expenses we incurred in fiscal year 2013, our adjusted net income in fiscal year 2014 increased $61 million, or 15%, compared to fiscal year 2013 (a non-gaap measure).(1) the increase in net income in fiscal year 2014 over the prior year level is even more significant given that the fiscal year 2013 net income included $14 million (after the attribution to noncontrolling interests) arising from our indirect investment in albion medical holdings, inc. ("albion"), a private equity holding which was sold during fiscal year 2013.
non-interest expenses increased $254 million in fiscal year 2014, or 7%, compared to the prior year. the increase in fiscal year 2014 is primarily due to the increase in compensation, commissions and benefits expenses which were partially offset by the decrease in acquisition related expenses. acquisition and integration related expenses in fiscal year 2014 were no longer material for separate reporting since our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. the combination of increasing net revenues and overall expense control in fiscal year 2014 helped us achieve a 15.4% pre-tax margin on net revenues.
a summary of the most significant items impacting our financial results in fiscal year 2014 as compared to the prior year are as follows:
   our private client group segment generated record net revenues of $3.3 billion in fiscal year 2014, a 12% increase, while pre-tax income increased $100 million, or 43%, to a record $330 million. the increase in revenues is primarily attributable to increased securities commissions and fee revenues, predominately arising from fee-based accounts, as well as an increase in mutual fund and annuity service fee revenues. commission expenses increased in proportion to the increase in corresponding commission revenues while all other components of non-interest expense increased by 3%. client assets under administration of the private client group increased 12% over the prior year level, to $450.6 billion at september 30, 2014. net inflows of client assets in fiscal year 2014 were positively impacted by successful recruiting of financial advisors, among other favorable factors.
   the capital markets segment generated record net revenues of $953 million in fiscal year 2014, a 3% increase, while pre-tax income increased $28 million, or 28%, to a record $131 million. increases in trading profits, merger and acquisition fee revenues, equity underwriting fee revenues and institutional sales commissions on equity products more than offset a decline in institutional sales commissions on fixed income products. the decline in institutional fixed income commission revenues results from challenging fixed income market conditions during fiscal year 2014 due to economic uncertainty, historically low interest rates, relatively low volatility of benchmark interest rates, and decreased customer trading volumes.
   our asset management segment generated record net revenues of $370 million in fiscal year 2014, a 26% increase, while pre-tax income increased $32 million, or 33%, to a record $128 million. financial assets under management increased 15% from the prior year, to $64.6 billion as of september 30, 2014. both strong net inflows of client assets and market appreciation contributed to the increase. we also earned nearly $10 million in performance fees in fiscal year 2014 (compared to nearly $2 million in the prior year) as a result of positive net performance from certain of our managed funds (a portion of which are attributable to noncontrolling interests), which contributed to the increase in revenues and pre-tax income.
(1)   refer to the discussion and reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap results in the "reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap measures" section of this md&amp;a.
   rj bank generated record net revenues of $352 million in fiscal year 2014, a 1% increase, while pre-tax income decreased $25 million, or 9%, to $243 million. net interest income increased due to growth in average loans outstanding, offset in large part by a lower net interest margin. the provision for loan losses increased in fiscal year 2014 primarily as the result of significant loan portfolio growth, partially offset by decreases resulting from improved credit characteristics of the loan portfolio reflecting the positive impact from improved economic conditions. non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses) increased $19 million.
   activities in our other segment resulted in a pre-tax loss that is $48 million less in fiscal year 2014 than the prior year. our non-interest expenses decreased substantially as we are no longer incurring acquisition and integration related costs since our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. in addition, fiscal year 2013 included significant revenues and pre-tax income associated with our indirect investment in albion, which was sold in april 2013, thus having a significant impact on comparisons to the prior year.
   our fiscal year 2014 effective tax rate was 35.8%, up from the 34.9% in fiscal year 2013. our fiscal year 2013 effective tax rate included a nonrecurring tax benefit resulting from a change in management's repatriation strategy of certain foreign earnings. both years included significant non-taxable gains in the value of our company-owned life insurance portfolio.
2015                                                                    2014                           % change   2013                           % change
capital markets revenues                                                  975,064                 968,635              1   %                945,477              2   %
asset management revenues                                                  392,378                 369,690              6   %                292,817             26   %
index reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap measures we believe that the non-gaap measures provide useful information by excluding material items that may not be indicative of our core operating results and that the gaap and the non-gaap measures should be considered together. there are no non-gaap adjustments in either of the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 or 2014, as we do not separately report acquisition and integration related costs in those years given that our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. the non-gaap adjustments in fiscal year 2013 were comprised of the acquisition and integration costs incurred during that fiscal year (primarily associated with the morgan keegan acquisition) as well as certain other non-recurring expenses, net of applicable taxes. refer to the footnotes to the following table for further explanation of each fiscal year 2013 non-recurring item.
the following table provides a reconciliation of the fiscal year 2013 gaap basis to the non-gaap measures:
non-gaap adjustments:
rjf's share of rjes goodwill impairment expense (2)                                        4,564
pre-tax non-gaap adjustments                                                              79,920
tax effect of non-gaap adjustments (4)                                                   (27,908                )
(1)   the non-gaap adjustment adds back to pre-tax income acquisition and integration expenses that were incurred during the fiscal year.
(2)   the non-gaap adjustment adds back to pre-tax income rjf's share of the total goodwill impairment expense associated with our raymond james european securities, inc. ("rjes") reporting unit.
(3)   the non-gaap adjustment adds back to pre-tax income restructuring expenses associated with our rjes operations.
(4)   the non-gaap adjustment reduces net income for the income tax effect of all the pre-tax non-gaap adjustments, utilizing the effective tax rate applicable in the fiscal year.
(5)   computed by adding the total equity attributable to rjf, inc. as of each quarter-end date during the fiscal year, plus the beginning of the year total, divided by five.
(6)   the calculation of non-gaap average equity includes the impact on equity of the non-gaap adjustments described in the table above.
(7)   computed by utilizing the adjusted net income attributable to rjf, inc.-non-gaap basis and the average equity-non-gaap basis. see footnotes (5) and (6) above for the calculation of average equity-non-gaap basis.
index net interest analysis we have certain assets and liabilities, primarily held in our pcg and rj bank segments, which are subject to changes in interest rates, and would have a meaningful impact on our overall financial performance in the event of a change in short-term interest rates. a gradual increase in short-term interest rates would have the most significant favorable impact on our pcg and rj bank segments (refer to the table in item 7a - interest rate risk in this report, which presents an analysis of rj bank's estimated net interest income over a 12 month period based on instantaneous shifts in interest rates using the asset/liability model applied by rj bank).
based upon our analysis performed as of september 30, 2015, we estimate that a 100 basis point instantaneous rise in short-term interest rates would result in an increase in our pre-tax income of approximately $150 million over the subsequent twelve month period. approximately 55% of such an increase would be reflected in account and service fee revenues (resulting from an increase in the fees generated from unaffiliated banks in lieu of interest income from client cash balances in our multi-bank sweep program and the discontinuance of money market fund fee waivers) which are reported in the pcg segment, and the remaining portion of the increase would be reflected in net interest income reported primarily in our pcg and rj bank segments. this estimate is based on static balances as of september 30, 2015 and a conservative assumption related to interest credited to our clients on their cash balances in such an interest rate environment. the actual amount of any increase we would realize in the future will ultimately be based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the actual change in balances, the rapidity and magnitude of the increase in interest rates, the competitive landscape at such time, and the returns on comparable investments, all of which will factor into the interest rates we pay on client cash balances. the great majority of the benefit to pre-tax income from an increase in short-term interest rates would be expected to arise from the first 100 basis point increase, as we presume any further increases in short-term interest rates would be passed along to clients through our various cash sweep programs, and thus such additional interest revenues and interest sensitive fees would be offset by increases of similar amounts in our interest expense.
bank loans, net of unearned income (2)                                         12,129,531                       405,578                    3.34   %                10,048,719                    343,942                    3.39   %                 8,605,013                    335,964                    3.86          %
loans to financial advisors (3)                                                   457,797                         7,056                    1.54   %                   413,600                      6,427                    1.55   %                   421,645                      6,510                    1.54          %
loans payable of consolidated variable interest entities (3)                       33,225                         1,879                    5.66   %                    51,518                      2,900                    5.63   %                    70,325                      3,959                    5.63          %
(2)   see results of operations - rj bank in this md&amp;a for further information.
(3)   average balance is calculated based on the average of the end of month balances for each month within the period.
the rj bank segment's net interest income increased $57 million, or 16%, primarily as a result of an increase in average loans outstanding as well as a modest increase in net interest margin.  refer to the discussion of the specific components of rj bank's net interest income in the rj bank section of this md&a.
net interest income in the pcg segment was nearly unchanged compared to the prior year. a decrease in net interest income arising from our broker-dealer margin lending activities, where a decline in margin interest rates more than offset the impact of slightly higher average client margin balances outstanding, was nearly offset by an increase in net interest revenue arising from our securities lending activities.
net interest income arising from our securities lending activities increased $1 million, or 16%, due primarily to an increase in interest income associated with hard-to-borrow securities in our box lending program. these revenues increased $3 million due to our ability to lend these securities at a premium. the increase in revenues was offset by a $2 million increase in interest expense associated with our stock borrow activities, as a result of additional expense associated with borrowing hard-to-borrow securities.
interest income earned on the available for sale securities portfolio held in our rj bank and other segments decreased $1 million, or 22%, due to lower average investment balances and a slight decrease in yields on the portfolio. the decrease in average balances outstanding is the result of sales and redemptions within the portfolio during the year (see note 7 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our available for sale securities).
interest income earned on our trading instruments held in the capital markets segment increased $2 million, or 9%, due to slightly higher average trading security inventory levels, partially offset by the impact of lower yields (see note 6 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our trading instruments).
net interest income in the pcg segment in fiscal year 2014 increased $4 million, or 5%, compared to the prior year primarily resulting from the increase in margin interest rates we implemented as of october 1, 2013, offset by a slight decrease in average client margin balances outstanding.
the rj bank segment's net interest income in fiscal year 2014 increased $8 million, or 2%, compared to the prior year primarily as a result of an increase in loans outstanding offset by a decrease in net interest margin.  refer to the discussion of the specific components of rj bank's net interest income in the rj bank section of this md&a.
interest income earned on the available for sale securities portfolio in fiscal year 2014 decreased $1 million, or 18%, from the prior year due to lower investment balances primarily resulting from sales and redemptions within the portfolio, and a slight decrease in yields (see note 7 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our available for sale securities).
interest income earned on our trading instruments in fiscal year 2014 decreased $2 million, or 11%, compared to the prior year due to lower average trading security inventory levels (see note 6 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our trading instruments).
index results of operations - private client group the following table presents consolidated financial information for our pcg segment for the years indicated:
2015                                                                            % change                  2014          % change                  2013
account and service fees:
client account and service fees                            176,175              9   %              162,057              -                  162,283
mutual fund and annuity service fees                       249,232             17   %              212,342             26      %           168,055
account and service fees - all other                           284             (3   )%                 293              4      %               282
sub-total account and service fees                         447,063             13   %              394,838             13      %           350,611
admin &amp; incentive compensation and benefit costs       552,762              7   %              518,489              2      %           507,629
communications and information processing                  157,729              3   %              153,076             (6     )%           163,125
business development                                        92,473             14   %               80,950             23      %            65,679
the success of the pcg segment is dependent upon the quality of our products, services, financial advisors and support personnel including our ability to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of these associates. we face competition for qualified associates from major financial services companies, including other brokerage firms, insurance companies, banking institutions and discount brokerage firms.
revenues of the pcg segment are correlated with total pcg client assets under administration, which include assets in fee-based accounts, and the overall u.s. equities markets. rj&a advisors operate under the rj&a registered investment advisor ("ria") license while independent contractors affiliated with rjfs may operate either under their own ria license, or the ria license of rjfsa. the investment advisory fee revenues associated with these activities are recorded within securities commissions and fee revenues on our consolidated financial statements. refer to the securities commissions and fees section of our summary of significant accounting policies in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for our accounting policies on presenting these revenues in our consolidated financial statements.
net interest revenue in the private client group is generated by client balances, predominantly the earnings on margin loans and assets segregated pursuant to regulations, less interest paid on client cash balances (the "client interest program"). we also utilize a multi-bank sweep program which generates fee revenue from unaffiliated banks in lieu of interest revenue. the cash sweep program, known as the raymond james bank deposit program ("rjbdp"), is a multi-bank (rj bank and several non-
index affiliated banks) program under which clients' cash deposits in their brokerage accounts are re-deposited into interest-bearing deposit accounts (up to $250,000 per bank for individual accounts and up to $500,000 per bank for joint accounts) at various third party banks. this program enables clients to obtain up to $2.5 million in individual fdic deposit insurance coverage ($5 million for joint accounts) while earning competitive rates for their cash balances.
clients' transactions in securities are affected on either a cash or margin basis. margin loans to clients are collateralized by the securities purchased or by other securities owned by the client. interest is charged to clients on the amount borrowed. the interest rate charged to a client on a margin loan is based on current interest rates and on the outstanding amount of the loan.
typically, broker-dealers utilize bank borrowings and equity capital as the primary sources of funds to finance clients' margin account borrowings. rj&a's source of funds to finance clients' margin account balances has been cash balances in brokerage clients' accounts, which are funds awaiting investment. in addition, pursuant to written agreements with clients, broker-dealers are permitted by the sec and finra rules to lend client securities in margin accounts to other financial institutions. sec regulations, however, restrict the use of clients' funds derived from pledging and lending clients' securities, as well as funds awaiting investment, to the financing of margin account balances; to the extent not so used, such funds are required to be deposited in a special segregated account for the benefit of clients. the regulations also require broker-dealers, within designated periods of time, to obtain possession or control of, and to segregate, clients' fully paid and excess margin securities.
no single client accounts for a material percentage of this segment's total business.
pcg client asset balances are as follows as of the dates indicated:
as of september 30,
2015                                                        % change      2014                    % change      2013
total pcg assets under administration      $453.3       1          %             $450.6       12         %             $402.6
total pcg assets under administration increased 1% over september 30, 2014 as a result of net client inflows as equity markets reflect a slight decline at september 30, 2015 compared to the prior year. total pcg assets in fee-based accounts increased 7% compared to september 30, 2014. increased client assets under administration typically result in higher fee-based account revenues and mutual fund and annuity service fees. in periods where equity markets improve, assets under administration increase and generally, client activity increases, thereby having a favorable impact on financial advisor productivity. generally, assets under administration, client activity, and financial advisor productivity decline in periods where equity markets reflect downward trends. higher client cash balances generally lead to increased interest income and account fee revenues, depending upon spreads realized in our client interest program and rjbdp.
the following table presents a summary of pcg financial advisors and the total number of pcg branch locations as of the periods indicated:
employees            independent contractors          september 30, 2015 total          september 30, 2014 total          september 30, 2013 total rj&amp;a                   2,571                        -                            2,571                             2,462                             2,443
total financial advisors   2,738                    3,858                            6,596                             6,265                             6,197
the number of financial advisors as of september 30, 2015 reflects a net increase of 331 individuals, or a 5% net increase, over the number of financial advisors as of september 30, 2014. importantly, the client asset levels and productivity measures associated with those financial advisors recruited during the fiscal year exceed our historical benchmark averages. nothwithstanding the future impact of changes in the overall economy and more specifically their impact on future equity markets and fixed income markets, factors which we have no control, we believe that this increase in productive financial advisors is a positive indication of potential future revenue growth in this segment.
securities commissions and fees increased $178 million, or 6%.  client assets under administration increased to $453.3 billion, an increase of $2.7 billion, or 1%, compared to september 30, 2014. the year over year increase in client assets was driven by positive net inflows generated by financial advisor retention and recruiting results, as the equity markets in the u.s. were down compared to the prior year. the most significant increase in these revenues arose from revenues earned on fee-based accounts, which increased $212 million, or 17%, and was partially offset by a $27 million, or 9%, decrease in commissions on equity products, a $13 million, or 15%, decrease in new issue sales credits due to a decrease in equity underwritings, and a $4 million, or 5%, decrease in commissions on fixed income products. fiscal year 2015 includes a $7 million decrease in mutual fund commission revenues due to the resolution of a mutual fund share class issue that resulted in refunds of commissions being paid during the year to certain of our clients. despite this unusual item, mutual fund commission revenues still increased $2 million. commission revenues on equity products have decreased in our canadian broker-dealer subsidiary as a result of the weaker canadian currency compared to the u.s. dollar, as well as the overall challenging canadian market conditions that existed throughout the fiscal year. commission earnings on fixed income products decreased primarily due to the continuation of historically low interest rates which continue to result in challenging fixed income market conditions.
total account and service fee revenues increased $52 million, or 13%. mutual fund and annuity service fees increased $37 million, or 17%, primarily as a result of an increase in education and marketing support ("ems") fees (which include no-transaction-fee ("ntf") program revenues), and mutual fund omnibus fees, all of which are paid to us by the mutual fund companies whose products we distribute.  during fiscal year 2014, we implemented technology changes in our ems program and standardized tiered service levels provided to many mutual fund companies, resulting in increased fees earned from ems arrangements. omnibus fees are generally based on the number of positions held in our client portfolios. increases in such revenues are a result of increases in the number of positions for existing fund families on the omnibus platform as well as new fund families joining the omnibus program. client account and service fees increased $14 million, or 9%, as a result of the changes made in many of our fee schedules implemented since december 2013. in addition, transaction handling fees in fee-based accounts increased due to the increased number of transactions, fees generated in lieu of interest income from our multi-bank sweep program with unaffiliated banks increased due to higher average balances in the program, and sbl affiliate servicing fees increased (refer to the rj bank results of operations in this report for additional information on sbl activities) as sbl balances have continued to grow.
pcg net interest is relatively unchanged compared to the prior year. net interest income arising from our broker-dealer margin lending activities decreased slightly compared to the prior year level, a slight decline in margin interest rates more than offset the impact of slightly higher average margin loan balances outstanding. the rate of growth in margin loan balances in fiscal year 2015 has been negatively impacted by the popularity of our sbl product offered by rj bank. as a result of the extremely low rate interest rate environment that existed during fiscal year 2015 and the related low net interest spreads earned, there was only a nominal impact on our net interest revenues resulting from changes in client cash balances. refer to the discussion of how the pre-tax income of this segment could be favorably impacted by a 100 basis point instantaneous rise in short-term interest rates, in the net interest section of this md&a.
total segment revenues increased 7%. the portion of total segment revenues that we consider to be recurring is approximately 75% at september 30, 2015, an increase from 72% at september 30, 2014.  recurring commission and fee revenues include asset-based fees, trailing commissions from mutual funds and variable annuities/insurance products, mutual fund service fees, fees earned on funds in our multi-bank sweep program, and interest. assets in fee-based accounts increased more than average pcg client assets as clients continue to elect fee-based alternatives versus traditional transaction-based accounts. at september 30, 2015, such assets were $179.4 billion, an increase of 7% compared to the $167.7 billion as of september 30, 2014.
non-interest expenses increased $216 million, or 7%.  sales commission expense increased $167 million, or 8%, largely consistent with the 6% increase in commission and fee revenues, coupled with increased hiring bonuses resulting from the high level of recruiting activity.  administrative and incentive compensation and benefits expense increased $34 million, or 7%, in part from annual increases in salary expenses, increases in employee benefit plan costs, and additional staffing levels, primarily in information technology functions, to support our continuing growth. business development expenses increased $12 million, or 14%, due to increased recruiting activity and the related incoming account transfer fee expenses, and conference and travel related expenses.
securities commissions and fees in fiscal year 2014 increased $303 million, or 12%.  the increase results predominately from growth in client assets under administration. the year over year increase in client assets in fiscal year 2014 was driven by the equity market conditions in the u.s., which were generally improved as compared to fiscal year 2013, and increased financial advisor productivity. the most significant increases in these revenues in fiscal year 2014 arose from revenues earned on fee-based accounts, which increased $245 million, or 24%, and commission revenues on mutual fund products which increased $57 million, or 9% (primarily due to increases in trailing commissions on mutual fund products), partially offset by a $21 million, or 21%, decrease in commissions on fixed income products. commission earnings on fixed income products in fiscal year 2014 decreased primarily due to historically low interest rates and a general lack of volatility of benchmark interest rates. securities commissions and fee revenues generated by our canadian operations in fiscal year 2014 increased 5% over fiscal year 2013.
total account and service fee revenues in fiscal year 2014 increased $44 million, or 13%, over fiscal year 2013. mutual fund and annuity service fees increased $44 million, or 26%, primarily as a result of an increase in mutual fund omnibus fees and ems fees (which include ntf program revenues), all of which are paid to us by the mutual fund companies whose products we distribute.  in fiscal year 2014 we continued to implement changes in the data sharing arrangements with many mutual fund companies, converting from a networking to an omnibus arrangement.  the fees earned from omnibus arrangements are greater than those under networking arrangements in order to compensate us for the additional reporting requirements performed by the broker-dealer under omnibus arrangements.  during fiscal year 2014, we implemented technology changes in our ems program and standardized tiered service levels provided to many mutual fund companies, resulting in increased fees earned from ems arrangements. in addition, effective with our mid-february 2013 platform integration, the former morgan keegan client mutual fund investments became eligible for our omnibus and ems programs resulting in an increase in this fee revenue.
pcg net interest in fiscal year 2014 increased $4 million, or 5%, primarily resulting from an increase in margin interest rates despite a slight decrease in average margin balances. growth in margin loans in fiscal year 2014 was negatively impacted by the popularity of our sbl product offered by rj bank. as a result of the extremely low rate interest environment that existed during fiscal year 2014 and the related low net interest spreads earned, there was only a nominal impact on our net interest revenues resulting from changes in client cash balances.
total segment revenues in fiscal year 2014 increased 12%. the portion of total segment revenues that we consider to be recurring was approximately 72% at september 30, 2014, as contrasted to 68% at september 30, 2013.
non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2014 increased $261 million, or 10%, over fiscal year 2013.  sales commission expense increased $237 million, or 13%, consistent with the 12% increase in commission and fee revenues.  business development expenses in fiscal year 2014 increased $15 million, or 23%, due to increases in advertising, recruiting, incoming account transfer fee expenses, and conference costs.
index results of operations - capital markets the following table presents consolidated financial information for our capital markets segment for the years indicated:
2015                                                                                                              % change   2014                         % change   2013
equity underwriting fees                                                                      74,229            (26   )%             100,091             14      %            87,466
net trading profit                                                                            55,021             (8   )%              59,701            112      %            28,117
admin &amp; incentive compensation and benefit costs                                         428,501              1   %              425,153              6      %           401,838
communications and information processing                                                     71,630              6   %               67,835              3      %            65,728
business development                                                                          44,058              9   %               40,409              3      %            39,308
losses and non-interest expenses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies        38,553             (6   )%              41,072             57      %            26,083
impairment of goodwill associated with rjes                                                        -              -                        -           (100     )%             6,933
the capital markets segment consists primarily of equity and fixed income products and services.  the activities include institutional sales and trading in the u.s., canada and europe; management of and participation in public offerings; financial advisory services, including private placements and merger and acquisition services; public finance activities; and the syndication and related management of investment partnerships designed to yield returns in the form of low-income housing tax credits to institutions.  we provide securities brokerage services to institutions with an emphasis on the sale of u.s. and canadian equities and fixed income products. institutional sales commissions for both equity and fixed income products are driven primarily through trade volume, resulting from a combination of participation in public offerings, general market activity, and by the capital markets group's ability to find attractive investment opportunities and promote those opportunities to potential and existing clients.  revenues from investment banking activities are driven principally by our role in the offering and the number and dollar value of the transactions with which we are involved.  this segment also includes trading of taxable and tax-exempt fixed income products, as well as equity securities in the over-the-counter ("otc") and canadian markets.  this trading involves the purchase of securities from, and the sale of securities to, our clients as well as other dealers who may be purchasing or selling securities for their own account or acting as agent for their clients.  profits and losses related to this trading activity are primarily derived from the spreads between bid and ask prices, as well as market trends for the individual securities during the period we hold them. this segment also includes the results of the operations we conduct in latin american countries including argentina and uruguay.
index during fiscal year 2015, we made investments in our domestic equity capital markets business through successful recruiting of experienced professionals to broadly build out our life sciences sector capabilities and to increase investment banking coverage in the financial services, energy and government services sectors. while the immediate impact of these hires results in an increase in compensation expense, we believe the long-term result of these efforts will have a favorable impact on both revenues and net profits of the segment.
no single client accounts for a material percentage of this segment's total business.
year ended september 30, 2015 compared with the year ended september 30, 2014 - capital markets net revenues increased $7 million, or 1%, while pre-tax income decreased $24 million, or 18%.
institutional fixed income sales commissions increased $38 million, or 15%, benefiting from increased interest rate volatility and public finance activities during the year. offsetting this increase, institutional equity sales commissions decreased $14 million, or 5%, resulting primarily from decreased equity underwriting activities throughout fiscal year 2015, particularly in the energy and real estate sectors.
merger and acquisitions and advisory fee revenues increased $11 million, or 7%, reaching a record $162 million. we experienced significant increases in these revenues in fiscal year 2015 arising from our u.s. operations, led by our technology services sector and reflecting the benefit of prior years' investments in other business sectors. the portion of these revenues arising from our canadian operations decreased significantly due to the difficult canadian equity market conditions throughout fiscal year 2015, especially in the natural resources sector.
our net trading profits decreased $5 million, or 8%. typically, our trading profits are generated primarily from fixed income securities. however, in fiscal year 2015, the primary reason for the decrease is $5 million of realized trading losses arising in our canadian operations, primarily attributable to a loss on an equity underwriting position. despite the continuation of the challenging fixed income market conditions throughout fiscal year 2015, fixed income trading results were solid and steady throughout the year, assisted by the trading profits generated on gnma and fnma mbs.
underwriting fee revenues decreased $26 million, or 26%. equity underwriting activities related to both initial public offerings and follow-on offerings declined significantly in the fiscal year. the market sectors that historically represent our areas of strength had relatively lower activity levels.
we experienced growth in our public finance underwritings with a 63% increase in the par value of lead managed new issues compared to the prior year. this increase favorably impacts both our securities commissions and fees revenues and our investment banking revenues. the combined revenues resulting from our public finance business activities increased $11 million, or 17%.
tax credit fund syndication fee revenues increased by $10 million, or 29%, due to a 17% increase in the volume of tax credit fund partnership interests sold during the current year. our continued growth in this business over the past several years has resulted in our ascension to a market leading position amongst syndicators of low-income housing tax credit fund ("lihtc") investments.
non-interest expenses increased $26 million, or 3%. sales commissions expense increased $6 million, or 3%, which is correlated with the 5% increase in overall institutional sales commission revenues. business development expenses increased $4 million, or 9%, predominately in our equity capital markets operations, representing recruiting and other costs as they pursue opportunities for future growth and revenues. clearance and other expense increased $13 million, or 19%, primarily due to a higher volume of trades, as reflected by the increase in institutional sales commission revenues, and $3 million of expense related to historical european trading activities.
losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies result directly from the consolidation of certain low-income housing tax credit funds, and decreased $3 million, or 6%, compared to the prior year. since we only hold an insignificant interest in these consolidated funds, nearly all of these losses are attributable to others and are therefore included in the offsetting noncontrolling interests. refer to note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on the consolidation of vies.
noncontrolling interests includes the impact of consolidating certain low-income housing tax credit funds, which impacts other revenue, interest expense, and the losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies (as described in the preceding paragraph), and reflects the portion of these consolidated entities which we do not own.  total segment expenses attributable to
index others decreased by $4 million, corresponding with the reduction in losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies discussed in the preceding paragraph.
year ended september 30, 2014 compared with the year ended september 30, 2013 - capital markets net revenues in fiscal year 2014 increased $26 million, or 3%, while pre-tax income increased $28 million, or 28%.
institutional equity sales commissions in fiscal year 2014 increased $14 million, or 6%, resulting from both favorable equity markets throughout the year, and an active new issue market environment at certain times during fiscal year 2014. the active new issue market resulted in a 14% increase in equity underwriting fee revenues to $100 million. underwriting fee revenues increased in both our domestic as well as our canadian equity capital markets operations. the sectors in which we generated the most significant amounts of underwriting fee revenues in fiscal year 2014 were real estate, financial services and energy.
institutional fixed income sales commissions in fiscal year 2014 decreased $81 million, or 25%, primarily due to the challenging fixed income market conditions throughout fiscal year 2014 resulting from economic uncertainty, the continuation of historically low interest rates, periods of relatively low volatility of benchmark interest rates, and the resulting decreased customer trading volumes. despite such conditions, trading results were solid and steady during fiscal year 2014, resulting in a $32 million, or 112%, improvement over fiscal year 2013, which included a quarter (the third quarter of fiscal year 2013) which was particularly negative. these trading profits were generated primarily from fixed income securities. these favorable trading results in fiscal year 2014 were achieved even as we continued to maintain relatively lower average balances of trading securities in response to the market uncertainty (refer to the table of average interest earning asset and liability balances in the net interest section of this md&a for information on our average levels of trading instruments held during each respective fiscal year).
merger and acquisitions and advisory fee revenues in fiscal year 2014 increased $24 million, or 19%, compared to fiscal year 2013. fiscal year 2014 includes increases in revenues in both our domestic and canadian operations. the sectors in which we generated the most significant amounts of such fee revenues in fiscal year 2014 were technology services, healthcare, energy, financial services, technology, and general industrials.
tax credit fund syndication fee revenues in fiscal year 2014 increased by $10 million, or 40%, due to a 16% increase in the volume of tax credit fund partnership interests sold during fiscal year 2014 and the recognition of certain revenues in fiscal year 2014 that were associated with partnership interests sold in prior years which had been deferred in those years. fiscal year 2014 recognition of these previously deferred revenues result from the favorable resolution of certain conditions associated with the partnership interests which, once favorably resolved, result in the recognition of previously deferred revenues.
non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2014 increased $8 million, or 1%, compared to fiscal year 2013. administrative and incentive compensation and benefit expense in fiscal year 2014 increased $23 million, or 6%, compared to fiscal year 2013 offset by a decrease in sales commission expense of $30 million, or 13%, which is directly correlated with the 12% decrease in overall institutional sales commission revenues. incentive compensation expense increases in fiscal year 2014 were primarily the result of higher volumes of underwriting, mergers & acquisitions and advisory fees, investment banking and tax credit fund syndication fee revenues, as well as to a lesser extent, annual salary increases applicable to all of our operations. fiscal year 2013 included goodwill impairment expense of $7 million related to our rjes operations which did not recur in fiscal year 2014.
losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies result directly from the consolidation of certain low-income housing tax credit funds, and in fiscal year 2014 reflect an increase of $15 million, or 57%, over fiscal year 2013. since we only hold an insignificant interest in these consolidated funds, nearly all of these losses are attributable to others and are therefore included in the offsetting noncontrolling interests. refer to note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on the consolidation of vies.
noncontrolling interests includes the impact of consolidating certain low-income housing tax credit funds, which impacts other revenue, interest expense, and the losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies (as described in the preceding paragraph), and rjes for the first six months of the fiscal year 2013 period (thereafter, we acquired the interests previously held by others), and reflects the portion of these consolidated entities which we do not own.  total segment expenses attributable to others in fiscal year 2014 increased by $10 million compared to fiscal year 2013. the increase in expenses associated with noncontrolling interests resulting from losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies discussed above, are offset by the impact of the fiscal year 2013 consolidation of rjes. as a result of our april 2013 acquisition of the rjes interest previously held by others, there is no comparable noncontrolling interest impact from the consolidation of rjes in fiscal year 2014.
index results of operations - asset management the following table presents consolidated financial information for our asset management segment for the years indicated:
2015                                                                                  % change   2014                         % change   2013
admin &amp; incentive compensation and benefit costs             101,723             (1     )%           102,674             12      %            91,994
communications and information processing                         25,286             16      %            21,861             15      %            19,056
business development                                               9,911              8      %             9,208             11      %             8,288
the asset management segment includes the operations of eagle, the eagle funds, ams, rj trust, and other fee-based programs.  revenues for this segment are primarily generated by the investment advisory fees related to asset management services provided for individual and institutional investment portfolios, along with mutual funds.  we generate revenues in this segment by providing investment advisory and asset management services to either individual or institutional investment portfolios, along with mutual funds. investment advisory fee revenues are earned on the assets held in either managed or non-discretionary asset-based programs. these fees are computed based on balances either at the beginning of the quarter, the end of the quarter, or average daily assets. asset balances are impacted by both the performance of the market and the new sales and redemptions of client accounts/funds. rising markets have historically had a positive impact on investment advisory fee revenues as existing accounts increase in value, and individuals and institutions may commit incremental funds in rising markets.
no single client accounts for a material percentage of this segment's total business.
managed programs as of september 30, 2015, approximately 80% of investment advisory fees recorded in this segment are earned from assets held in managed programs.  of these revenues, approximately 60% of our investment advisory fees recorded each quarter are determined based on balances at the beginning of a quarter, approximately 25% are based on balances at the end of the quarter and the remaining 15% are computed based on average assets throughout the quarter.
on april 30, 2015, rjf acquired cougar. eagle now offers cougar's global asset allocation strategies to its clients worldwide. cougar has a substantial amount of assets under advisement, which are non-discretionary advised assets. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding the cougar acquisition. the majority of the assets managed by cougar are reflected in non-discretionary asset-based program balances.
on december 24, 2012, eagle acquired a 45% interest in clarivest asset management, llc ("clarivest"), an acquisition that bolstered our platform in the large-cap investment objective. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding the clarivest acquisition.
index the following table reflects fee-billable financial assets under management in managed programs at the dates indicated:
assets under management:
eagle asset management, inc.                      $25,692             $28,752             $27,886
raymond james consulting services                  13,484              13,085              11,385
sub-total assets under management                  69,093              69,368              60,788
total financial assets under management           $65,177             $64,557             $55,989
the following table summarizes the activity impacting the total financial assets under management in managed programs (excluding activity in assets managed for affiliated entities and mk & co. managed fee-based assets for the periods prior to the conversion of mk & co. accounts to the rj&a platform) for the years indicated:
assets under management at beginning of year                                                    $69,368              $60,788                  $44,168
net inflows of client assets                                                                      2,797              3,865            (1)       4,032        (1)
net market (depreciation) appreciation in asset values                                           (2,170    )         4,715            (1)       7,074        (1)
inflows resulting from the conversion of mk &amp; co. accounts to the rj&amp;a platform (4)           -              -                          2,401
assets under management at end of year                                                          $69,093              $69,368                  $60,788
(1)   revised from the amounts reported in the prior year in order to present on a basis consistent with the current year. in the prior years, the presentation of net inflows only included the asset flows associated with new clients, and cancellations associated with existing clients, to certain programs.
(2)   see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on this acquisition.
(4)   in mid-february 2013, the client accounts of mk &amp; co. were converted onto the rj&amp;a platform.
(5)   during fiscal year 2015, certain assets that were previously included in eagle's programs were transferred into non-discretionary asset-based programs. the inflow of assets into the non-discretionary asset-based programs is discussed below.
non-discretionary asset-based programs as of september 30, 2015, approximately 20% of investment advisory fees revenue recorded in this segment are earned for administrative services on assets held in non-discretionary asset-based programs. nearly all investment advisory fees associated with these programs are determined based on balances at the beginning of the quarter.
fee-billable assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs as of september 30, 2015 were $91.0 billion, an increase of $9.7 billion, or 12%, over the $81.3 billion total as of september 30, 2014. the increase during the current year is attributable to: net inflows which out-paced market depreciation (most of the market depreciation occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 as a result of declining equity markets); inflows resulting from our acquisition of cougar (see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on this acquisition); and the movement of certain assets during the year that were previously included in eagle managed programs which were transferred into non-discretionary asset-based programs (the offsetting outflows are reflected in the assets under management table above).
index fee-billable assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs as of september 30, 2014 were $81.3 billion, an increase of $16.6 billion, or 26%, over the $64.7 billion total as of september 30, 2013. the increase in the prior year was primarily driven by both net inflows and market appreciation during fiscal year 2014.
year ended september 30, 2015 compared with the year ended september 30, 2014 - asset management pre-tax income in the asset management segment increased $7 million, or 5%.
investment advisory fee revenue increased by $21 million, or 6%, generated by an increase in assets under management that resulted from net inflows of client assets. market values depreciated primarily as a result of the equity market decline that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015. performance fees, which are earned by managed funds for exceeding certain performance targets, amounted to $5 million, a decrease of $5 million from the amount earned in the prior year. refer to the information presented above regarding the increases in the balances of assets held in our programs.
other revenue increased by $2 million, or 4%, primarily resulting from an increase in fee income generated by rj trust, reflecting a 4% increase in rj trust client assets compared to the prior year, to $3.51 billion as of september 30, 2015.
expenses increased by approximately $18 million, or 8%, primarily resulting from a $8 million, or 18%, increase in investment sub-advisory fees, a $3 million, or 16%, increase in communications and information support processing expense, and a $7 million, or 14%, increase in other expenses. the increase in investment sub-advisory fee expense is primarily attributable to increased fees paid to external managers for raymond james consulting services and uma programs, which have both experienced increases in asset levels compared to the prior year. the increase in communications and information processing expense result from additional costs associated with supporting the steadily increasing levels of assets under management as well as the growth in asset levels in our non-discretionary asset-based programs. the increase in other expense is primarily due to eagle's share of certain costs incurred in the organization and start-up of a new fund in which eagle serves as the sub-advisor.
noncontrolling interests includes the impact of the consolidation of certain subsidiary investment advisors and other subsidiaries (including clarivest). total segment net income attributable to others decreased $2 million compared to the prior year primarily as a result of a reduction in the amount of performance fee revenues earned in the current year that were attributable to others.
year ended september 30, 2014 compared to the year ended september 30, 2013 - asset management pre-tax income in the asset management segment in fiscal year 2014 increased $32 million, or 33%, over the prior year.
investment advisory fee revenue in fiscal year 2014 increased by $71 million, or 29%, primarily generated by an increase in assets under management and increased performance fees from certain managed funds. performance fees, which are earned by managed funds for exceeding certain performance targets, increased $8 million over the amount earned in fiscal year 2013. assets in both managed and non-discretionary asset-based programs in fiscal year 2014 increased substantially since the prior year. refer to the information presented above regarding the increases in the balances of assets held in our programs.
other revenue in fiscal year 2014 increased by $6 million, or 13%, primarily resulting from an increase in fee income generated by our rj trust subsidiary reflecting a 16% increase in rj trust client assets compared to the prior year, to $3.38 billion as of september 30, 2014.
expenses in fiscal year 2014 increased by approximately $40 million, or 21%, primarily resulting from a $13 million, or 41%, increase in investment sub-advisory fees, a $12 million, or 33%, increase in other expenses, and an $11 million, or 12%, increase in administrative and performance based incentive compensation. the increase in investment sub-advisory fee expense in fiscal year 2014 is directly related to the increase in assets in programs managed by external managers. such assets are included within the uma and raymond james consulting services program asset under management balances. the increase in other expense in fiscal year 2014 is primarily due to increases in the costs incurred so that certain funds sponsored by eagle are available as investment choices on the platforms of other broker-dealers and increases in expenses of rj trust resulting from the increase in client assets. the increase in administrative and performance based incentive compensation in fiscal year 2014 is a result of: the combination of increases in performance compensation which is directly related to the increase in investment advisory fee revenues and the performance fees earned during the year; increases in salary and related expenses resulting from the addition of clarivest on december 24, 2012; and annual salary increases and certain additions to staff associated with our operations.
noncontrolling interests includes the impact of the consolidation of certain subsidiary investment advisors and other subsidiaries (including clarivest). total segment net income attributable to others in fiscal year 2014 increased by $5 million as
index compared to fiscal year 2013 since certain of the current year performance fees were earned by certain of these subsidiaries, and therefore a portion is attributable to others.
results of operations - rj bank the following table presents consolidated financial information for rj bank for the years indicated:
2015                                                                 % change   2014                         % change   2013
compensation and benefits                        27,843              9      %            25,430             16   %               21,835
communications and information processing         5,186             22      %             4,234             39   %                3,043
rj bank provides corporate loans, residential loans and securities based loans, as well as fdic-insured deposit accounts, to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries and to the general public.  rj bank is active in corporate loan syndications and participations.  rj bank generates net interest revenue principally through the interest income earned on loans and investments, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings.
no single client accounts for a material percentage of this segment's total business.
net loan recoveries/(charge-offs):
as of september 30,
total nonperforming assets as a % of rj bank total assets            0.39   %                0.69   %                0.99   %
(1)   net of unearned income and deferred expenses.
as of september 30,
allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable              allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable               allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable
as of september 30,
allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable               allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable
information on foreign assets held by rj bank:
changes in the allowance for loan losses with respect to loans rj bank has made to borrowers who are not domiciled in the u.s. are as follows:
allowance for loan losses attributable to foreign loans, beginning of year:     $19,891             $17,299              $7,955              $1,596           $734
foreign loan charge-offs:
foreign exchange translation adjustment                                          (1,644   )            (745   )            (296   )   117                     -
allowance for loan losses attributable to foreign loans, end of year            $26,174             $19,891             $17,299              $7,955           $1,596
index cross-border outstandings represent loans (including accrued interest), interest-bearing deposits with other banks, and any other monetary assets which are cross-border claims according to bank regulatory guidelines for the country exposure report. the following table sets forth the country where rj bank's total cross-border outstandings exceeded 1% of total rjf assets as of each respective period:
year ended september 30, 2015 compared with the year ended september 30, 2014 - rj bank pre-tax income in the rj bank segment increased $36 million, or 15%.  the increase in pre-tax income was primarily attributable to a $63 million, or 18%, increase in net revenues, offset by an increase of $10 million, or 74%, in the provision for loan losses and a $17 million, or 17%, increase in non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses). the increase in net revenues was attributable to a $57 million increase in net interest income and a $6 million increase in other income.
the $57 million increase in net interest income was the result of a $1.6 billion increase in average interest-earning banking assets and an increase in the net interest margin. the increase in average interest-earning banking assets was primarily driven by a $2.1 billion increase in average loans offset by a $440 million decrease in average cash and investments. average corporate loans increased $1.4 billion, or 19%, average sbl balances increased $488 million, or 62%, and average residential mortgage loans increased $173 million, or 10%. the yield on interest-earning banking assets increased to 3.15% from 3.04% due to an improvement in the earning-asset composition from lower-yielding cash and investments to a larger percentage of higher yielding loans. the loan portfolio yield decreased slightly to 3.34% from 3.39%. primarily as a result of the increase in the yield of the average interest-earning banking assets, the net interest margin increased to 3.07% from 2.98%.
the increase in other income was due to a decrease of $4 million in foreign currency losses, a $1 million increase resulting from held for sale loan activities, and a $1 million increase in gains from the sale of foreclosed properties.
a significant portion of the provision for loan losses in both fiscal year 2015 and 2014 resulted from loan portfolio growth in each year. the primary factors impacting the year over year increase in provision for loan losses in the current year results from the varying impact of credit characteristics which were particular to each respective year. the current year provision for loan losses was impacted by an increase in corporate criticized loans, which was partially offset by the impact of improved credit characteristics of the residential mortgage loan portfolio. fiscal year 2014 benefited to a greater extent than the current year from the improved credit characteristics of the loan portfolio including a decrease in corporate criticized loans.
the $17 million increase in non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses) was primarily attributable to a $3 million, or 68%, increase in sbl affiliate fees due to increases in sbl balances; a $2 million, or 5%, increase in affiliate deposit account servicing fees related to increased deposit balances; a $2 million increase in expenses related to the reserve for unfunded lending commitments; a $2 million or 17% increase in fdic insurance premiums; a $2 million, or 9%, increase in compensation and benefits resulting from annual raises and increases in the costs of certain employee benefit programs coupled with increases in the number of personnel; a $1 million, or 22%, increase in communications and information processing expense; and a $1 million increase of expense related to other taxes.
index year ended september 30, 2014 compared to the year ended september 30, 2013 - rj bank pre-tax income in the rj bank segment in fiscal year 2014 decreased $25 million, or 9%, compared to fiscal year 2013.  the decrease in pre-tax income in fiscal year 2014 was primarily attributable to a $19 million, or 24%, increase in non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses) and an increase of $11 million, or 429%, in the provision for loan losses, offset by a $5 million increase in net revenues. the increase in net revenues in fiscal year 2014 was attributable to an $8 million increase in net interest income offset by a $3 million decrease in other income.
net interest income in fiscal year 2014 increased $8 million as a result of a $1.2 billion increase in average interest-earning banking assets offset by a decrease in the net interest margin. the increase in average interest-earning banking assets was driven by a $1.4 billion increase in average loans with average corporate loans increasing $1.1 billion, or 17%, and average sbl increasing $337 million, or 76%. the net interest margin decreased to 2.98% from 3.25% primarily as a result of the decrease in the yield of the average interest-earning assets. the yield on interest-earning banking assets decreased to 3.04% from 3.34% due to a decline in the loan portfolio yield. the loan portfolio yield decreased primarily due to a reduction in the corporate loan portfolio yield resulting from lower yields on new loans and refinancings as well as lower corporate loan fee income. the residential mortgage loan portfolio yield declined due to adjustable rate loans resetting at lower rates.
the decrease in other income in fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to a $3 million decline in gains from the sale of held for sale loans due to lower residential mortgage loan originations, and a $2 million increase in foreign currency losses, which were partially offset by a $2 million increase in bank-owned life insurance valuation gains.
the increase in provision for loan losses in fiscal year 2014 resulted from significant loan portfolio growth, which was partially offset by a decrease in corporate criticized loans, the favorable resolution of corporate problem loans, lower loan-to-value ("ltv") ratios in the residential mortgage loan portfolio, and a reduction in delinquent residential mortgage loans. these credit characteristics reflected the positive impact from improved economic conditions in fiscal year 2014, which resulted in a decline in the criticized loan balance and nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets. in addition, net loan charge-offs decreased $12 million, or 87%, to $2 million, which was primarily attributable to improved credit characteristics within both the cre and residential mortgage loan portfolios.
the $19 million increase in non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2014 (excluding the provision for loan losses) compared to fiscal year 2013 was primarily attributable to a $4 million, or 14%, increase in affiliate deposit account servicing fees related to increased deposit balances, a $4 million or 75% increase in fdic insurance premiums due to higher deposit balances and assessment rates, a $4 million, or 16%, increase in compensation and benefits related to staff additions, a $2 million increase in sbl affiliate fees, and a $1 million, or 39%, increase in communications and information processing expense.
loans, net of unearned income (1)
agency mbs                                                                         248,408                          2,446                    0.98          %            297,933                     2,622                    0.88          %            346,665                     2,902                    0.84          %
non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations                                      89,336                          2,178                    2.44          %            127,022                     3,164                    2.49          %            154,933                     4,155                    2.68          %
fhlb stock, federal reserve bank of atlanta ("frb") stock, and other               111,891                          3,725                    3.33          %             95,806                     3,018                    3.15          %             85,811                     2,235                    2.60          %
certificates of deposit                                                                                                $347,748                          $5,839                     1.68          %            $329,176                     $6,126                     1.86          %            $305,293                     $6,239                     2.04          %
money market, savings, and now accounts (3)                                                                          10,851,494                           2,543                     0.02          %           9,790,257                      1,833                     0.02          %           8,827,966                      2,793                     0.03          %
excess of interest-earning banking assets over interest-bearing banking liabilities/net interest income              $1,326,912                        $403,578                                              $1,092,422                   $346,757                                              $1,039,876                   $338,844
ratio of interest-earning banking assets to interest-bearing banking liabilities                                                                                                  111.18          %                                                                  110.45          %                                                                  111.23          %
(2)   the yield is presented on a tax-equivalent basis utilizing the federal statutory tax rate of 35%.
(3)   negotiable order of withdrawal ("now") account.
index increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning banking assets and liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. the following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on rj bank's interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on its interest-bearing liabilities. the effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous period's average yield/cost. similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average yield/cost by the previous year's volume. changes applicable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately.
loans, net of unearned income:
agency mbs                                            (436    )              260                  (176    )            (408    )                128                  (280    )
non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations        (939    )              (47    )             (986    )            (748    )               (243    )             (991    )
certificates of deposit                                346                  (633    )             (287    )             488                    (601    )             (113    )
money market, savings and now accounts                 199                   511                   710                  304                  (1,264    )             (960    )
change in net interest income                      $65,458               $(8,637    )          $56,821              $56,698                $(48,785    )           $7,913
index results of operations - other the following table presents consolidated financial information for the other segment for the years indicated:
2015                                                                                 % change   2014                         % change   2013
this segment results include our principal capital and private equity activities, certain corporate overhead costs of rjf including the interest cost on our public debt, and the acquisition and integration costs associated with our material acquisitions including, most significantly in fiscal year 2013, the costs associated with our integration of morgan keegan.
net revenues in this segment increased $25 million, or 71%. the increase results from a $25 million increase in revenues arising from our principal capital and private equity portfolio investments. we also realized an increase in revenues arising from the sale or redemption activities in our ars portfolio of $4 million, which were offset by certain foreign currency translation losses that primarily result from the weakened canadian dollar, and decreases in the valuation of other investments (primarily in managed equities). the current year ars portfolio gain is primarily the result of an $11 million gain on the sale of all of our jefferson county, alabama limited obligation school warrants ars. in the prior year, gains resulting from sales and redemption activities in our ars portfolio were primarily comprised of a $5.5 million gain on the redemption of jefferson county alabama sewer revenue refunding warrants ars.
the portion of revenue attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $8 million, as the increase in revenues generated by our private equity portfolio resulted in higher amounts of such revenues that are attributable to others.
net revenues in this segment in fiscal year 2014 decreased $81 million, or 177%. the decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in revenues in fiscal year 2014 arising from our private equity portfolio investments. approximately $74 million of fiscal year 2013 revenues were associated with our indirect investment in albion, an investment which was sold in april 2013 and therefore such revenues did not recur in fiscal year 2014. revenues associated with the remainder of our private equity portfolio in fiscal year 2014 decreased $6 million compared to fiscal year 2013. offsetting these decreases, in fiscal year 2014 we realized a $6 million increase from gains on redemptions or sales of ars, most notably arising from the fiscal year 2014 redemption of jefferson county alabama sewer revenue refunding warrants ars.
index non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2014 decreased $74 million, or 63%. the decrease is primarily a result of a decrease in acquisition related expenses since our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. the acquisition related expenses incurred in fiscal year 2013 were primarily comprised of expenses associated with the integration of morgan keegan's operations into our own (see note 3 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on the components of the fiscal year 2013 expense).
the portion of revenue attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased in fiscal year 2014 by nearly $56 million compared to fiscal year 2013. of the fiscal year 2013 albion revenues received, approximately $51 million related to the portion of that investment which we did not own.
certain statistical disclosures by bank holding companies as a financial holding company, we are required to provide certain statistical disclosures by bank holding companies pursuant to the sec's industry guide 3.  certain of those disclosures are as follows for the fiscal year indicated:
(1)   computed as net income attributable to rjf for the year indicated, divided by average assets (the sum of total assets at the beginning and end of the year, divided by two).
(2)   computed by utilizing the net income attributable to rjf and the average equity for each respective fiscal year. average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to rjf as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year, plus the beginning of the year total, divided by five.
(3)   computed as average equity (the sum of total equity at the beginning and end of the fiscal year, divided by two), divided by average assets (the sum of total assets at the beginning and end of the fiscal year, divided by two).
(4)   computed as dividends declared per common share during the fiscal year as a percentage of diluted earnings per common share.
refer to the rj bank section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for the other required disclosures.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is essential to our business.  the primary goal of our liquidity management activities is to ensure adequate funding to conduct our business over a range of market environments.
senior management establishes our liquidity and capital policies. these policies include senior management's review of short- and long-term cash flow forecasts, review of monthly capital expenditures, the monitoring of the availability of alternative sources of financing, and the daily monitoring of liquidity in our significant subsidiaries. our decisions on the allocation of capital to our business units consider, among other factors, projected profitability and cash flow, risk and impact on future liquidity needs. our treasury operations assist in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our financial condition, liquidity and capital structure as well as maintain our relationships with various lenders. the objectives of these policies are to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity.
liquidity is provided primarily through our business operations and financing activities.  financing activities could include bank borrowings, repurchase agreement transactions or additional capital raising activities under our "universal" shelf registration statement.
cash provided by operating activities during the year ended september 30, 2015 was $899 million. cash generated by successful operating results over the year resulted in a $638 million increase in cash.  significant changes in various other asset and liability balances which increased cash include: brokerage client payables and other accounts payable increased $594 million, which results in an increase in cash; an increase in the stock loaned, net of stock borrowed balances resulted in a $96 million increase in cash; a decrease in securities purchased under agreements to resell, net of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, resulted in a $60 million increase in cash; the decrease in the prepaid expenses and other asset balance generated by cash transactions
index resulted in a $47 million increase in cash; a decrease in our net trading instruments resulted in a $41 million increase in cash; accrued compensation, commissions and benefits balances increased resulting in a $29 million increase in cash. the increased accrual primarily results from the increase in both revenues and profits over the prior year. partially offsetting these activities which resulted in increases of cash, decreases in cash resulted from the following activities: a $416 million increase in assets segregated pursuant to regulations and other segregated assets, primarily resulting from the increase in brokerage client payables previously described above; in support of our strong recruiting results, we used $82 million in cash to fund loans provided to financial advisors, net of repayments; purchases of loans held for sale, net of sales, resulted in a $60 million decrease; and brokerage client receivables increased $56 million. all other components of operating activities combined to net a $8 million source of cash.
investing activities resulted in the use of $2.17 billion of cash during the year ended september 30, 2015.  the primary investing activity was the use of $2.09 billion in cash to fund an increase in bank loans, net of the proceeds from sales of loans held for investment.  rj bank made purchases of available for sale securities of $92 million. we used $74 million to fund investments in technology and equipment, primarily comprised of computer software enhancements. we used $45 million to fund other investments, primarily comprised of investments in company owned life insurance. offsetting the impact of these investments on cash, we received proceeds from the maturation, repayment, redemption or sale of securities in our available for sale security portfolio of $155 million, nearly $64 million of which arose from the sale of all of our jefferson county, alabama limited obligation school warrants ars. all other components of investing activities combined to net a $22 million use of cash.
financing activities provided $1.73 billion of cash during the year ended september 30, 2015.  increases in rj bank deposits provided $1.89 billion. we used $103 million in payment of dividends to our shareholders. we used $89 million to repurchase shares of our stock, $57 million of this total resulting from the fourth quarter fiscal year 2015 open market repurchases (refer to item 5, "issuers purchases of equity securities" in this report, for additional information on our share repurchases). proceeds from all of our sources of borrowed funds, net of repayments, resulted in a $6 million increase in cash. a $50 million net increase in rj bank's advances from the fhlb during the year is the primary source of these borrowings, as the amount of our short-term borrowings outstanding on our domestic financing facilities decreased compared to september 30, 2014 (see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings). all other components of financing activities combined to net a $20 million source of cash.
the effect of currency exchange rates on our cash balances resulted in a $55 million decrease in our u.s. dollar denominated cash balance. the most significant component of this decrease results from the substantial cash balances held by rj ltd. as part of their canadian brokerage operations, which are denominated in canadian currency (this cash is utilized to fund canadian currency denominated liabilities), and the 16% decrease in the value of the canadian dollar to the u.s. dollar since september 30, 2014.
we believe our existing assets, most of which are liquid in nature, together with funds generated from operations and committed and uncommitted financing facilities, should provide adequate funds for continuing operations at current levels of activity.
index sources of liquidity approximately $1.22 billion of our total september 30, 2015 cash and cash equivalents (a portion of which is invested on behalf of the parent company by rj&a, and a portion of which is maintained in a deposit account at rj bank) was available to us without restrictions.  the cash and cash equivalents held were as follows:
(1)   rjf maintains a depository account at rj bank which has a balance of $451 million as of september 30, 2015. this cash balance is reflected in the rjf total, and is excluded from the rj bank total, since this balance is available to rjf on-demand and without restriction.
(2)   rjf has loaned $494 million to rj&amp;a as of september 30, 2015, which rj&amp;a has invested on behalf of rjf in cash and cash equivalents or otherwise deployed in its normal business activities.
in addition to the liquidity on hand described above, we have other various potential sources of liquidity which are described below.
rj&a is required to maintain net capital equal to the greater of $1 million or 2% of aggregate debit items arising from client transactions. covenants in rj&a's committed secured financing facilities require its net capital to be a minimum of 10% of aggregate debit items.  at september 30, 2015, rj&a significantly exceeded both the minimum regulatory and its financing covenants net capital requirements. at that date, rj&a had excess net capital of approximately $372 million, of which approximately $115 million is available for dividend while still maintaining the internally-imposed net capital ratio of 15% of aggregate debit items.  there are also limitations on the amount of dividends that may be declared by a broker-dealer without finra approval.
rj bank may pay dividends to the parent company without prior approval by its regulator as long as the dividend does not exceed the sum of rj bank's current calendar year and the previous two calendar years' retained net income, and rj bank maintains its targeted capital to risk-weighted assets ratios.  at september 30, 2015, rj bank had approximately $210 million of capital in excess of the amount it would need at september 30, 2015 to maintain its targeted risk-weighted assets ratio of 12.5%.
index borrowings and financing arrangements the following table presents our committed and uncommitted financing arrangements with third party lenders and the outstanding balances related thereto, as of september 30, 2015.
as of september 30, 2015
rj&amp;a(3)       rj ltd.                rjf                                 total          total number of counterparties
(1)   our ability to borrow is dependent upon compliance with the conditions in the various committed loan agreements and collateral eligibility requirements.
(2)   lenders are under no contractual obligation to lend to us under uncommitted credit facilities.
(3)   we generally utilize the rj&amp;a facilities to finance a portion of our fixed income securities trading instruments.
(4)   this financing arrangement is primarily denominated in canadian currency, amounts presented in the table have been converted to u.s. dollars at the currency exchange rate in effect as of september 30, 2015.
(5)   on august 6, 2015, rjf entered into a revolving credit facility agreement in which the lenders are a number of financial institutions. this unsecured borrowing facility provides for maximum borrowings of up to $300 million, at variable rates, with a facility maturity date of august 6, 2020 (see note 15 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding this borrowing arrangement).
the committed financing arrangements are in the form of either tri-party repurchase agreements or secured lines of credit.  the uncommitted financing arrangements are in the form of secured lines of credit, secured bilateral or tri-party repurchase agreements, or unsecured lines of credit.
we maintain three unsecured settlement lines of credit available to our argentine joint venture in the aggregate amount of $11.3 million. of the aggregate amount, one settlement line for $9 million is guaranteed by rjf. there were no borrowings outstanding on these lines of credit as of september 30, 2015.
rj bank had $550 million in fhlb advances outstanding at september 30, 2015, comprised of two floating-rate advances, one in the amount of $250 million and the second in the amount of $300 million. both fhlb advances are secured by a blanket lien on rj bank's residential loan portfolio (see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings). rj bank has an additional $878 million in immediate credit available from the fhlb as of september 30, 2015 and total available credit of 30% of total assets with the pledge of additional collateral to the fhlb. on october 9, 2013, rj bank entered into a forward-starting advance transaction with the fhlb to borrow $25 million on october 13, 2015. this borrowing was funded subsequent to our year-end, bears interest at the rate of 3.4%, and matures on october 13, 2020.
rj bank is eligible to participate in the fed's discount-window program; however, rj bank does not view borrowings from the fed as a primary means of funding.  the credit available in this program is subject to periodic review, may be terminated or reduced at the discretion of the fed, and would be secured by pledged c&i loans.
index from time to time we purchase short-term securities under agreements to resell ("reverse repurchase agreements") and sell securities under agreements to repurchase ("repurchase agreements").  we account for each of these types of transactions as collateralized financings with the outstanding balances on the repurchase agreements included in securities sold under agreements to repurchase.  at september 30, 2015, collateralized financings outstanding in the amount of $333 million are included in securities sold under agreements to repurchase on the consolidated statements of financial condition. of this total, outstanding balances on the committed and uncommitted repurchase agreements (which are reflected in the table of financing arrangements above) were $65 million and $260 million, respectively, as of september 30, 2015.  such financings are generally collateralized by non-customer, rj&a owned securities.  the required market value of the collateral associated with the committed secured facilities ranges from 102% to 140% of the amount financed.
the average daily balance outstanding during the five most recent successive quarters, the maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter and the period end balances for repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements of rjf are as follows:
repurchase transactions                                                                                                                                 reverse repurchase transactions for the quarter ended:         average daily balance outstanding            maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter              end of period balance outstanding            average daily balance outstanding            maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter              end of period balance outstanding
at september 30, 2015, in addition to the financing arrangements described above, we had $38 million outstanding on a mortgage loan for our st. petersburg, florida home-office complex, that we include in other borrowings on our consolidated statements of financial condition.
at september 30, 2015 we have senior notes payable of $1.15 billion. the balance is comprised of $350 million outstanding on our 6.90% senior notes due 2042, $249 million outstanding on our 5.625% senior notes due 2024, $300 million outstanding on our 8.60% senior notes due august 2019, and $250 million outstanding on our 4.25% senior notes due april 2016.
rating agency                                        rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's ratings services ("s&amp;p")   bbb      positive moody's investors services ("moody's")               baa2     positive the s&p rating and outlook reflected above are as presented in their december, 2014 report.
our current long-term debt ratings depend upon a number of factors including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trends and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, our capital structure, our overall risk management, business diversification and our market share, and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. deteriorations in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings.  any rating downgrades could increase our costs in the event we were to pursue obtaining additional financing.
should our credit rating be downgraded prior to a public debt offering it is probable that we would have to offer a higher rate of interest to bond holders.  a downgrade to below investment grade may make a public debt offering difficult to execute on terms we would consider to be favorable.  a downgrade below investment grade could also result in the termination of certain derivative contracts and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions (see note 18 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information). a credit downgrade could create a reputational issue and could also result in certain counterparties limiting their business with us, result in negative comments by analysts and potentially impact
index investor perception of us, and resultantly impact our stock price and/or our clients' perception of us. a credit downgrade would result in rjf incurring a higher commitment fee on any unused balance on its $300 million revolving credit facility executed on august 6, 2015, in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. conversely, an improvement in rjf's current credit rating would have a favorable impact on the commitment fee as well as the interest rate applicable to any borrowings on such line. none of our credit agreements contain a condition or event of default related to our credit ratings.
other sources of liquidity we own life insurance policies which are utilized to fund certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans. the policies which we could readily borrow against have a cash surrender value of approximately $252 million as of september 30, 2015 and we are able to borrow up to 90%, or $226 million of the total, without restriction.  there are no borrowings outstanding against any of these policies as of september 30, 2015.
on may 22, 2015 we filed a "universal" shelf registration statement with the sec to be in a position to access the capital markets if and when necessary or perceived by us to be opportune.
see the "contractual obligations" section below for information regarding our contractual obligations.
potential impact of morgan keegan matters subject to indemnification by regions on our liquidity as more fully described in note 21 in the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, the stock purchase agreement effective on the closing date between rjf and regions regarding our acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of morgan keegan provides that in addition to customary indemnity for breaches of representations and warranties and covenants, regions will indemnify rjf for losses incurred in connection with any litigation or similar matter related to pre-closing activities. for matters that are received within three years from the closing date, or through april 2, 2015, the indemnifications survive until such matters are resolved. as a result of these indemnifications and after consideration of the expiration of certain of these indemnification provisions, we do not anticipate the resolution of any pre-closing date morgan keegan litigation matters to negatively impact our liquidity (see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, and part i item 3 - legal proceedings, in this report, for further information regarding the nature of the pre-closing date matters).
potential impact of on our liquidity from the scheduled maturity of senior notes payable one of our senior note issuances, the 4.25% senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million, matures in april, 2016. should we ultimately elect not to refinance, the repayment of the principal on the maturity date would reduce our liquidity.
statement of financial condition analysis the assets on our consolidated statement of financial condition consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents (a large portion of which is segregated for the benefit of clients), receivables including bank loans, financial instruments held for either trading purposes or as investments, and other assets.  a significant portion of our assets are liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business.
total assets of $26.5 billion at september 30, 2015 are approximately $3.15 billion, or 14%, more than our total assets as of september 30, 2014. net bank loans receivable increased $2.02 billion due to significant growth of rj bank's net loan portfolio during the year. assets segregated pursuant to regulations and other segregated assets, which are primarily comprised of cash or qualified securities in segregated reserve accounts for the exclusive benefit of clients, increased $416 million at september 30, 2015 compared to september 30, 2014, resulting from an increase brokerage client payables (refer to the discussion of the increase in the related payable balance in the following paragraph). cash and cash equivalents increased $402 million, refer to the discussion of the various sources and uses of cash during the period in the preceding liquidity and capital resources section of this md&a. loans to financial advisors increased $64 million, net of repayments, reflecting successful recruiting results over the year. the investment balance associated with our available for sale securities portfolio decreased $49 million primarily as a result of redemptions, maturations, or sales of certain securities in the portfolio offset by additional investments made in such securities by rj bank during the year.
our liabilities at september 30, 2015 of $21.7 billion are $2.80 billion, or 15%, more than our liabilities as of september 30, 2014. the increase in liabilities is primarily due to the following: an increase in bank deposit liabilities of $1.89 billion, reflecting
loans payable of consolidated variable interest entities(2)                        25,960                13,363                 8,240                 3,668       689                                 -                       -
long-term portion of other borrowings(3)                                          588,065                 4,325               554,578                 5,195                 5,130                 5,430                  13,407
operating lease obligations (6)                                                   369,198                79,758                69,834                57,851                49,003                40,027                  72,725
(1)   see note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information.
(2)   loans which are non-recourse to us. see further discussion in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
(3)   see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information.
(5)   interest computation includes scheduled interest on our senior notes, the mortgage note payable, rj bank's fhlb advances (assuming no change in the variable interest rate from that as of september 30, 2015, but factoring into the computation the effect of certain interest rate swap contracts that swap variable interest rate payments to fixed interest payments), and rj bank's committed borrowing from the fhlb, see note 15 and note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the borrowings.
(6)   primarily comprised of outstanding obligations on long-term leases for office space.
(7)   in the normal course of our business, we enter into contractual arrangements whereby we commit to future purchases of products or services from unaffiliated parties. purchase obligations for purposes of this table, include amounts associated with agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms including: minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. our most significant purchase obligations are vendor contracts for data services, communication services, processing services and computer software contracts. most of our contracts have provisions for early termination, for purposes of this table we have assumed we would not pursue early termination of such contracts.
see the following page for the continuation of the explanations to the footnotes in the above table.
index continuation of the footnote explanations pertaining to the table on the previous page.
(8)   the table does not include any amounts for uncertain tax positions because we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of future payments, if any, to respective taxing authorities. we have recorded a liability of $22.5 million as of september 30, 2015 which is included in trade and other payables on our consolidated statements of financial condition related to such positions (see note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information).
(9)   see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information.
(10)   includes obligations, presented on a gross basis, of our long-term incentive plan, our wealth accumulation plan, our voluntary deferred compensation program, and certain historic deferred compensation plans of mk &amp; co. see notes 24 and 25 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding such plans. we own life insurance policies that are not presented in this table which are utilized to fund certain of these obligations. see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding our investments in company-owned life insurance. we also hold other investments that are not presented in this table to fund obligations of the historic deferred compensation plans of mk &amp; co., see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the fair value of such investments.
(11)   regions has provided an indemnification to rjf for losses incurred in connection with morgan keegan legal proceedings pending as of the closing date of our morgan keegan acquisition, or commenced after the closing date and related to pre-closing date matters. see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further discussion. amounts presented in this table represent the gross liabilities for such matters, and do not reflect the related and offsetting indemnification asset. see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the indemnification asset. these liabilities do not have defined maturity dates, however we expect that all such matters will be resolved within three years. we have estimated the timing associated with the resolution of such matters.
(12)   rjtcf has provided a guaranteed return on investment to a third party investor in one of its fund offerings, see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further discussion. amounts presented in this table represent the gross liability associated with this guarantee obligation, and do not reflect the related and offsetting financing asset. see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the offsetting financing asset.
we have made a number of investment commitments, either as commitments to fund lihtc project partnerships, or to venture capital or private equity partnerships. we have also made commitments to provide loans to prospective financial advisors who have either accepted our offer, or recently recruited advisors, which have not yet been funded. see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on these and other commitments.
rj bank has entered into commitments to extend credit such as unfunded loan commitments, standby letters of credit, open end consumer and commercial lines of credit. see note 27 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on these and other outstanding off-balance credit-related commitments.
we are authorized by the board of directors to execute open market purchases of our common stock and certain of our senior notes, at the discretion of the securities repurchase committee. see item 5 in this form 10-k for additional information regarding this authorization.
in the normal course of business, certain of our subsidiaries act as general partner and may be contingently liable for activities of various limited partnerships. these partnerships engage primarily in real estate activities. in our opinion, such liabilities, if any, for the obligations of the partnerships will not in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position.
regulatory refer to the discussion of the regulatory environment in which rjf and its subsidiaries operate, and the impact on our operations of certain new rules and regulations arising from the dodd-frank act which have been implemented to-date, as well as a discussion of the potential impact that certain proposed rules may have on our business, in the item 1 business, regulation section in this report.
rj&a, rjfs, eagle fund distributors, inc. and raymond james (usa) ltd. all had net capital in excess of minimum requirements as of september 30, 2015.
index rj ltd. is subject to the minimum capital rule (dealer member rule no. 17 of iiroc and the early warning system (dealer member rule no. 30 of iiroc)). see the discussion in note 26 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, where each of these rules is described. rj ltd. is not in early warning level 1 or level 2 at september 30, 2015.
rjf and rj bank are subject to various regulatory and capital requirements. rjf and rj bank met the requirements to be categorized as "well capitalized" as of september 30, 2015. one of rj bank's u.s. subsidiaries is an agreement corporation and is also subject to regulation by the fed. as of september 30, 2015, this rj bank subsidiary met the capital adequacy guideline requirements.
the maintenance of certain risk-based regulatory capital levels could impact various capital allocation decisions impacting one or more of our businesses.  however, due to the strong capital position of rjf and its regulated subsidiaries, we do not anticipate these capital requirements will have any negative impact on our future business activities.
see note 26 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on regulatory and capital requirements.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during any reporting period in our consolidated financial statements. management has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure the appropriateness of such estimates and assumptions and their consistent application from period to period. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
we believe that of our accounting estimates and assumptions, those described below involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. due to their nature, estimates involve judgment based upon available information. actual results or amounts could differ from estimates and the difference could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. therefore, understanding these critical accounting estimates is important in understanding the reported results of our operations and our financial position.
valuation of certain financial instruments, investments and other assets the use of fair value to measure financial instruments, with related gains or losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, is fundamental to our financial statements and our risk management processes.
"trading instruments" and "available for sale securities" are reflected in the consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value or amounts that approximate fair value. unrealized gains and losses related to these financial instruments are reflected in our net income or our total comprehensive income, depending on the underlying purpose of the instrument.
we measure the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with gaap, which defines fair value, establishes a framework that we use to measure fair value and provides for certain disclosures we provide about our fair value measurements included in our financial statements. refer to notes 5 and 6 in our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for these disclosures.
fair value is defined by gaap as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants on the measurement date. we determine the fair values of our financial instruments and any other assets and liabilities required by gaap to be recognized at fair value in the financial statements as of the close of business of each financial statement reporting period. these fair value determination processes also apply to any of our impairment tests or assessments performed for nonfinancial instruments such as goodwill, identifiable intangible assets, certain real estate owned and other long-lived assets.
index in determining the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with gaap, we use various valuation approaches, including market and/or income approaches. fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant. as such, even when assumptions from market participants are not readily available, our own assumptions reflect those that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. gaap provides for the following three levels to be used to classify our fair value measurements:
level 1-financial instruments included in level 1 are highly liquid instruments with quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. these include equity securities traded in active markets and certain u. s. treasury securities, other governmental obligations, or publicly traded corporate debt securities.
level 2-financial instruments reported in level 2 include those that have pricing inputs that are other than quoted prices in active markets, but which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date (i.e. prices for similar instruments). instruments that are generally included in this category are equity securities that are not actively traded, corporate obligations infrequently traded, certain government and municipal obligations, interest rate swaps, certain asset-backed securities ("abs"), certain collateralized mortgage obligations ("cmos"), certain mbs, our derivative instruments, corporate loans and nonrecurring fair value measurements for certain loans held for sale, impaired loans and other real estate owned ("oreo").
level 3-financial instruments reported in level 3 have little, if any, market activity and are measured using our best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination of fair value are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. these valuations require significant judgment or estimation. instruments in this category generally include: equity securities with unobservable inputs such as those investments made in our principal capital activities, certain non-agency abs, pools of interest-only small business administration ("sba") loan strips ("i/o strips"), certain municipal and corporate obligations which include ars, and nonrecurring fair value measurements for certain impaired loans.
gaap requires that we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when performing our fair value measurements. the availability of observable inputs can vary from instrument to instrument and in certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. in such cases, an instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement of an instrument requires judgment and consideration of factors specific to the instrument.
see notes 5, 6, 7 and 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our financial instruments.
level 3 assets and liabilities as of september 30, 2015, 7.9% of our total assets and 3.2% of our total liabilities are financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis. as of september 30, 2014, financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis represented 8.6% of our total assets and 3% of our total liabilities.
financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis categorized as level 3 amount to $356 million as of september 30, 2015 and represent 17% of our assets measured at fair value. of the level 3 assets as of september 30, 2015, our private equity investments comprise $209 million, or 59%, of the total, and our ars positions comprise $139 million, or 39%, of the total.  our level 3 assets decreased $62 million, or 15%, as compared to the september 30, 2014 level, primarily as a result of sales and redemptions of ars which generated proceeds of $64 million and a gain of $11 million in the year ended september 30, 2015 (see note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information). level 3 assets represent 7.4% of total equity as of september 30, 2015, reflecting a decrease from the 9.4% of total equity measure as of september 30, 2014.
financial instruments which are liabilities categorized as level 3 amount to $58 thousand as of september 30, 2015 and represent less than 1% of liabilities measured at fair value, which is unchanged from such measure at september 30, 2014.
valuation techniques the fair value for certain of our financial instruments is derived using pricing models and other valuation techniques that involve significant management judgment. the price transparency of financial instruments is a key determinant of the degree of judgment involved in determining the fair value of our financial instruments. financial instruments for which actively quoted prices or pricing parameters are available will generally have a higher degree of price transparency than financial instruments that are thinly traded or not quoted. in accordance with gaap, the criteria used to determine whether the market for a financial
index instrument is active or inactive is based on the particular asset or liability. for equity securities, our definition of actively traded is based on average daily volume and other market trading statistics. we have determined the market for certain other types of financial instruments, including certain cmos, abs, certain collateralized debt obligations and ars, to be volatile, uncertain or inactive as of both september 30, 2015 and 2014. as a result, the valuation of these financial instruments included significant management judgment in determining the relevance and reliability of market information available. we considered the inactivity of the market to be evidenced by several factors, including a continued decreased price transparency caused by decreased volume of trades relative to historical levels, stale transaction prices and transaction prices that varied significantly either over time or among market makers.
the specific valuation techniques utilized for the categorization of certain financial instruments with the most significant carrying values that are presented in our consolidated statements of financial condition as of september 30, 2015 are described below.
trading instruments and trading instruments sold but not yet purchased trading securities are comprised primarily of the financial instruments held by our broker-dealer subsidiaries (see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for more information). when available, we use quoted prices in active markets to determine the fair value of these securities. such instruments are classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. examples include exchange traded equity securities and liquid government debt securities. as of september 30, 2015, 7% of our gross trading security assets and 62% of our gross trading securities sold but not yet purchased, are classified as level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
when instruments are traded in secondary markets and quoted market prices do not exist for such securities, we utilize valuation techniques, including matrix pricing, to estimate fair value. matrix pricing generally utilizes spread-based models periodically re-calibrated to observable inputs such as market trades, or to dealer price bids in similar securities in order to derive the fair value of the instruments. valuation techniques may also rely on other observable inputs such as yield curves, interest rates and expected principal repayments, and default probabilities. instruments valued using these inputs are typically classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. examples include certain municipal debt securities, corporate debt securities, agency mbs, and restricted equity securities in public companies. we utilize prices from independent services to corroborate our estimate of fair value. depending upon the type of security, the pricing service may provide a listed price, a matrix price, or use other methods including broker-dealer price quotations. as of september 30, 2015, 93% of our gross trading security assets and 38% of our gross trading securities sold but not yet purchased, are classified as level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
positions in illiquid trading securities that do not have readily determinable fair values require significant judgment or estimation. for these securities, we use pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques. assumptions utilized by these techniques include estimates of future delinquencies, loss severities, defaults and prepayments, or redemptions. securities valued using these techniques are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. for certain cmos, where there has been limited activity or less transparency around significant inputs to the valuation, such as assumptions regarding performance of the underlying mortgages, these securities are currently classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. as of september 30, 2015, less than 1% of our gross trading security assets, and none of our trading instruments sold but not yet purchased, are classified as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
we enter into derivatives contracts as part of our fixed income operations in either over-the-counter market activities, or through "matched book" activities. see note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for more information.
fair values for the interest rate derivative contracts arising from our over-the-counter market activities are obtained from internal pricing models that consider current market trading levels and the contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as time value, yield curve and other volatility factors underlying the positions. since our model inputs can be observed in a liquid market and the models do not require significant judgment, such derivative contracts are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. we utilize values obtained from third party counterparty derivatives dealers to corroborate the output of our internal pricing models. the fair value of any cash collateral exchanged as part of the interest rate swap contract is netted, by counterparty, against the fair value of the derivative instrument.
fair value for our matched book derivatives are determined using an internal model which includes inputs from independent pricing sources to project future cash flows under each underlying derivative contract. the cash flows are discounted to determine the present value. since any changes in fair value are completely offset by an opposite change in the offsetting transaction position, there is no net impact on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income from changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments. we record the value of each matched book derivative position held at fair value, as either an asset
index or an offsetting liability, presented as "derivative instruments associated with offsetting matched book positions" as applicable, on our consolidated statements of financial condition.
rj bank enters into three month forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge the risk related to their investment in their canadian subsidiary. these derivatives are recorded at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial condition, the majority of which are designated as net investment hedges. the fair value of rj bank's forward foreign exchange contracts is determined by obtaining valuations from a third party pricing service. these third party valuations are based on observable inputs such as spot rates, foreign exchange rates and both u.s. and canadian interest rate curves. we validate the observable inputs utilized in the third party valuation model by preparing an independent calculation using a secondary, third party valuation model. these forward foreign exchange contracts are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
we enter into certain interest rate swap contracts (the "rj bank interest hedges") which swap variable interest payments on debt for fixed interest payments. through the rj bank interest hedges, rj bank is able to mitigate a portion of the market risk associated with certain fixed rate interest earning assets held by rj bank. the rj bank interest hedges are recorded at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial condition and are designated as cash flow hedges. the fair value of rj bank interest hedges is obtained from internal pricing models that consider current market trading levels and the contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as time value, yield curve and other volatility factors underlying the positions. since our model inputs can be observed in a liquid market and the models do not require significant judgment, such derivative contracts are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. we utilize values obtained from a third party to corroborate the output of our internal pricing models.
available for sale securities available for sale securities are comprised primarily of mbs, cmos, and other equity securities held predominately by rj bank (the "rj bank afs securities"), and ars held by a non-broker-dealer subsidiary of rjf (collectively referred to as the "rjf afs securities"). of the rjf afs securities, 73% of the portfolio is classified as level 2 and 27% is classified as level 3, of the fair value hierarchy.
debt and equity securities classified as available for sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, recorded through other comprehensive (loss) income and thereafter presented in shareholders' equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ("aoci") unless the loss is considered to be other-than-temporary, in which case the related credit loss portion is recognized as a loss in other revenue. realized gains and losses on sales of such securities are recognized using the specific identification method and reflected in other revenue in the period they are sold.
the fair value of agency and non-agency securities included within the rj bank afs securities is determined by obtaining third party pricing service bid quotations from two independent pricing services. third party pricing service bid quotations are based on either current market data, or for any securities traded in markets where the trading activity has slowed such as the cmo market, the most recently available market data. the third party pricing services provide comparable price evaluations utilizing available market data for similar securities. the market data the third party pricing services utilize for these price evaluations includes observable data comprised of benchmark yields, reported trades, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, reference data including market research publications, and loan performance experience. in order to validate that the pricing information used by the primary third party pricing service is observable, we request, on a quarterly basis, some of the key market data available for a sample of securities and compare this data to that which we observed in our independent accumulation of market information. securities valued using these valuation techniques are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
for non-agency securities within the rj bank afs securities where a significant difference exists between the primary third party pricing service bid quotation and the secondary third party pricing service, we utilize a discounted cash flow analysis to determine which third party price quote is more representative of fair value under the current market conditions. the fair values for most non-agency securities at september 30, 2015 were based on the respective primary third party pricing service bid quotation. securities measured using these valuation techniques are generally classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
ars are long-term variable rate securities tied to short-term interest rates that were intended to be reset through a "dutch auction" process, which generally occurs every seven to 35 days. holders of ars were previously able to liquidate their holdings to prospective buyers by participating in the auctions. during 2008, the dutch auction process failed and holders were no longer able to liquidate their holdings through the auction process. the fair value of the ars holdings is estimated based on internal pricing models. the pricing model takes into consideration the characteristics of the underlying securities, as well as multiple inputs including the issuer and its credit quality, data from any recent trades, the expected timing of redemptions and an estimated yield premium that a market participant would require over otherwise comparable securities to compensate for the illiquidity of
index the ars. these inputs require significant management judgment and, accordingly, these securities are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
for any rjf afs securities in an unrealized loss position at the reporting period end, we make an assessment whether these securities are impaired on an other-than-temporary basis. in order to evaluate our risk exposure and any potential impairment of these securities, on at least a quarterly basis, we review the characteristics of each security owned such as, where applicable, collateral type, delinquency and foreclosure levels, credit enhancement, projected loan losses, collateral coverage, the presence of u.s. government or government agency guarantees, and issuer credit rating. the following factors are considered to determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary: our intention to sell the security, our assessment of whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis, and whether the evidence indicating that we will recover the amortized cost basis of a security in full outweighs evidence to the contrary. evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to period end, recent events specific to the issuer or industry, and forecasted performance of the security. securities on which there is an unrealized loss that is deemed to be other-than-temporary are written-down to fair value with the credit loss portion of the write-down recorded as a realized loss in other revenue and the non-credit portion of the write-down recorded net of deferred taxes in other comprehensive (loss) income and are thereafter presented in equity as a component of aoci. the credit loss portion of the write-down is the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis of the security. the previous amortized cost basis of the security less the other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings establishes the new cost basis for the security.
for any rjf afs securities, we estimate the portion of loss attributable to credit using a discounted cash flow model. for rj bank afs securities, our discounted cash flow model utilizes relevant assumptions such as prepayment rate, default rate, and loss severity on a loan level basis. these assumptions are subject to change depending on a number of factors such as economic conditions, changes in home prices, and delinquency and foreclosure statistics, among others. events that may trigger material declines in fair values or additional credit losses for these securities in the future would include, but are not limited to, deterioration of credit metrics, significantly higher levels of default and severity of loss on the underlying collateral, deteriorating credit enhancement and loss coverage ratios, or further illiquidity.
private equity investments private equity investments, held in our other segment, consist of various direct and third party private equity investments and comprise 59% of all of our level 3 assets as of september 30, 2015. the valuation of these investments requires significant management judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, inherent lack of liquidity and long-term nature of these assets. as a result, these values cannot be determined with precision and the calculated fair value estimates may not be realizable in a current sale or immediate settlement of the instrument.
private equity investments are carried at estimated fair value. they are valued initially at the transaction price until significant transactions or developments indicate that a change in the carrying values of these investments is appropriate. the carrying values of these investments are adjusted based on financial performance, investment-specific events, financing and sales transactions with third parties and/or discounted cash flow models incorporating changes in market outlook. investments in funds structured as limited partnerships are generally valued based on our proportionate share of the net assets of the partnership as provided by the fund manager. investments valued using these valuation techniques are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
goodwill impairment goodwill, under gaap, must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment at least annually. the annual goodwill impairment testing involves the application of significant management judgment, especially when estimating the fair value of its reporting units.
we perform goodwill testing on an annual basis or when an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.  we have elected december 31 as our annual goodwill impairment evaluation date. during the quarter ended march 31, 2015, we performed a qualitative assessment evaluating the balances as of december 31, 2014 for each reporting unit that includes an allocation of goodwill to determine whether it is more likely than not that the carrying value of such reporting unit, including the recorded goodwill, is in excess of the fair value of the reporting unit. in any instance in which we are unable to qualitatively conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit carrying value including goodwill, a quantitative analysis of the fair value of the reporting unit would be performed. based upon the outcome of our qualitative assessment, we determined that no quantitative analysis of the fair value of any reporting unit as of december 31, 2014 was required, and we concluded that none of the goodwill
index allocated to any of our reporting units as of december 31, 2014 was impaired. no events have occurred since december 31, 2014 that would cause us to update our latest annual impairment testing.
of our total september 30, 2015 goodwill balance of $308 million: $230 million arose from our fiscal year 2012 acquisition of morgan keegan, $33 million arose from our fiscal year 2001 acquisition of goepel mcdermid, inc. (now rj ltd.), $30 million arose from our fiscal year 1999 acquisition of roney & co. (now part of rj&a), $2 million arose from our fiscal year 2011 acquisition of howe barnes hoefer & arnett, and $12 million arose from our fiscal year 2015 acquisition of tpc (refer to note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for more information). this goodwill was allocated to reporting units; $187 million is included in the pcg segment and $121 million is included in the capital markets segment.
deterioration in economic market conditions, especially those impacting revenues reported in our pcg and capital markets segments, as well as increased costs arising from the effects of recent regulatory or legislative changes, may result in declines in reporting unit performance beyond management's current expectations. declines in reporting unit performance, increases in equity capital requirements, or increases in the estimated cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of our reporting units or their associated goodwill to decline, which could result in a material impairment charge to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill.
loss provisions loss provisions arising from legal proceedings the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal proceedings is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing legal liabilities, see the "legal liabilities" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
loss provisions arising from operations of our broker-dealers the recorded amount of liabilities associated with brokerage client receivables and loans to financial advisors and certain key revenue producers, is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing these broker-dealer related liabilities, see the "brokerage client receivables, loans to financial advisors and allowance for doubtful accounts" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
loan loss provisions arising from operations of rj bank rj bank provides an allowance for loan losses which reflects our continuing evaluation of the probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. refer to note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for discussion of rj bank's policies regarding the allowance for loan losses, and refer to note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for quantitative information regarding the allowance balances as of september 30, 2015.
at september 30, 2015, the amortized cost of all rj bank loans was $13.2 billion and an allowance for loan losses of $172.3 million was recorded against that balance. the total allowance for loan losses is equal to 1.32% of the amortized cost of the loan portfolio.
the uncertainty of the real estate and credit markets continues to influence the complexity involved in estimating the losses inherent in rj bank's loan portfolio. if our underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, the allowance for loan losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. in such an event, any losses would result in a decrease in our net income as well as a decrease in the level of regulatory capital at rj bank.
income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. we utilize the asset and liability method to provide income taxes on all transactions recorded in the consolidated financial statements. this method requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. accordingly, a deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference is determined based on the tax rates that we expect to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns, including the repatriation of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity.
index we have provided for u.s. deferred income taxes on undistributed earnings not considered permanently reinvested in our non-u.s. subsidiaries. to the extent that the cumulative undistributed earnings of non-u.s. subsidiaries are considered to be permanently invested, no deferred u.s. federal income taxes have been provided. because the time or manner of repatriation is uncertain, we cannot determine the impact of local taxes, withholding taxes and foreign tax credits associated with the future repatriation of such earnings, and therefore cannot quantify the tax liability that would be payable in the event all such foreign earnings are repatriated. at the present time, we have no plans or intentions to repatriate funds for which no u.s. income tax has been provided.
see note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information.
effects of recently issued accounting standards, and accounting standards not yet adopted in march 2013, the fasb issued new guidance intended to clarify the applicable guidance for the release of the cumulative translation adjustment when either an entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or involving an equity method investment that is a foreign entity. the new guidance is intended to resolve the diversity in current practice in the accounting for the release of the cumulative translation adjustment into net income for sales or transfers of a controlling financial interest that is in a foreign entity. this new guidance first became effective for our financial report covering the quarter ended december 31, 2014. given that this guidance applies to entity specific transactions and we have had no transactions during fiscal year 2015 which it applies, this guidance has had no impact on our financial position or results of operations.
in june 2013, the fasb issued new guidance intended to amend the scope, measurement and disclosure requirements for investment companies.  the new guidance is intended to change the approach to the investment company assessment, clarify the characteristics of an investment company, require an investment company to measure noncontrolling ownership interests in other investment companies at fair value and requires additional disclosures about the investment company.  this new guidance became effective for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2014.  the adoption of this new guidance did not have any material impact on our financial position, results of operations or disclosures.
in january 2014, the fasb issued new guidance which allows investors in low income housing tax credit programs that meet specified conditions to present the net tax benefits (net of amortization of the cost of the investment) within income tax expense. the cost of the investments that meet the specified conditions will be amortized in proportion to (and over the same period as) the total expected tax benefits, including tax credits and other tax benefits as they are realized on the tax return. this new guidance is first effective for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2015, early adoption is permitted. based upon the nature of our current investments in lihtc structures, we do not meet the specified conditions which allow for election of this accounting treatment and thus this new guidance will not have any direct impact on our financial position or results of operations.
in january 2014, the fasb issued new guidance which clarifies when banks and similar institutions (creditors) should reclassify mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate properties from the loan portfolio to oreo. this guidance defines when an in-substance repossession or foreclosure has occurred and when a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan. this new guidance is first effective for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2015, early adoption is permitted. we do not anticipate that this new guidance will have any material impact on our financial position and results of operations, however, depending on the materiality upon the adoption of this new guidance, it may impact certain of our oreo disclosures.
in april 2014, the fasb issued new guidance which changes the prior guidance regarding the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. under the new guidance, a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity, are required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when any of the following occurs: 1) the component of an entity or group of components of an entity meets certain criteria to be classified as held for sale. 2) the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of by sale. 3) the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of other than by sale (for example by abandonment or in a distribution to owners in a spinoff). the new guidance requires additional disclosures about discontinued operations that meet the above criteria. this new guidance is first effective prospectively, for all disposals of components of an entity that occur commencing with the beginning of our fiscal year 2016, however early adoption is permitted in certain circumstances.  we have not had any disposals of an entity or a group of components of an entity that fall within the scope of this clarifying guidance, that would have provided us the opportunity to consider adopting this guidance early. given that this guidance applies to entity specific transactions, we are unable to estimate the impact, if any, this new guidance may have on our financial position or results of operations.
index in may 2014, the fasb issued new guidance regarding revenue recognition. in august 2015, the fasb amended this new guidance by deferring the initial required implementation date by one year. the new guidance is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. this new guidance is first effective, after the effect of the august 2015 one-year deferral, for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2018, early adoption is permitted in certain circumstances. upon adoption, we may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach with respect to presentation of comparable periods prior to the effective date, we are still evaluating which transition approach to use. in addition, we are continuing our evaluation of the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our financial position and results of operations.
in june 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance regarding "repo-to-maturity" transactions, as well as repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements accounted for as secured borrowings. the amended guidance requires a transferor to account for repo-to-maturity transactions as secured borrowings. this element of the new guidance was first effective for our interim report covering the period ended march 31, 2015, and based upon the nature of the terms of our repurchase agreements, the amended guidance had no impact on our financial position or results of operations as we have historically accounted for our repurchase transactions as secured borrowings. in addition to the accounting aspects of the amended guidance, there are also additional disclosures of certain information regarding repurchase and securities lending transactions required by the amended guidance. the new disclosures required under the guidance were first effective for our interim report covering the period ended june 30, 2015. see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for the required disclosures.
in june 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance for the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. the new guidance requires that a performance target that affects vesting of an award and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. this new guidance is first effective for our interim financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2016, early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our financial position and results of operations.
in august 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance that requires an entity's management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. the new guidance: (1) provides for a definition of substantial doubt, (2) requires an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provides principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of managements plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). this new guidance is first effective for our interim financial report covering the quarter ending after december 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. the adoption of this guidance is not anticipated to have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in november 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance regarding the accounting for hybrid financial instruments (which in this context would apply to any shares of rjf stock that include embedded derivative features such as conversion rights, redemption rights, voting rights, and liquidation and dividend payment preferences) issued in the form of a share. the new guidance clarifies how current gaap should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. this new guidance is first effective for our interim financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2016, early adoption is permitted. the adoption of this guidance is not anticipated to have any impact on our financial position and results of operations.
in november 2014, the fasb issued guidance that provides an acquired entity with an option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements in the reporting period in which a change-in-control event occurs. this new guidance is now effective and requires an acquired entity to make an election to apply the guidance to future change-in-control events. the adoption of this guidance has had no impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in january 2015, the fasb issued guidance that eliminates from gaap the concept of extraordinary items. this new guidance is effective for us for our fiscal year commencing on october 1, 2016, however, early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. the adoption of this new guidance could impact certain presentations in our consolidated statements of income, depending upon the nature of future events and circumstances, but would not impact our determinations of net income presented in such statements.
in february 2015, the fasb issued amended guidance to the consolidation model. this amended guidance: 1) eliminates the deferral of the application of the new consolidation model, which had resulted in the application of prior accounting guidance to consolidation determinations of certain investment funds (see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this
index form 10-k for a discussion of how this deferral is applicable to our managed funds). 2) makes certain changes to the variable interest consolidation model. 3) makes certain changes to the voting interest consolidation model. this amended guidance is effective for us for our fiscal year commencing on october 1, 2016, however, early adoption is permitted, including adoption in any interim period. the adoption of this new guidance is likely to impact our financial statements in the following manner: 1) will likely change certain historical conclusions that we are the primary beneficiary of certain lihtc funds. we currently anticipate that we will deconsolidate each of the non-guaranteed lihtc funds we currently consolidate. 2) we will apply this new guidance to our managed funds, but do not anticipate that we will conclude that we are the primary beneficiary of such managed funds. accordingly, we believe that our historical practice of not consolidating the managed funds will continue after the adoption of this amended guidance. given that we believe the application of this amended guidance will significantly improve the meaningfulness of our consolidated financial statements, we plan early adoption of this amended guidance in the first reporting period after which we have completed all the necessary analysis and documentation of all our investments that are within the scope of this guidance.
in april 2015, the fasb issued guidance governing the presentation of debt issuance costs in the consolidated financial statements. under the new guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are required to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. this new guidance is effective for us for our fiscal year commencing on october 1, 2016, and early adoption is permitted. in august 2015, the fasb issued additional clarifying guidance indicating that for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements, the sec staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. although the new guidance is to be applied on a retrospective basis with the transition amount being reported as a change in accounting principle, given the costs and remaining term associated with our debt issuances to-date, we do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. with respect to the debt issuance costs associated with our august 2015 line-of-credit (see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information on this arrangement), we have applied the clarified guidance discussed above by deferring and amortizing the debt issuance costs associated with this line-of-credit over its term.
in april 2015, the fasb issued guidance governing a customer's accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. under the new guidance, if a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. if a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. this new guidance is effective for us for our fiscal year commencing on october 1, 2016, and may be adopted either prospectively, or retrospectively, as of such date. given that we have a limited number of cloud computing arrangements, we do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in june 2015, the fasb issued amended guidance related to technical corrections and improvements.  this amended guidance: 1) includes amendments related to differences between the original guidance and the codification. 2) provides guidance clarification and reference corrections. 3) streamlines or simplifies the codification through minor structural changes to headings or minor edits of text to improve the usefulness and understandability of the codification. 4) makes minor improvements to the guidance.  the amendments that require transition guidance are effective for our fiscal year commencing on october 1, 2016 and early adoption is permitted.  all other amendments will be effective upon issuance of the amended guidance.  we are currently evaluating the impact, if any, the adoption of this new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in september 2015, the fasb issued guidance governing adjustments to the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill. such adjustments are required when new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have affected the measurement amounts initially recognized or would have resulted in the recognition of additional assets and liabilities. this new guidance eliminates the requirement to retrospectively account for such adjustments. this new guidance is effective for our fiscal year commencing on october 1, 2016, and early adoption is permitted in certain circumstances. we do not expect the adoption of this new guidance to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. where possible, we plan on adopting this simplifying guidance early. given that this guidance applies to entity specific transactions and would only become relevant in certain circumstances, we are unable to estimate the impact, if any, this new guidance may have on our financial position.
off-balance sheet arrangements information concerning our off-balance sheet arrangements is included in note 27 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
index effects of inflation our assets are primarily liquid in nature and are not significantly affected by inflation. however, the rate of inflation affects our expenses, including employee compensation, communications and occupancy, which may not be readily recoverable through charges for services we provide to our clients.