restructuring in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining two organizational layers into one. this includes the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of our 20 areas into 10 and the streamlining of select roles at our phoenix headquarters. we will reinvest and deploy resources into our areas by creating 10 area offices equipped with enhanced teams of operators and functional support roles.  we expect to reduce administrative staffing levels, relocate office space and close certain office locations.  as such, we will incur restructuring charges of approximately $25 million primarily for severance benefits, transition costs and lease termination costs.  substantially all of these charges will be recorded in our corporate segment, and we expect the majority of the charges to be incurred in the first half of 2016.  we expect the savings realized from these restructuring efforts will be re-invested in our customer-focused programs and other initiatives we recently launched.
restructuring in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining two organizational layers into one. this includes the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of our 20 areas into 10 and the streamlining of select roles at our phoenix headquarters.  the areas will be grouped and overseen by two executive vice presidents of operations.  in connection with our restructuring we will further evaluate our 2016 reporting segments.
in january 2016, we realigned our field support functions by combining two organizational layers into one. this includes the elimination of our three regions, the consolidation of our 20 areas into 10 and the streamlining of select roles at our phoenix headquarters.  the areas will be grouped and overseen by two executive vice presidents of operations.  in connection with our restructuring, we will further evaluate our 2016 reporting segments.  we have considered the implications of our restructuring on our reporting units used to measure for goodwill impairment, and we have noted no indicators of goodwill impairment.