item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information in this form 10-k, including management's discussion and analysis - future earnings potential in item 7 of each registrant, and other documents filed by southern company and/or its subsidiaries with the sec from time to time, the following factors should be carefully considered in evaluating southern company and its subsidiaries. such factors could affect actual results and cause results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf of, southern company and/or its subsidiaries.
utility regulatory, legislative, and litigation risks southern company and its subsidiaries are subject to substantial governmental regulation. compliance with current and future regulatory requirements and procurement of necessary approvals, permits, and certificates may result in substantial costs to southern company and its subsidiaries.
southern company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies and southern power, are subject to substantial regulation from federal, state, and local regulatory agencies. southern company and its subsidiaries are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations and to obtain numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from the governmental agencies that regulate various aspects of their businesses, including rates and charges, service regulations, retail service territories, sales of securities, incurrence of indebtedness, asset acquisitions and sales, accounting and tax policies and practices, physical security and cyber-security policies and practices, and the construction and operation of fossil-fuel, nuclear, hydroelectric, solar, wind, and biomass generating facilities, as well as transmission and distribution facilities. for example, the respective state pscs must approve the traditional operating companies' requested rates for retail customers. the traditional operating companies seek to recover their costs (including a reasonable return on invested capital) through their retail rates, and there can be no assurance that a state psc, in a future rate proceeding, will not alter the timing or amount of certain costs for which recovery is allowed or modify the current authorized rate of return. additionally, the rates charged to wholesale customers by the traditional operating companies and by southern power must be approved by the ferc. these wholesale rates could be affected by changes to southern power's ability to conduct business pursuant to ferc market-based rate authority. the ferc rules related to retaining the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates in the wholesale markets are important for the traditional operating companies and southern power if they are to remain competitive in the wholesale markets in which they operate.
the impact of any future revision or changes in interpretations of existing regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations applicable to southern company or any of its subsidiaries cannot now be predicted. changes in regulation or the imposition of additional regulations could influence the operating environment of southern company and its subsidiaries and may result in substantial costs or otherwise negatively affect their results of operations.
the southern company system's costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant. the costs of compliance with current and future environmental laws, including laws and regulations designed to address air quality, water, ccr, global climate change, and other matters and the incurrence of environmental liabilities could negatively impact the net income, cash flows, and financial condition of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and/or southern power.
the southern company system is subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental requirements which, among other things, regulate air emissions, water usage and discharges, and the management and disposal of waste in order to adequately protect the environment. compliance with these environmental requirements requires the traditional operating companies and southern power to commit significant expenditures for installation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at substantially all of their respective facilities. southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power expect that these expenditures will continue to be significant in the future.
on october 23, 2015, the epa published two final actions that would limit co2 emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. one of the final actions contains specific emission standards governing co2 emissions from new, modified, and reconstructed units. the other final action, known as the clean power plan, establishes guidelines for states to develop plans to meet epa-mandated co2 emission rates for existing units. the epa's final guidelines require state plans to meet interim co2 performance rates between 2022 and 2029 and final rates in 2030 and thereafter. the proposed guidelines and standards could result in operational restrictions and material compliance costs, including capital expenditures, which could affect future unit retirement and replacement decisions. on february 9, 2016, the u.s. supreme court granted a stay of the clean power plan, pending disposition of petitions for its review with the courts. the  stay will remain in effect through the resolution of the litigation, whether resolved in the d.c. circuit or the supreme court.
costs associated with these actions could be significant to the utility industry and the southern company system. however, the ultimate financial and operational impact of the final rules on the southern company system cannot be determined at this time i-17
index to financial statements and will depend upon numerous factors, including the southern company system's ongoing review of the final rules; the outcome of legal challenges, including legal challenges filed by the traditional operating companies; individual state implementation of the epa's final guidelines, including the potential that state plans impose different standards; additional rulemaking activities in response to legal challenges and related court decisions; the impact of future changes in generation and emissions-related technology and costs; the impact of future decisions regarding unit retirement and replacement, including the type and amount of any such replacement capacity; and the time periods over which compliance will be required.
the epa has adopted and is in the process of implementing regulations governing air quality, including the emission of nitrogen oxide, sulfur dioxide, fine particulate matter, ozone, mercury, and other air pollutants under the clean air act. in addition, the epa has finalized regulations governing cooling water intake structures, effluent guidelines for steam electric generating plants, and amending the definition of waters of the united states under the clean water act. the epa has also finalized regulations governing the disposal of ccr, including coal ash and gypsum, in landfills and surface impoundments at active power generation plants.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws and regulations related to air quality, water, ccr, global climate change, endangered species, or other environmental and health concerns may be adopted or become applicable to the traditional operating companies and/or southern power.
the southern company system's ultimate environmental compliance strategy, including potential unit retirement and replacement decisions, and future environmental capital expenditures will be affected by the final requirements of new or revised environmental regulations; the time periods over which compliance with regulations is required; individual state implementation of regulations, as applicable; the outcome of any legal challenges to the environmental rules and any additional rulemaking activities in response to legal challenges and court decisions; the cost, availability, and existing inventory of emissions allowances; the impact of future changes in generation and emissions-related technology and costs; and the fuel mix of the electric utilities. compliance costs may arise from existing unit retirements, installation of additional environmental controls, upgrades to the transmission system, closure and monitoring of ccr facilities, and adding or changing fuel sources for certain existing units. environmental compliance spending over the next several years may differ materially from the amounts estimated. such expenditures could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions and results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition if such costs are not recovered on a timely basis through regulated rates or long-term wholesale agreements for the traditional operating companies or market-based rates for southern power. further, higher costs that are recovered through regulated rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity, which could negatively affect results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. additionally, if southern company, any traditional operating company, or southern power fails to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond its control, that failure may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines and/or remediation costs.
litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements such as air quality and water standards, has occurred throughout the u.s. this litigation has included claims for damages alleged to have been caused by co2 and other emissions, ccr, and alleged exposure to hazardous materials, and/or requests for injunctive relief in connection with such matters.
the ultimate cost impact of proposed and final legislation and regulations and litigation are likely to result in significant additional costs and could result in additional operating restrictions.
the net income of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power could be negatively impacted by changes in regulations related to transmission planning processes and competition in the wholesale electric markets.
the traditional operating companies currently own and operate transmission facilities as part of a vertically integrated utility. a small percentage of transmission revenues are collected through the wholesale electric tariff but the majority of transmission revenues are collected through retail rates. ferc rules pertaining to regional transmission planning and cost allocation present challenges to transmission planning and the wholesale market structure in the southeast. the key impacts of these rules include:
•   possible disruption of the integrated resource planning processes within the states in the southern company system's service territory;
•   delays and additional processes for developing transmission plans; and
•   possible impacts on state jurisdiction of approving, certifying, and pricing new transmission facilities.
the ferc rules related to transmission are intended to spur the development of new transmission infrastructure to promote and encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply as well as facilitate competition in the wholesale market by providing more choices to wholesale power customers. in addition to the impacts on transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, financial laws and regulations also impact power hedging and trading based on futures contracts and derivatives that are i-18
index to financial statements traded on various commodities exchanges as well as over-the-counter. finally, technology changes in the power and fuel industries continue to create significant impacts to wholesale transaction cost structures. southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power cannot predict the impact of these and other such developments, nor can they predict the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are typically driven by factors beyond their control. the financial condition, net income, and cash flows of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power could be adversely affected by these and other changes.
the traditional operating companies and southern power could be subject to higher costs as a result of implementing and maintaining compliance with the north american electric reliability corporation mandatory reliability standards along with possible associated penalties for non-compliance.
owners and operators of bulk power systems, including the traditional operating companies, are subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted by the north american electric reliability corporation and enforced by the ferc. compliance with or changes in the mandatory reliability standards may subject the traditional operating companies, southern power, and southern company to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. if any traditional operating company or southern power is found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, such traditional operating company or southern power could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.
operational risks the financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions.
the financial performance of southern company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of its subsidiaries' electric generating, transmission, and distribution facilities and the successful performance of necessary corporate functions. there are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including:
•   operator error or failure of equipment or processes;
•   operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements;
•   transmission disruption or capacity constraints, including with respect to the southern company system's transmission facilities and third party transmission facilities;
•   implementation of new technologies;
•   information technology system failure;
•   an environmental event, such as a spill or release; and
•   catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, floods, droughts, hurricanes, pandemic health events such as influenzas, or other similar occurrences.
a decrease or elimination of revenues from the electric generation, transmission, or distribution facilities or an increase in the cost of operating the facilities would reduce the net income and cash flows and could adversely impact the financial condition of the affected traditional operating company or southern power and of southern company.
operation of nuclear facilities involves inherent risks, including environmental, safety, health, regulatory, natural disasters, terrorism, and financial risks, that could result in fines or the closure of the nuclear units owned by alabama power or georgia power and which may present potential exposures in excess of insurance coverage.
alabama power owns, and contracts for the operation of, two nuclear units and georgia power holds undivided interests in, and contracts for the operation of, four existing nuclear units. the six existing units are operated by southern nuclear and represent approximately 3,680 mws, or 8%, of the southern company system's generation capacity as of december 31, 2015. in addition, these units generated approximately 23% and 25% of the total kwhs generated by alabama power and georgia power, respectively, in the year ended december 31, 2015. in addition, southern nuclear, on behalf of georgia power and the other co-owners, is overseeing the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4. due solely to the increase in nuclear generating capacity, the below risks are expected to increase incrementally once plant vogtle units 3 and 4 are operational. nuclear i-19
index to financial statements facilities are subject to environmental, safety, health, operational, and financial risks such as:
•   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health and safety resulting from a release of radioactive materials in connection with the operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive material, including spent nuclear fuel;
•   uncertainties with respect to the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel and the need for longer term on-site storage;
•   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of licensed lives and the ability to maintain and anticipate adequate capital reserves for decommissioning;
•   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with the nuclear operations of alabama power and georgia power or those of other commercial nuclear facility owners in the u.s.;
•   potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities;
•   significant capital expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, security, and repair of these facilities, including repairs and upgrades required by the nrc;
•   the threat of a possible terrorist attack, including a potential cyber security attack; and
•   the potential impact of an accident or natural disaster.
it is possible that damages, decommissioning, or other costs could exceed the amount of decommissioning trusts or external insurance coverage, including statutorily required nuclear incident insurance.
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. in the event of non-compliance with nrc licensing and safety-related requirements, the nrc has the authority to impose fines and/or shut down any unit, depending upon its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. nrc orders or regulations related to increased security measures and any future safety requirements promulgated by the nrc could require alabama power and georgia power to make substantial operating and capital expenditures at their nuclear plants. in addition, if a serious nuclear incident were to occur, it could result in substantial costs to alabama power or georgia power and southern company. a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to delay or prohibit construction of new nuclear units or require additional safety measures at new and existing units. moreover, a major incident at any nuclear facility in the u.s., including facilities owned and operated by third parties, could require alabama power and georgia power to make material contributory payments.
in addition, potential terrorist threats and increased public scrutiny of utilities could result in increased nuclear licensing or compliance costs that are difficult to predict.
physical or cyber attacks, both threatened and actual, could impact the ability of the traditional operating companies and southern power to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity.
the traditional operating companies and southern power face the risk of physical and cyber attacks, both threatened and actual, against their respective generation facilities, the transmission and distribution infrastructure used to transport power, and their information technology systems and network infrastructure, which could negatively impact the ability of the traditional operating companies or southern power to generate, transport, and deliver power, or otherwise operate their respective facilities in the most efficient manner or at all. in addition, physical or cyber attacks against key suppliers or service providers could have a similar effect on southern company and its subsidiaries.
the traditional operating companies and southern power operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. in addition, in the ordinary course of business, the traditional operating companies and southern power collect and retain sensitive information including personal identification information about customers and employees and other confidential information. the traditional operating companies and southern power face on-going threats to their assets. despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical or cyber attacks. if the traditional operating companies' or southern power's assets were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not recovered in a timely way, the traditional operating companies or southern power may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive and other data could be compromised. any physical security breach, cyber breach or theft, damage, or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data may also subject the applicable traditional operating company or southern power to penalties and claims from regulators or other third parties.
index to financial statements these events could harm the reputation of and negatively affect the financial results of southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power through lost revenues, costs to recover and repair damage, and costs associated with governmental actions in response to such attacks.
the traditional operating companies and southern power may not be able to obtain adequate fuel supplies, which could limit their ability to operate their facilities.
the traditional operating companies and southern power purchase fuel, including coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, and biomass, from a number of suppliers. disruption in the delivery of fuel, including disruptions as a result of, among other things, transportation delays, weather, labor relations, force majeure events, or environmental regulations affecting any of these fuel suppliers, could limit the ability of the traditional operating companies and southern power to operate certain facilities, which could result in higher fuel and operating costs and potentially reduce the net income of the affected traditional operating company or southern power and southern company.
the traditional operating companies and southern power have become more dependent on natural gas for a portion of their electric generating capacity. in many instances, the cost of purchased power for the traditional operating companies and southern power is influenced by natural gas prices. historically, natural gas prices have been more volatile than prices of other fuels. in recent years, domestic natural gas prices have been depressed by robust supplies, including production from shale gas. these market conditions, together with additional regulation of coal-fired generating units, have increased the traditional operating companies' reliance on natural gas-fired generating units.
natural gas supplies can be subject to disruption in the event production or distribution is curtailed, such as in the event of a hurricane, freezing wells, or a pipeline failure. the availability of shale gas and potential regulations affecting its accessibility may have a material impact on the supply and cost of natural gas.
the traditional operating companies are also dependent on coal for a portion of their electric generating capacity. the traditional operating companies depend on coal supply contracts, and there can be no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their obligations to supply coal to the traditional operating companies. the suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or technical problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to the traditional operating companies. in addition, the suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to the traditional operating companies under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. if the traditional operating companies are unable to obtain their coal requirements under these contracts, the traditional operating companies may be required to purchase their coal requirements at higher prices, which may not be recoverable through rates.
the revenues of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power depend in part on sales under ppas. the failure of a counterparty to one of these ppas to perform its obligations, the failure of the traditional operating companies or southern power to satisfy minimum requirements under the ppas, or the failure to renew the ppas or successfully remarket the related generating capacity, could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional operating company or southern power and of southern company.
most of southern power's generating capacity has been sold to purchasers under ppas. southern power's top three customers, georgia power, florida power & light company, and duke energy corporation, accounted for 15.8%, 10.7%, and 8.2%, respectively, of southern power's total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015. in addition, the traditional operating companies enter into ppas with non-affiliated parties. revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the purchasers of their obligations under these ppas. the failure of one of the purchasers to perform its obligations could have a negative impact on the net income and cash flows of the affected traditional operating company or southern power and of southern company. although the credit evaluations undertaken and contractual protections implemented by southern power and the traditional operating companies take into account the possibility of default by a purchaser, actual exposure to a default by a purchaser may be greater than predicted or specified in the applicable contract. additionally, neither southern power nor any traditional operating company can predict whether the ppas will be renewed at the end of their respective terms or on what terms any renewals may be made. as an example, gulf power had long-term sales contracts to cover 100% of its ownership share of plant scherer unit 3 (205 mws) and these capacity revenues represented 82% of gulf power's total wholesale capacity revenues for 2015. due to the expiration of a wholesale contract at the end of 2015 and future expiration dates of the remaining wholesale contracts for the unit, gulf power currently has contracts to cover 34% of the unit for 2016 and 27% of the unit through 2019. although gulf power is actively evaluating alternatives relating to this asset, including replacement wholesale contracts, the expiration of the contract in 2015 and the scheduled future expiration of the remaining contracts will have a material negative impact on gulf power's earnings in 2016 and may continue to have a material negative impact in future years. in addition, the failure of the traditional operating companies or southern power to satisfy minimum operational or availability requirements under these ppas could result in payment of damages or termination of the ppas.
index to financial statements changes in technology may make southern company's electric generating facilities owned by the traditional operating companies and southern power less competitive.
a key element of the business models of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power is that generating power at central station power plants achieves economies of scale and produces power at a competitive cost. there are distributed generation and storage technologies that produce and store power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, solar cells, and batteries. advances in technology or changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of these or other alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of most central station power electric production or result in smaller-scale, more fuel efficient, and/or more cost effective distributed generation. broader use of distributed generation by retail electric customers may also result from customers' changing perceptions of the merits of utilizing existing generation technology or tax or other economic incentives. additionally, there can be no assurance that a state psc or legislature will not attempt to modify certain aspects of the traditional operating companies' business as a result of these advances in technology. if these technologies became cost competitive and achieve sufficient scale, the market share of the traditional operating companies and southern power could be eroded, and the value of their respective electric generating facilities could be reduced. it is also possible that rapid advances in central station power generation technology could reduce the value of the current electric generating facilities owned by the traditional operating companies and southern power. changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, which could reduce the revenues or increase the expenses of southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power. if state pscs fail to adjust rates to reflect the impact of any changes in loads, increasing self-generation, and the growth of distributed generation, the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of southern company and the traditional operating companies could be materially adversely affected.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact southern company's and its subsidiaries' results of operations.
events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges such as lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development, including with the workforce needs associated with major construction projects and ongoing operations. the southern company system's costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs, and safety costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect southern company and its subsidiaries' ability to manage and operate their businesses. if southern company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies, are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, results of operations could be negatively impacted.
construction risks southern company, the traditional operating companies, and/or southern power may incur additional costs or delays in the construction of new plants or other facilities and may not be able to recover their investments. also, existing facilities of the traditional operating companies and southern power require ongoing capital expenditures, including those to meet environmental standards.
general the businesses of the registrants require substantial capital expenditures for investments in new facilities and capital improvements to transmission, distribution, and generation facilities, including those to meet environmental standards. certain of the traditional operating companies and southern power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental controls equipment at existing generating facilities. the southern company system intends to continue its strategy of developing and constructing other new facilities, expanding existing facilities, and adding environmental control equipment. these types of projects are long-term in nature and in some cases include the development and construction of facilities with designs that have not been finalized or previously constructed. the completion of these types of projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks, including:
•   shortages and inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor;
•   changes in labor costs and productivity;
•   contractor or supplier delay or non-performance under construction or other agreements or non-performance by other major participants in construction projects;
index to financial statements
•   delays associated with start-up activities, including major equipment failure and system integration, and/or operational performance (including additional costs to satisfy any operational parameters ultimately adopted by any psc);
•   operational readiness, including specialized operator training and required site safety programs;
•   impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations;
•   the outcome of legal challenges to projects, including legal challenges to regulatory approvals;
•   continued public and policymaker support for such projects;
•   adverse weather conditions or natural disasters;
•   other unforeseen engineering or design problems;
•   changes in project design or scope;
•   environmental and geological conditions;
•   unanticipated cost increases, including materials and labor, and increased financing costs as a result of changes in market interest rates or as a result of construction schedule delays.
if a traditional operating company or southern power is unable to complete the development or construction of a facility or decides to delay or cancel construction of a facility, it may not be able to recover its investment in that facility and may incur substantial cancellation payments under equipment purchase orders or construction contracts. even if a construction project is completed, the total costs may be higher than estimated and there is no assurance that the traditional operating company will be able to recover such expenditures through regulated rates. in addition, construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls can result in the loss of revenues and may, in turn, adversely affect the net income and financial position of a traditional operating company or southern power and of southern company.
construction delays could result in the loss of otherwise available investment tax credits, production tax credits, and other tax incentives. furthermore, if construction projects are not completed according to specification, a traditional operating company or southern power and southern company may incur liabilities and suffer reduced plant efficiency, higher operating costs, and reduced net income.
once facilities come into commercial operation, ongoing capital expenditures are required to maintain reliable levels of operation. significant portions of the traditional operating companies' existing facilities were constructed many years ago. older generation equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures to maintain efficiency, to comply with changing environmental requirements, or to provide reliable operations.
the two largest construction projects currently underway in the southern company system are the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4 and the kemper igcc. in addition, southern power has 691 mws (based on its equity ownership) of renewable generation under construction at eight project sites.
plant vogtle units 3 and 4 construction southern nuclear, on behalf of georgia power and the other co-owners, is overseeing the construction of and will operate plant vogtle units 3 and 4 (each, an approximately 1,100 mw ap1000 nuclear generating unit). georgia power owns 45.7% of the new units. the nrc certified the westinghouse design control document, as amended (dcd), for the ap1000 nuclear reactor design, in late 2011, and issued combined cols in early 2012. receipt of the cols allowed full construction to begin. there have been technical and procedural challenges to the construction and licensing of plant vogtle units 3 and 4, at the federal and state level, and additional challenges may arise as construction proceeds.
georgia power is required to file semi-annual vogtle construction monitoring (vcm) reports with the georgia psc by february 28 and august 31 each year. if the projected construction capital costs to be borne by georgia power increase by 5% above the certified cost or the projected in-service dates are significantly extended, georgia power is required to seek an amendment to the plant vogtle units 3 and 4 certificate from the georgia psc. in february 2013, georgia power requested an amendment to the certificate to increase the estimated in-service capital cost of plant vogtle units 3 and 4 from $4.4 billion to $4.8 billion and to extend the estimated in-service dates to the fourth quarter 2017 (from april 2016) and the fourth quarter 2018 (from april 2017) for plant vogtle units 3 and 4, respectively. in october 2013, the georgia psc approved a stipulation (2013 stipulation) between georgia power and the georgia psc staff (staff) to waive the requirement to amend the plant vogtle units 3 and 4 certificate until the completion of plant vogtle unit 3 or earlier if deemed appropriate by the georgia psc and georgia power.
index to financial statements on april 15, 2015, the georgia psc issued a procedural order in connection with the twelfth vcm report, which included a requested amendment (requested amendment) to the plant vogtle units 3 and 4 certificate to reflect the contractor's revised forecast for completion of plant vogtle units 3 and 4 (second quarter of 2019 and second quarter of 2020, respectively) as well as additional estimated vogtle owner's costs, of approximately $10 million per month, including property taxes, oversight costs, compliance costs, and other operational readiness costs to include the estimated vogtle owner's costs associated with the proposed 18-month contractor delay and to increase the estimated total in-service capital cost of plant vogtle units 3 and 4 to $5.0 billion. pursuant to the georgia psc's procedural order, the georgia psc deemed the requested amendment unnecessary and withdrawn until the completion of construction of plant vogtle unit 3 consistent with the 2013 stipulation. the georgia psc recognized that the certified cost and the 2013 stipulation do not constitute a cost recovery cap.
in 2012, the vogtle owners and the contractor commenced litigation (vogtle construction litigation) regarding the costs associated with design changes to the dcd and the delays in the timing of approval of the dcd and issuance of the cols, including the assertion by the contractor that the vogtle owners are responsible for these costs under the terms of the engineering, procurement, and construction contract between the vogtle owners and the contractor (vogtle 3 and 4 agreement).
on december 31, 2015, westinghouse and the vogtle owners entered into a definitive settlement agreement (contractor settlement agreement) to resolve disputes between the vogtle owners and the contractor under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement, including the vogtle construction litigation. effective december 31, 2015, georgia power, acting for itself and as agent for the other vogtle owners, and the contractor entered into an amendment to the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement to implement the contractor settlement agreement. the contractor settlement agreement and the related amendment to the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement (i) restrict the contractor's ability to seek further increases in the contract price by clarifying and limiting the circumstances that constitute nuclear regulatory changes in law; (ii) provide for enhanced dispute resolution procedures; (iii) revise the guaranteed substantial completion dates to match the current estimated in-service dates of june 30, 2019 for unit 3 and june 30, 2020 for unit 4; (iv) provide that delay liquidated damages will now commence from the current estimated nuclear fuel loading date for each unit, which is december 31, 2018 for unit 3 and december 31, 2019 for unit 4, rather than the original guaranteed substantial completion dates under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement; and (v) provide that georgia power, based on its ownership interest, will pay to the contractor and capitalize to the project cost approximately $350 million, of which approximately $120 million has been paid previously under the dispute resolution procedures of the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement. further, subsequent to december 31, 2015, georgia power paid approximately $121 million under the terms of the contractor settlement agreement. in addition, the contractor settlement agreement provides for the resolution of other open existing items relating to the scope of the project under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement, including cyber security, for which costs were reflected in georgia power's previously disclosed in-service cost estimate. further, as part of the settlement: (i) westinghouse has engaged fluor enterprises, inc., a subsidiary of fluor corporation, as a new construction subcontractor; and (ii) the vogtle owners, chicago bridge & iron company n.v., and the shaw group inc. have entered into mutual releases of any and all claims arising out of events or circumstances in connection with the construction of plant vogtle units 3 and 4 that occurred on or before the date of the contractor settlement agreement. on january 5, 2016, the vogtle construction litigation was dismissed with prejudice.
on january 21, 2016, georgia power submitted the contractor settlement agreement and the related amendment to the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement to the georgia psc for its review. on february 2, 2016, the georgia psc ordered georgia power to file supplemental information by april 5, 2016 in support of the contractor settlement agreement and georgia power's position that all construction costs to date have been prudently incurred and that the current estimated in-service capital cost and schedule are reasonable. following georgia power's filing under the order, the staff will conduct a review of all costs incurred related to plant vogtle units 3 and 4, the schedule for completion of plant vogtle units 3 and 4, and the contractor settlement agreement and the staff is authorized to engage in related settlement discussions with georgia power and any intervenors.
the order provides that the staff is required to report to the georgia psc by october 5, 2016 with respect to the status of its review and any settlement-related negotiations. if a settlement with the staff is reached with respect to costs of plant vogtle units 3 and 4, the georgia psc will then conduct a hearing to consider whether to approve that settlement. if a settlement with the staff is not reached, the georgia psc will determine how to proceed, including (i) modifying the 2013 stipulation, (ii) directing georgia power to file a request for an amendment to the certificate for plant vogtle units 3 and 4, (iii) issuing a scheduling order to address remaining disputed issues, or (iv) taking any other option within its authority.
the georgia psc has approved thirteen vcm reports covering the periods through june 30, 2015, including construction capital costs incurred, which through that date totaled $3.1 billion. on february 26, 2016, georgia power filed its fourteenth vcm report with the georgia psc covering the period from july 1 through december 31, 2015. the fourteenth vcm report does not include a requested amendment to the certified cost of plant vogtle units 3 and 4. georgia power is requesting approval of $160 million of construction capital costs incurred during that period. georgia power anticipates to incur average financing costs of approximately $27 million per month from january 2016 until plant vogtle units 3 and 4 are placed in i-24
index to financial statements service. the updated in-service capital cost forecast is $5.44 billion and includes costs related to the contractor settlement agreement. estimated financing costs during the construction period total approximately $2.4 billion. georgia power's cwip balance for plant vogtle units 3 and 4 was approximately $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2015.
processes are in place that are designed to assure compliance with the requirements specified in the dcd and the cols, including inspections by southern nuclear and the nrc that occur throughout construction. as a result of such compliance processes, certain license amendment requests have been filed and approved or are pending before the nrc. various design and other licensing-based compliance issues may arise as construction proceeds, which may result in additional license amendments or require other resolution. if any license amendment requests or other licensing-based compliance issues are not resolved in a timely manner, there may be delays in the project schedule that could result in increased costs either to the vogtle owners or the contractor or to both.
as construction continues, the risk remains that challenges with contractor performance including fabrication, assembly, delivery, and installation of the shield building and structural modules, delays in the receipt of the remaining permits necessary for the operation of plant vogtle units 3 and 4, or other issues could arise and may further impact project schedule and cost. in addition, the internal revenue service allocated production tax credits to each of plant vogtle units 3 and 4, which require the applicable unit to be placed in service before 2021.
future claims by the contractor or georgia power (on behalf of the vogtle owners) could arise throughout construction. these claims may be resolved through formal and informal dispute resolution procedures under the vogtle 3 and 4 agreement and, under the enhanced dispute resolution procedures, may be resolved through litigation after the completion of nuclear fuel load for both units.
kemper igcc construction in 2012, the mississippi psc issued a detailed order confirming the cpcn originally approved by the mississippi psc in 2010 authorizing the acquisition, construction, and operation of the kemper igcc (2012 mpsc cpcn order). the certificated cost estimate of the kemper igcc included in the 2012 mpsc cpcn order was $2.4 billion, net of $245 million of doe grants and excluding the cost of the lignite mine and equipment, the cost of the co2 pipeline facilities, and afudc related to the kemper igcc. the 2012 mpsc cpcn order approved a construction cost cap of up to $2.88 billion, with recovery of prudently-incurred costs subject to approval by the mississippi psc. the kemper igcc was originally projected to be placed in service in may 2014. mississippi power placed the combined cycle and the associated common facilities portion of the kemper igcc in service using natural gas in august 2014 and currently expects to place the remainder of the kemper igcc, including the gasifier and the gas clean-up facilities, in service during the third quarter 2016.
mississippi power does not intend to seek rate recovery for any costs related to the construction of the kemper igcc that exceed the $2.88 billion cost cap, net of the doe grants and excluding the cost of the lignite mine and equipment, the cost of the co2 pipeline facilities, afudc, and certain general exceptions, including change of law, force majeure, and beneficial capital (which exists when mississippi power demonstrates that the purpose and effect of the construction cost increase is to produce efficiencies that will result in a neutral or favorable effect on customers relative to the original proposal for the cpcn) (cost cap exceptions). southern company and mississippi power recorded pre-tax charges to income for revisions to the cost estimate above the cost cap of $365 million ($226 million after tax), $868 million ($536 million after tax), and $1.1 billion ($681 million after tax) in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the increases to the cost estimate in 2015 primarily reflect costs for the extension of the kemper igcc's projected in-service date through august 31, 2016, increased efforts related to scope modifications, additional labor costs in support of start-up and operational readiness activities, and system repairs and modifications after startup testing and commissioning activities identified necessary remediation of equipment installation, fabrication, and design issues, including the refractory lining inside the gasifiers; the lignite feed and dryer systems; and the syngas cooler vessels.
any extension of the in-service date beyond august 31, 2016 is currently estimated to result in additional base costs of approximately $25 million to $35 million per month, which includes maintaining necessary levels of start-up labor, materials, and fuel, as well as operational resources required to execute start-up and commissioning activities. however, additional costs may be required for remediation of any further equipment and/or design issues identified. any extension of the in-service date with respect to the kemper igcc beyond august 31, 2016 would also increase costs for the cost cap exceptions, which are not subject to the $2.88 billion cost cap established by the mississippi psc. these costs include afudc, which is currently estimated to total approximately $13 million per month, as well as carrying costs and operating expenses on kemper igcc assets placed in service and consulting and legal fees of approximately $2 million per month.
mississippi power's analysis of the time needed to complete the start-up and commissioning activities for the kemper igcc will continue until the remaining kemper igcc assets are placed in service. further cost increases and/or extensions of the in-service date with respect to the kemper igcc may result from factors including, but not limited to, labor costs and productivity, adverse weather conditions, shortages and inconsistent quality of equipment, materials, and labor, contractor or i-25
index to financial statements supplier delay, non-performance under operating or other agreements, operational readiness, including specialized operator training and required site safety programs, unforeseen engineering or design problems, start-up activities for this first-of-a-kind technology (including major equipment failure and system integration), and/or operational performance (including additional costs to satisfy any operational parameters ultimately adopted by the mississippi psc). in subsequent periods, any further changes in the estimated costs to complete construction and start-up of the kemper igcc subject to the $2.88 billion cost cap, net of the doe grants and excluding the cost cap exceptions, will be reflected in southern company's and mississippi power's statements of operations and these changes could be material.
in january 2013, mississippi power entered into a settlement agreement with the mississippi psc that was intended to establish the process for resolving matters regarding cost recovery related to the kemper igcc (2013 settlement agreement). under the 2013 settlement agreement, mississippi power agreed to limit the portion of prudently-incurred kemper igcc costs to be included in retail rate base to the $2.4 billion certificated cost estimate, plus the cost cap exceptions, but excluding afudc, and any other costs permitted or determined to be excluded from the $2.88 billion cost cap by the mississippi psc. in march 2013, the mississippi psc issued a rate order approving retail rate increases of 15% effective march 19, 2013 and 3% effective january 1, 2014, which collectively were designed to collect $156 million annually beginning in 2014 (2013 mpsc rate order) to be used to mitigate customer rate impacts after the kemper igcc is placed in service.
on february 12, 2015, the mississippi supreme court (court) issued its decision in the legal challenge to the 2013 mpsc rate order. the court reversed the 2013 mpsc rate order based on, among other things, its findings that (1) the rate treatment was not provided for under the baseload act and (2) the mississippi psc should have determined the prudence of kemper igcc costs before approving rate recovery through the 2013 mpsc rate order. the court also found the 2013 settlement agreement unenforceable due to a lack of public notice for the related proceedings. on july 7, 2015, the mississippi psc ordered that the rates be terminated effective july 20, 2015 and required the fourth quarter 2015 refund of the $342 million collected under the 2013 mpsc rate order, along with associated carrying costs of $29 million.
as a result of the 2015 court decision, on july 10, 2015, mississippi power filed a request for interim rates with the mississippi psc which presented an alternative rate proposal (in-service asset proposal) for consideration by the mississippi psc. the in-service asset proposal was based upon the test period of june 2015 to may 2016, was designed to recover mississippi power's costs associated with the kemper igcc assets that are commercially operational and currently providing service to customers (the transmission facilities, combined cycle, natural gas pipeline, and water pipeline) and other related costs, and was designed to collect approximately $159 million annually. on august 13, 2015, the mississippi psc approved the implementation of interim rates that became effective with the first billing cycle in september, subject to refund and certain other conditions.
on december 3, 2015, the mississippi psc issued an order (in-service asset rate order) adopting in full a stipulation (the 2015 stipulation) entered into between mississippi power and the mississippi public utilities staff regarding the in-service asset proposal. consistent with the 2015 stipulation, the in-service asset rate order provides for retail rate recovery of an annual revenue requirement of approximately $126 million, based on mississippi power's actual average capital structure, with a maximum common equity percentage of 49.733%, a 9.225% return on common equity, and actual embedded interest costs during the test period. the in-service asset rate order also includes a prudence finding of all costs in the stipulated revenue requirement calculation for the in-service assets.
with implementation of the new rate on december 17, 2015, the interim rates were terminated and mississippi power recorded a customer refund of approximately $11 million in december 2015 for the difference between the interim rates collected and the permanent rates. the refund is required to be completed by march 16, 2016.
pursuant to the in-service asset rate order, mississippi power is required to file a subsequent rate request within 18 months. as part of the filing, mississippi power expects to request recovery of certain costs that the mississippi psc had excluded from the revenue requirement calculation.
on february 25, 2016, greenleaf co2 solutions, llc filed a notice of appeal of the in-service asset rate order with the court. mississippi power believes the appeal has no merit; however, an adverse outcome in this appeal could have a material impact on southern company's results of operations. the ultimate outcome of this matter cannot be determined at this time.
legislation to authorize a multi-year rate plan and legislation to provide for alternate financing through securitization of up to $1.0 billion of prudently-incurred costs was enacted into law in 2013. mississippi power expects to securitize prudently-incurred qualifying facility costs in excess of the certificated cost estimate of $2.4 billion. qualifying facility costs include, but are not limited to, pre-construction costs, construction costs, regulatory costs, and accrued afudc.
in 2010 and as amended in 2012, mississippi power and smepa entered into an agreement whereby smepa agreed to purchase a 15% undivided interest in the kemper igcc. on may 20, 2015, smepa notified mississippi power that it was terminating the agreement. mississippi power had previously received a total of $275 million of deposits from smepa that were returned by southern company to smepa, with interest of approximately $26 million, on june 3, 2015, as a result of the i-26
index to financial statements termination, pursuant to its guarantee obligation. subsequently, mississippi power issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of approximately $301 million to southern company, which matures december 1, 2017. the in-service asset proposal and the related rates approved by the mississippi psc excluded any costs associated with the 15% undivided interest. mississippi power continues to evaluate its alternatives with respect to its investment and the related costs associated with the 15% undivided interest.
mississippi power expects to seek additional rate relief to address recovery of the remaining kemper igcc assets. in addition to current estimated costs at december 31, 2015 of $6.63 billion, mississippi power anticipates that it will incur additional costs after the kemper igcc in-service date until the kemper igcc cost recovery approach is finalized. these costs include, but are not limited to, regulatory costs and additional carrying costs which could be material. recovery of these costs would be subject to approval by the mississippi psc.
mississippi power also expects the mississippi psc to apply operational parameters in connection with future proceedings related to the operation of the kemper igcc. to the extent the mississippi psc determines the kemper igcc does not meet the operational parameters ultimately adopted by the mississippi psc or mississippi power incurs additional costs to satisfy such parameters, there could be a material adverse impact on mississippi power's financial statements.
mississippi power has entered into agreements with denbury onshore (denbury), a subsidiary of denbury resources inc., and treetop midstream services, llc (treetop), an affiliate of tellus operating group, llc and a subsidiary of tengrys, llc, pursuant to which denbury will purchase 70% of the co2 captured from the kemper igcc and treetop will purchase 30% of the co2 captured from the kemper igcc. the agreements with denbury and treetop provide denbury and treetop with termination rights as mississippi power has not satisfied its contractual obligation to deliver captured co2 by may 11, 2015. since may 11, 2015, mississippi power has been engaged in ongoing discussions with its off-takers regarding the status of the co2 delivery schedule as well as other issues related to the co2 agreements. as a result of discussions with treetop, on august 3, 2015, mississippi power agreed to amend certain provisions of their agreement that do not affect pricing or minimum purchase quantities. potential requirements imposed on co2 off-takers under the clean power plan (if ultimately enacted in its current form, pending resolution of litigation) and the potential adverse financial impact of low oil prices on the off-takers increase the risk that the co2 contracts may be terminated or materially modified. any termination or material modification of these agreements could result in a material reduction in mississippi power's revenues to the extent mississippi power is not able to enter into other similar contractual arrangements. additionally, if the contracts remain in place, sustained oil price reductions could result in significantly lower revenues than mississippi power forecasted to be available to offset customer rate impacts, which could have a material impact on mississippi power's financial statements.
the ultimate outcome of these matters, including the resolution of legal challenges, determinations of prudency, and the specific manner of recovery of prudently-incurred costs, is subject to further regulatory actions and cannot be determined at this time.
financial, economic, and market risks the generation operations and energy marketing operations of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power are subject to risks, many of which are beyond their control, including changes in power prices and fuel costs, which may reduce southern company's, the traditional operating companies', and/or southern power's revenues and increase costs.
the generation operations and energy marketing operations of the southern company system are subject to changes in power prices and fuel costs, which could increase the cost of producing power or decrease the amount received from the sale of power. the market prices for these commodities may fluctuate significantly over relatively short periods of time. among the factors that could influence power prices and fuel costs are:
•   prevailing market prices for coal, natural gas, uranium, fuel oil, biomass, and other fuels used in the generation facilities of the traditional operating companies and southern power, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;
•   demand for energy and the extent of additional supplies of energy available from current or new competitors;
•   liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market;
•   weather conditions impacting demand for electricity;
•   transmission or transportation constraints, disruptions, or inefficiencies;
•   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources;
index to financial statements
•   forced or unscheduled plant outages for the southern company system, its competitors, or third party providers;
•   the financial condition of market participants;
•   the economy in the service territory, the nation, and worldwide, including the impact of economic conditions on demand for electricity and the demand for fuels;
•   natural disasters, wars, embargos, acts of terrorism, and other catastrophic events; and
•   federal, state, and foreign energy and environmental regulation and legislation.
certain of these factors could increase the expenses of the traditional operating companies or southern power and southern company. for the traditional operating companies, such increases may not be fully recoverable through rates. other of these factors could reduce the revenues of the traditional operating companies or southern power and southern company.
historically, the traditional operating companies from time to time have experienced underrecovered fuel cost balances and may experience such balances in the future. while the traditional operating companies are generally authorized to recover fuel costs through fuel cost recovery clauses, recovery may be denied if costs are deemed to be imprudently incurred, and delays in the authorization of such recovery could negatively impact the cash flows of the affected traditional operating company and southern company.
southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, including increased energy conservation, and adoption patterns of technologies by the customers of the traditional operating companies and southern power.
the consumption and use of energy are fundamentally linked to economic activity. this relationship is affected over time by changes in the economy, customer behaviors, and technologies. any economic downturn could negatively impact customer growth and usage per customer, thus reducing the sales of electricity and revenues. additionally, any economic downturn or disruption of financial markets, both nationally and internationally, could negatively affect the financial stability of customers and counterparties of the traditional operating companies and southern power.
outside of economic disruptions, changes in customer behaviors in response to energy efficiency programs, changing conditions and preferences or changes in the adoption of technologies could affect the relationship of economic activity to the consumption of electricity.
both federal and state programs exist to influence how customers use energy, and several of the traditional operating companies have psc mandates to promote energy efficiency. conservation programs could impact the financial results of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power in different ways. for example, if any traditional operating company is required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact on such traditional operating company and southern company. customers could also voluntarily reduce their consumption of electricity in response to decreases in their disposable income, increases in energy prices, or individual conservation efforts.
in addition, the adoption of technology by customers can have both positive and negative impacts on sales. many new technologies utilize less energy than in the past. however, new electric technologies such as electric vehicles can create additional demand. there can be no assurance that the southern company system's planning processes will appropriately estimate and incorporate the impacts of changes in customer behavior, state and federal programs, psc mandates, and technology.
all of the factors discussed above could adversely affect southern company's, the traditional operating companies', and/or southern power's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the operating results of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power are affected by weather conditions and may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis. in addition, significant weather events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts, and winter storms, could result in substantial damage to or limit the operation of the properties of the traditional operating companies and/or southern power and could negatively impact results of operation, financial condition, and liquidity.
electric power supply is generally a seasonal business. in many parts of the country, demand for power peaks during the summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time. in other areas, power demand peaks during the winter. as a result, the overall operating results of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. in addition, the traditional operating companies and southern power have historically sold less power when weather conditions are milder. unusually mild weather in the future could reduce the revenues, net income, and available cash of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and/or southern power.
in addition, volatile or significant weather events could result in substantial damage to the transmission and distribution lines of i-28
index to financial statements the traditional operating companies and the generating facilities of the traditional operating companies and southern power. the traditional operating companies and southern power have significant investments in the atlantic and gulf coast regions and southern power has wind investments in oklahoma which could be subject to major storm activity. further, severe drought conditions can reduce the availability of water and restrict or prevent the operation of certain generating facilities.
in the event a traditional operating company experiences any of these weather events or any natural disaster or other catastrophic event, recovery of costs in excess of reserves and insurance coverage is subject to the approval of its state psc. historically, the traditional operating companies from time to time have experienced deficits in their storm cost recovery reserve balances and may experience such deficits in the future. any denial by the applicable state psc or delay in recovery of any portion of such costs could have a material negative impact on a traditional operating company's and southern company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
in addition, damages resulting from significant weather events within the service territory of any traditional operating company or affecting southern power's customers may result in the loss of customers and reduced demand for electricity for extended periods. any significant loss of customers or reduction in demand for electricity could have a material negative impact on a traditional operating company's or southern power's and southern company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
southern company may be unable to meet its ongoing and future financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock if its subsidiaries are unable to pay upstream dividends or repay funds to southern company.
southern company is a holding company and, as such, southern company has no operations of its own. substantially all of southern company's consolidated assets are held by subsidiaries. southern company's ability to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock is primarily dependent on the net income and cash flows of its subsidiaries and their ability to pay upstream dividends or to repay funds to southern company. prior to funding southern company, southern company's subsidiaries have regulatory restrictions and financial obligations that must be satisfied, including among others, debt service and preferred and preference stock dividends. southern company's subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to provide southern company with funds. in addition, southern company may provide capital contributions or debt financing to subsidiaries under certain circumstances, which would reduce southern company's funds available to meet its financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
a downgrade in the credit ratings of southern company, any of the traditional operating companies, or southern power could negatively affect their ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or could require southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power to post collateral or replace certain indebtedness.
there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power, including capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other commitments for capital. southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power could experience a downgrade in their ratings if any rating agency concludes that the level of business or financial risk of the industry or southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power has deteriorated. changes in ratings methodologies by the agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings. if one or more rating agencies downgrade southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power, borrowing costs would increase, including automatic increases in interest rates under applicable term loans and credit facilities, the pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and, particularly for any downgrade to below investment grade, significant collateral requirements may be triggered in a number of contracts. any credit rating downgrades could require a traditional operating company or southern power to alter the mix of debt financing currently used, and could require the issuance of secured indebtedness and/or indebtedness with additional restrictive covenants.
uncertainty in demand for power can result in lower earnings or higher costs. if demand for power falls short of expectations, it could result in potentially stranded assets. if demand for power exceeds expectations, it could result in increased costs for purchasing capacity in the open market or building additional generation and transmission facilities.
southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power each engage in a long-term planning process to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations. this planning process must look many years into the future in order to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction of new generation and associated transmission facilities. inherent risk exists in predicting demand this far into the future as these future loads are dependent on many uncertain factors, including regional economic conditions, customer usage patterns, efficiency programs, and customer technology adoption. because regulators may not permit the traditional operating companies to adjust rates to recover the costs of new generation and associated transmission assets in a timely manner or at all, the traditional operating companies may not be able to fully recover these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of additional capacity and the traditional operating companies' recovery in customers' rates. in addition, under southern power's model of selling capacity and energy at negotiated market-
index to financial statements based rates under long-term ppas, southern power might not be able to fully execute its business plan if market prices drop below original forecasts. southern power and/or the traditional operating companies may not be able to extend existing ppas or to find new buyers for existing generation assets as existing ppas expire, or they may be forced to market these assets at prices lower than originally intended. these situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected traditional operating company or southern power and for southern company.
the traditional operating companies and southern power are currently obligated to supply power to retail customers and wholesale customers under long-term ppas. at peak times, the demand for power required to meet this obligation could exceed the southern company system's available generation capacity. market or competitive forces may require that the traditional operating companies or southern power purchase capacity on the open market or build additional generation and transmission facilities. because regulators may not permit the traditional operating companies to pass all of these purchase or construction costs on to their customers, the traditional operating companies may not be able to recover some or all of these costs or may have exposure to regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs of purchased or constructed capacity and the traditional operating companies' recovery in customers' rates. under southern power's long-term fixed price ppas, southern power would not have the ability to recover any of these costs. these situations could have negative impacts on net income and cash flows for the affected traditional operating company or southern power and for southern company.
the businesses of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power are dependent on their ability to successfully access funds through capital markets and financial institutions. the inability of southern company, any traditional operating company, or southern power to access funds may limit its ability to execute its business plan by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows.
southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power rely on access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity for capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. if southern company, any traditional operating company, or southern power is not able to access capital at competitive rates or on favorable terms, its ability to implement its business plan will be limited by impacting its ability to fund capital investments or acquisitions that southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power may otherwise rely on to achieve future earnings and cash flows. in addition, southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power rely on committed bank lending agreements as back-up liquidity which allows them to access low cost money markets. each of southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power believes that it will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets based upon current credit ratings. however, certain events or market disruptions may increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect the ability to raise capital through the issuance of securities or other borrowing arrangements or the ability to secure committed bank lending agreements used as back-up sources of capital. such disruptions could include:
•   an economic downturn or uncertainty;
•   bankruptcy or financial distress at an unrelated energy company, financial institution, or sovereign entity;
•   capital markets volatility and disruption, either nationally or internationally;
•   changes in tax policy such as dividend tax rates;
•   market prices for electricity and gas;
•   war or threat of war; or
•   the overall health of the utility and financial institution industries.
mississippi power's financial condition and its ability to obtain financing needed for normal business operations and completion of construction and start-up of the kemper igcc were adversely affected by (i) the return of approximately $301 million of interest bearing refundable deposits to smepa in june 2015 in connection with the termination of the apa; (ii) the required refund of approximately $371 million of rate collections, including associated carrying costs, and the termination of those rates; and (iii) the required recapture of phase ii tax credits. mississippi power expects to refinance its 2016 debt maturities with bank term loans. mississippi power intends to utilize operating cash flows and lines of credit (to the extent available) as well as loans and, under certain circumstances, equity contributions from southern company to fund the remainder of mississippi power's capital needs.
in addition, georgia power's ability to make future borrowings through its term loan credit facility with the federal financing bank is subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions, as well as certification of compliance with the requirements of the loan guarantee program under title xvii of the energy policy act of 2005, including accuracy of project-related representations and warranties, delivery of updated project-related information and evidence of compliance with the prevailing i-30
index to financial statements wage requirements of the davis-bacon act of 1931, as amended, and certification from the doe's consulting engineer that proceeds of the advances are used to reimburse certain costs of construction relating to plant vogtle units 3 and 4 that are eligible for financing under the title xvii loan guarantee program.
volatility in the securities markets, interest rates, and other factors could substantially increase defined benefit pension and other postretirement plan costs and the costs of nuclear decommissioning.
the costs of providing pension and other postretirement benefit plans are dependent on a number of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plan, changes in actuarial assumptions, future government regulation, changes in life expectancy, and the frequency and amount of the southern company system's required or voluntary contributions made to the plans. changes in actuarial assumptions and differences between the assumptions and actual values, as well as a significant decline in the value of investments that fund the pension and other postretirement plans, if not offset or mitigated by a decline in plan liabilities, could increase pension and other postretirement expense, and the southern company system could be required from time to time to fund the pension plan with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on liquidity by reducing cash flows and could negatively affect results of operations. additionally, alabama power and georgia power each hold significant assets in their nuclear decommissioning trusts to satisfy obligations to decommission alabama power's and georgia power's nuclear plants. the rate of return on assets held in those trusts can significantly impact both the costs of decommissioning and the funding requirements for the trusts.
southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs.
the financial condition of some insurance companies, the threat of terrorism, and natural disasters, among other things, could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. the availability of insurance covering risks that southern company, the traditional operating companies, southern power, and their respective competitors typically insure against may decrease, and the insurance that southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums, and more restrictive policy terms. further, there is no guarantee that the insurance policies maintained by the southern company, the traditional operating companies, and southern power will cover all of the potential exposures or the actual amount of loss incurred.
any losses not covered by insurance, or any increases in the cost of applicable insurance, could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition of southern company, the traditional operating companies, or southern power.
the use of derivative contracts by southern company and its subsidiaries in the normal course of business could result in financial losses that negatively impact the net income of southern company and its subsidiaries.
southern company and its subsidiaries, including the traditional operating companies and southern power, use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards, to manage their commodity and interest rate exposures and, to a lesser extent, engage in limited trading activities. southern company and its subsidiaries could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. these risks are managed through risk management policies, limits, and procedures. these risk management policies, limits, and procedures might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. in addition, derivative contracts entered for hedging purposes might not off-set the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. the factors used in the valuation of these instruments become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future these estimates are made. as a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the value of the reported fair value of these contracts.
acquisition risks acquisitions and dispositions may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated, which may have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition of southern company and its subsidiaries.
southern company and its subsidiaries have made significant acquisitions and dispositions in the past and may in the future make additional acquisitions and dispositions. southern power, in particular, continually seeks opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets.
southern company and its subsidiaries may face significant competition for acquisition opportunities and there can be no assurance that anticipated acquisitions will be completed on acceptable terms or at all. in addition, these transactions are intended to, but may not, result in the generation of cash or income, the realization of savings, the creation of efficiencies, or i-31
index to financial statements the reduction of risk. these transactions may also affect the liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition of southern company and its subsidiaries.
these transactions also involve risks, including:
•   any acquisitions may not result in an increase in income or provide an adequate return on capital or other anticipated benefits;
•   any acquisitions may not be successfully integrated into the acquiring company's operations and internal controls processes;
•   the due diligence conducted prior to an acquisition may not uncover situations that could result in financial or legal exposure or the acquiring company may not appropriately evaluate the likelihood or quantify the exposure from identified risks;
•   use of cash for acquisitions may adversely affect cash available for capital expenditures and other uses; or
•   any dispositions, investments, or acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, results of operations, or financial condition of southern company or its subsidiaries.
southern company and agl resources may encounter difficulties in satisfying the conditions for the completion of the merger, including receipt of all required regulatory approvals, which could delay the completion of the merger or impose conditions that could have a material adverse effect on the combined company or that could cause either party to abandon the merger.
consummation of the merger remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain closing conditions, including, among others, (i) the approval of the california public utilities commission, georgia psc, illinois commerce commission, and maryland psc, new jersey board of public utilities, and other approvals required under applicable state laws, and the approval of the federal communications commission (fcc) for the transfer of control over the fcc licenses of certain subsidiaries of agl resources, (ii) the absence of a judgment, order, decision, injunction, ruling, or other finding or agency requirement of a governmental entity prohibiting the consummation of the merger, and (iii) other customary closing conditions, including (a) subject to certain materiality qualifiers, the accuracy of each party's representations and warranties and (b) each party's performance in all material respects of its obligations under the merger agreement.
southern company completed the required state regulatory filings in the fourth quarter 2015 and the required fcc filings in february 2016. on february 24, 2016, a stipulation and settlement agreement between southern company, agl resources, the maryland psc staff, and the maryland office of people's counsel was filed with the maryland psc. the proposed settlement remains subject to the approval of the maryland psc. additionally, southern company received the approval of the virginia state corporation commission in february 2016.
these governmental entities may decline to approve the merger or may impose conditions on the completion, or require changes to the terms, of the merger, including restrictions or conditions on the business, operations, or financial performance of the combined company following the merger.
satisfying the conditions to completion of the merger may take longer, and could cost more, than southern company expects. any delay in completing the merger or any additional conditions imposed in order to complete the merger may materially adversely affect the benefits that southern company expects to achieve from the merger and the integration of the companies' respective businesses.
in addition, conditions to the completion of the merger may fail to be satisfied. subject to certain limitations, either party may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not consummated by august 23, 2016, which date may be extended by either party to february 23, 2017 if, on august 23, 2016, all conditions to closing other than those relating to (i) regulatory approvals and (ii) the absence of legal restraints preventing consummation of the merger (to the extent relating to regulatory approvals) have been satisfied.
any delay in completing the merger, conditions imposed by governmental entities, or failure to complete the merger could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, net income, and cash flows of southern company.
failure to complete the merger could negatively impact southern company's stock price and southern company's future business and financial results.
completion of the merger is not assured and is subject to risks, including the risks that approval of the transaction by governmental entities will not be obtained or that certain other closing conditions will not be satisfied. if the merger is not i-32
index to financial statements completed, southern company's ongoing businesses and financial results may be adversely affected and southern company will be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•   southern company will be required to pay significant costs relating to the merger, including legal, accounting, and financial advisory costs, whether or not the merger is completed;
•   matters relating to the merger (including integration planning) may require substantial commitments of time and resources by southern company management, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to southern company; and
•   negative publicity and a negative impression of southern company in the investment community.
the occurrence of any of these events, individually or in combination, could cause the share price of southern company to decline if and to the extent that the current market prices reflect an assumption by the market that the merger will be completed.
southern company entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the merger would result in various benefits. achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the business of agl resources is integrated in an efficient and effective manner, conditions imposed on the merger by federal and state public utility, antitrust, and other regulatory authorities prior to approval, general market and economic conditions, and general competitive factors in the marketplace. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company, and diversion of management's time and energy and could have an adverse effect on the combined company's financial condition, net income, and cash flows.
the southern company system will be subject to business uncertainties while the merger is pending that could adversely affect southern company's financial results.
uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees, suppliers, and customers of the southern company system may have an adverse effect on southern company. these uncertainties may impair the southern company system's ability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter and could cause customers, suppliers, and others that deal with the southern company system to seek to change existing business relationships.
employee retention and recruitment may be particularly challenging prior to the completion of the merger, as employees and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. if key employees depart or fail to accept employment with the southern company system because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company, southern company's financial results could be adversely affected.
the pursuit of the merger and the preparation for the integration of agl resources into the southern company system may place a significant burden on management and internal resources. the diversion of management attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect southern company's financial condition, net income, and cash flows.
southern company intends to initially fund the cash consideration for the merger using a mix of debt and equity. southern company finances its capital needs on a portfolio basis and expects to issue approximately $8.0 billion in debt prior to closing the merger and approximately $1.2 billion in equity during 2016. this capital is expected to provide funding for the merger, southern power growth opportunities, and other southern company system capital projects. in addition, southern company entered into the $8.1 billion bridge agreement on september 30, 2015 to provide financing for the merger in the event long-term financing is not available. the bridge agreement is subject to various conditions contained in the bridge agreement and the issuance of long-term debt and equity sales to finance the merger will be subject to future market conditions.
index to financial statements following the merger, stockholders of southern company will own equity interests in a company whose subsidiary owns and operates a natural gas business.
agl resources is an energy services holding company whose primary business is the distribution of natural gas through natural gas distribution utilities. agl resources is involved in several other businesses that are mainly related and complementary to its primary business including: retail operations including the provision of natural gas commodity and related services to customers in competitive markets or markets that provide for customer choice, wholesale services including natural gas storage, gas pipeline arbitrage, and natural gas asset management and/or related logistics services, and midstream operations including high deliverability natural gas storage facilities and select pipelines. as a result, the combined company will be subject to various risks to which southern company is not currently subject, including risks related to transporting and storing natural gas. as stockholders of the combined company following the merger, southern company stockholders may be adversely affected by these risks.
southern company expects to record goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect its operating results.
in accordance with gaap, the merger will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting whereby the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of agl resources' assets and liabilities will be recorded as goodwill.
the amount of goodwill, which is expected to be material, will be allocated to the appropriate reporting units of the combined company. southern company is required to assess goodwill for impairment at least annually by comparing the fair value of reporting units to the carrying value of those reporting units. to the extent the carrying value of any of those reporting units is greater than the fair value, a second step comparing the implied fair value of goodwill to the carrying amount would be required to determine if the goodwill is impaired. such a potential impairment could result in a material charge that would have a material impact on southern company's future operating results and consolidated balance sheet.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations page southern company. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations"     ii-12
alabama power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations,"       ii-135
georgia power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations,"       ii-211
gulf power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations,"          ii-295
mississippi power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations,"   ii-366
southern power. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations,"      ii-453