item 1a. risk factors we are subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control, that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. you should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information included in this report and other documents filed by us with the sec from time to time, when making an investment decision.
risks related to legislation and regulation our business is significantly impacted by governmental regulation.
we are subject to significant state, local, and federal governmental regulation, including regulation by the various utility commissions in the states where we serve customers. this regulation significantly influences our operating environment and may affect our ability to recover costs from utility customers. many aspects of our operations are regulated, including, but not limited to: the rates we charge our retail electric, natural gas, and steam customers; wholesale power service practices; electric reliability requirements and accounting; participation in the interstate natural gas pipeline capacity market; standards of service; issuance of securities; short-term debt obligations; construction and operation of facilities; transactions with affiliates; and billing practices. our significant level of regulation imposes restrictions on our operations and causes us to incur substantial compliance costs. failure to comply with any applicable rules or regulations may lead to customer refunds, penalties, and other payments, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the rates, including adjustments determined under riders, we are allowed to charge our customers for retail and wholesale services have the most significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. rate regulation is based on providing an opportunity to recover prudently incurred costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital. however, our ability to obtain rate adjustments in the future is dependent on regulatory action, and there is no assurance that our regulators will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred. in addition, our rate proceedings may not always result in rates that fully recover our costs or provide for a reasonable roe. we defer certain costs and revenues as regulatory assets and liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. future recovery of regulatory assets is not assured, and is subject to review and approval by our regulators. if recovery of regulatory assets is not approved or is no longer deemed probable, these costs would be recognized in current period expense and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
we believe we have obtained the necessary permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses for our existing operations, have complied with all of their associated terms, and that our businesses are conducted in accordance with applicable laws. these permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, and licenses may be revoked or modified by the agencies that granted them if facts develop that differ significantly from the facts assumed when they were issued. in addition, discharge permits and other approvals and licenses are often granted for a term that is less than the expected life of the associated facility. licenses and permits may require periodic renewal, which may result in additional requirements being imposed by the granting agency. in addition, existing regulations may be revised or reinterpreted by federal, state, and local agencies, or these agencies may adopt new laws and regulations that apply to us. we cannot predict the impact on our business and operating results of any such actions by these agencies. changes in regulations, interpretations of regulations, or the imposition of new regulations could influence our operating environment, may result in substantial compliance costs, or may require us to change our business operations.
if we are unable to obtain, renew, or comply with these governmental permits, approvals, authorizations, certificates, or licenses, or if we are unable to recover any increased costs of complying with additional requirements or any other associated costs in customer rates in a timely manner, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
we may face significant costs to comply with existing and future environmental laws and regulations.
our operations are subject to numerous federal and state environmental laws and regulations. these laws and regulations govern, among other things, air emissions (including co2, methane, mercury, so2, and nox), water quality, wastewater discharges, and management of hazardous, toxic, and solid wastes and substances. we incur significant costs to comply with these environmental requirements, including costs associated with the installation of pollution control equipment, environmental monitoring, emissions fees, and permits at our facilities. in addition, if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by factors beyond our control, that failure may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and fines.
the epa has adopted and has implemented (or is in the process of implementing) regulations governing the emission of nox, so2, fine particulate matter, mercury, and other air pollutants under the caa through the naaqs, the mats rule, the clean power plan,
the csapr, and other air quality regulations. in addition, the epa has finalized regulations under the clean water act that govern cooling water intake structures at our power plants and revised the effluent guidelines for steam electric generating plants. the epa has also adopted a final rule that would expand traditional federal jurisdiction over navigable waters and related wetlands for permitting and other regulatory matters; however, this rule has been stayed. we continue to assess the potential cost of complying, and to explore different alternatives in order to comply, with these and other environmental regulations. several environmental regulations were either finalized or implemented during 2015, and there is still uncertainty as to what capital expenditures or additional costs may ultimately be required to comply with these regulations.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or new laws or regulations may be adopted at the federal or state level that could result in significant additional expenditures for our generation units or distribution systems, including, without limitation, costs to further limit ghg emissions from our operations through emission control technology; operating restrictions on our facilities; and increased compliance costs. in addition, the operation of emission control equipment and compliance with rules regulating our intake and discharge of water could increase our operating costs and reduce the generating capacity of our power plants. any such regulation may also create substantial additional costs in the form of taxes or emission allowances and could affect the availability and/or cost of fossil fuels.
as a result, certain of our coal-fired electric generating facilities may become uneconomical to maintain and operate, which could result in some of these units being retired early or converted to an alternative type of fuel. if generation facility owners in the midwest, including us, are forced to retire a significant number of older coal-fired generation facilities, a potential reduction in the region's capacity reserve margin below acceptable risk levels may result. this could impair the reliability of the grid in the midwest, particularly during peak demand periods. a reduction in available future capacity could also adversely affect our ability to serve our customers' needs.
our electric and natural gas utilities are also subject to significant liabilities related to the investigation and remediation of environmental impacts at certain of our current and former facilities, and at third-party owned sites. we accrue liabilities and defer costs (recorded as regulatory assets) incurred in connection with our former manufactured gas plant sites. these costs include all costs incurred to date that we expect to recover, management's best estimates of future costs for investigation and remediation, and related legal expenses, and are net of amounts recovered by or that may be recovered from insurance or other third parties. due to the potential for imposition of stricter standards and greater regulation in the future, as well as the possibility that other potentially responsible parties may not be financially able to contribute to cleanup costs, conditions may change or additional contamination may be discovered, our remediation costs could increase, and the timing of our capital and/or operating expenditures in the future may accelerate or could vary from the amounts currently accrued.
in the event we are not able to recover all of our environmental expenditures and related costs from our customers in the future, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. further, increased costs recovered through rates could contribute to reduced demand for electricity, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
litigation over environmental issues and claims of various types, including property damage, personal injury, common law nuisance, and citizen enforcement of environmental requirements, has increased generally throughout the u.s. in particular, personal injury, property damage, and other claims for damages alleged to have been caused by environmental impacts and alleged exposure to hazardous materials have become more frequent. in addition to claims relating to our current facilities, we may also be subject to potential liability in connection with the environmental condition of facilities that we previously owned and operated, regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during, or after the time we owned or operated these facilities. if we fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or cause (or caused) harm to the environment or persons, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil penalties and damages against us. the incurrence of a material environmental liability or a material judgment in any action for personal injury or property damage related to environmental matters could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions.
federal, state, regional, and international authorities have undertaken efforts to limit ghg emissions. in 2015, the epa issued the clean power plan, which is a final rule that regulates ghg emissions from existing generating units, as well as a proposed federal plan as an alternative to state compliance plans. the epa also issued final performance standards for modified and reconstructed generating units, as well as for new fossil-fueled power plants. under the clean power plan, states are required to submit compliance plans as early as september 2016 to achieve state-specific ghg emission reductions by 2030. if wisconsin or michigan determines not to file a state compliance plan, we may be required to comply with the federal plan, which could result in more significant
compliance costs than a state compliance plan. we are continuing to analyze the final rule and to work with other stakeholders to determine how to implement the clean power plan and the potential impacts to our operations. in october 2015, numerous states (including wisconsin and michigan), trade associations, and private parties filed lawsuits challenging the final rule, including a request to stay the implementation of the final rule pending the outcome of these legal challenges. the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit (d.c. circuit court of appeals) denied the stay request, but on february 9, 2016, the united states supreme court (supreme court) stayed the effectiveness of the rule until disposition of the litigation in the d.c. circuit court of appeals and to the extent that review is sought, at the supreme court. therefore, it is unlikely that states will move forward on the development of the state plans until the litigation is complete. any state or federal compliance plans that are developed could be subject to change based upon the outcome of this litigation. in addition, on february 15, 2016, the governor of wisconsin issued executive order 186, which prohibits state agencies, departments, boards, commissions, or other state entities from developing or promoting the development of a state plan. the rule could result in significant additional compliance costs, including capital expenditures, and impact how we operate our existing fossil-fueled power plants and biomass facility, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our operating costs.
there is no guarantee that we will be allowed to fully recover costs incurred to comply with the clean power plan or that cost recovery will not be delayed or otherwise conditioned. the clean power plan and any other related regulations that may be adopted in the future, either at the federal or state level, may cause our environmental compliance spending over the next several years to differ materially from the amounts currently estimated. these regulations could have a material adverse impact on our electric generation and natural gas distribution operations, could make some of our electric generating units uneconomic to maintain or operate, and could affect unit retirement and replacement decisions. these regulations could also adversely affect our future results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.
in addition, our natural gas delivery systems may generate fugitive gas as a result of normal operations and as a result of excavation, construction, and repair of natural gas delivery systems. fugitive gas typically vents to the atmosphere and consists primarily of methane. co2 is also a byproduct of natural gas consumption. as a result, future legislation to regulate ghg emissions could increase the price of natural gas, restrict the use of natural gas, and adversely affect our ability to operate our natural gas facilities. a significant increase in the price of natural gas may increase rates for our natural gas customers, which could reduce natural gas demand.
our electric utilities could be subject to higher costs and penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.
our electric utilities are subject to mandatory reliability and critical infrastructure protection standards established by the north american electric reliability corporation and enforced by the ferc. the critical infrastructure protection standards focus on controlling access to critical physical and cyber security assets. compliance with the mandatory reliability standards could subject our electric utilities to higher operating costs. if our electric utilities were ever found to be in noncompliance with the mandatory reliability standards, they could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.
provisions of the wisconsin utility holding company act limit our ability to invest in non-utility businesses and could deter takeover attempts by a potential purchaser of our common stock that would be willing to pay a premium for our common stock.
under the wisconsin utility holding company act, we remain subject to certain restrictions that have the potential of limiting our diversification into non-utility businesses. under the act, the sum of certain assets of all non-utility affiliates in a holding company system generally may not exceed 25% of the assets of all public utility affiliates in the system, subject to certain exceptions.
in addition, the act precludes the acquisition of 10% or more of the voting shares of a holding company of a wisconsin public utility unless the pscw has first determined that the acquisition is in the best interests of utility customers, investors, and the public. this provision and other requirements of the act may delay or reduce the likelihood of a sale or change of control of wec energy group. as a result, stockholders may be deprived of opportunities to sell some or all of their shares of our common stock at prices that represent a premium over market prices.
risks related to the operation of our business our operations are subject to risks arising from the reliability of our electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas infrastructure facilities, and other facilities, as well as the reliability of third-party transmission providers.
our financial performance depends on the successful operation of our electric generation and natural gas and electric distribution facilities. the operation of these facilities involves many risks, including operator error and the breakdown or failure of equipment or
processes. potential breakdown or failure may occur due to severe weather; catastrophic events (i.e., fires, earthquakes, explosions, tornadoes, floods, droughts, pandemic health events, etc.); significant changes in water levels in waterways; fuel supply or transportation disruptions; accidents; employee labor disputes; construction delays or cost overruns; shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material, and/or labor; performance below expected levels; operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements; terrorist attacks; or cyber security threats. any of these events could lead to substantial financial losses.
because our electric generation facilities are interconnected with third-party transmission facilities, the operation of our facilities could also be adversely affected by events impacting their systems. unplanned outages at our power plants may reduce our revenues or cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses.
insurance, warranties, performance guarantees, or recovery through the regulatory process may not cover any or all of these lost revenues or increased expenses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to various conditions that can result in fluctuations in energy sales to customers, including customer growth and general economic conditions in our service areas, varying weather conditions, and energy conservation efforts.
our results of operations and cash flows are affected by the demand for electricity and natural gas, which can vary greatly based upon:
•   fluctuations in customer growth and general economic conditions in our service areas. customer growth and energy use can be negatively impacted by population declines as well as economic factors in our service territories, including job losses, decreases in income, and business closings. our electric and natural gas utilities are impacted by economic cycles and the competitiveness of the commercial and industrial customers we serve. any economic downturn or disruption of financial markets could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products. these risks could directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas as well as the need for additional power generation and generating facilities. we could also be exposed to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs if customers are unable to pay their bills.
•   weather conditions. demand for electricity is greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. in addition, demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. as a result, our overall results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. in addition, milder temperatures during the summer cooling season and during the winter heating season may result in lower revenues and net income.
•   our customers' continued focus on energy conservation and ability to meet their own energy needs. customers could voluntarily reduce their consumption of energy in response to decreases in their disposable income, increases in energy prices, and individual conservation efforts through the use of more energy efficient technologies. conservation of energy can be influenced by certain federal and state programs that are intended to influence how consumers use energy. in addition, several states, including wisconsin and michigan, have adopted energy efficiency targets to reduce energy consumption by certain dates.
as part of our planning process, we estimate the impacts of changes in customer growth and general economic conditions, weather, and customer energy conservation efforts, but risks still remain. any of these matters, as well as any regulatory delay in adjusting rates as a result of reduced sales from effective conservation measures or the adoption of new technologies, could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we are actively involved with several significant capital projects, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect project costs and completion of construction projects.
our business requires substantial capital expenditures for investments in, among other things, capital improvements to our electric generating facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, natural gas storage, and other projects, including projects for environmental compliance. in addition, wbs has various capital projects that are primarily related to the development of software applications used to support our utilities.
achieving the intended benefits of any large construction project is subject to many uncertainties, some of which we will have limited or no control over, that could adversely affect project costs and completion time. these risks include, but are not limited to, the ability to adhere to established budgets and time frames; the availability of labor or materials at estimated costs; the ability of contractors to perform under their contracts; strikes; adverse weather conditions; potential legal challenges; changes in applicable laws or regulations; other governmental actions; continued public and policymaker support for such projects; and events in the global economy. in addition, certain of these projects require the approval of our regulators. if construction of commission-approved
projects should materially and adversely deviate from the schedules, estimates, and projections on which the approval was based, the applicable commission may deem the additional capital costs as imprudent and disallow recovery of them through rates.
to the extent that delays occur, costs become unrecoverable, or we otherwise become unable to effectively manage and complete our capital projects, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition may be adversely affected.
in 2015, the icc and the attorney general of illinois initiated investigations into our amrp capital project. since the investigations are ongoing, it is too early to determine, what effect, if any, the investigations will have on the amrp.
advances in technology could make our electric generating facilities less competitive.
research and development activities are ongoing for new technologies that produce power or reduce power consumption. these technologies include renewable energy, customer-oriented generation, energy storage, and energy efficiency. we generate power at central station power plants to achieve economies of scale and produce power at a competitive cost. there are distributed generation technologies that produce power, including fuel cells, microturbines, wind turbines, and solar cells, which have become more cost competitive. it is possible that advances in technology will continue to reduce the costs of these alternative methods of producing power to a level that is competitive with that of central station power production. if these technologies become cost competitive and achieve economies of scale, our market share could be eroded, and the value of our generating facilities could be reduced. advances in technology could also change the channels through which our electric customers purchase or use power, which could reduce our sales and revenues or increase our expenses.
our operations are subject to risks beyond our control, including but not limited to, cyber security intrusions, terrorist attacks, acts of war, or unauthorized access to personally identifiable information.
we face the risk of terrorist and cyber intrusions, both threatened and actual, against our generation facilities, electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure, our information and technology systems, and network infrastructure, including that of third parties on which we rely, any of which could result in a full or partial disruption of our ability to generate, transmit, purchase, or distribute electricity or natural gas or cause environmental repercussions. any operational disruption or environmental repercussions could result in a significant decrease in our revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
we operate in an industry that requires the use of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, which control an interconnected system of generation, distribution, and transmission systems shared with third parties. a successful physical or cyber security intrusion may occur despite our security measures or those that we require our vendors to take, which include compliance with reliability standards and critical infrastructure protection standards. successful cyber intrusions, including those targeting the electronic control systems used at our generating facilities and electric and natural gas transmission, distribution, and storage systems, could disrupt our operations and result in loss of service to customers. these intrusions may cause unplanned outages at our power plants, which may reduce our revenues or cause us to incur significant costs if we are required to operate our higher cost electric generators or purchase replacement power to satisfy our obligations, and could result in additional maintenance expenses. the risk of such intrusions may also increase our capital and operating costs as a result of having to implement increased security measures for protection of our information technology and infrastructure.
we face on-going threats to our assets and technology systems. despite the implementation of strong security measures, all assets and systems are potentially vulnerable to disability, failures, or unauthorized access due to human error or physical or cyber intrusions. if our assets or systems were to fail, be physically damaged, or be breached and were not recovered in a timely manner, we may be unable to perform critical business functions, and sensitive and other data could be compromised.
our business requires the collection and retention of personally identifiable information of our customers, stockholders, and employees, who expect that we will adequately protect such information. security breaches may expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of confidential and proprietary information. a significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of personally identifiable information may lead to potentially large costs to notify and protect the impacted persons, and/or could cause us to become subject to significant litigation, costs, liability, fines, or penalties, any of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations as well as our reputation with customers, stockholders and regulators, among others. in addition, we may be required to incur significant costs associated with governmental actions in response to such intrusions or to strengthen our information and electronic control systems. we may also need to obtain additional insurance coverage related to the threat of such intrusions.
the costs of repairing damage to our facilities, protecting personally identifiable information, and notifying impacted persons, as well as related legal claims, may not be recoverable in rates, may exceed the insurance limits on our insurance policies, or, in some cases, may not be covered by insurance.
transporting, distributing, and storing natural gas involves numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
inherent in natural gas distribution activities are a variety of hazards and operational risks, such as leaks, accidental explosions, including third party damages, and mechanical problems, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. in addition, these risks could result in serious injury to employees and non-employees, loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of operations, and substantial losses to us. the location of natural gas pipelines and storage facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers, and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. these activities may subject us to litigation or administrative proceedings from time to time, which could result in substantial monetary judgments, fines, or penalties against us, or be resolved on unfavorable terms.
we are a holding company and rely on the earnings of our subsidiaries to meet our financial obligations.
as a holding company with no operations of our own, our ability to meet our financial obligations and pay dividends on our common stock is dependent upon the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us, whether through dividends or other payments. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any of our obligations or to make any funds available for that purpose or for the payment of dividends on our common stock. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay amounts to us depends on their earnings, cash flows, capital requirements, and general financial condition, as well as regulatory limitations. prior to distributing cash to us, our subsidiaries have financial obligations that must be satisfied, including, among others, debt service and preferred stock dividends. in addition, each subsidiary's ability to pay amounts to us depends on any statutory, regulatory, and/or contractual restrictions and limitations applicable to such subsidiary, which may include requirements to maintain specified levels of debt or equity ratios, working capital, or other assets. our utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions, which generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the utility customers are being met.
we operate in an industry that requires many of our employees to possess unique technical skill sets. events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, the mismatch of skill sets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges or increased costs. these operating challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge, and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. in addition, current and prospective employees may determine that they do not wish to work for us. failure to hire and obtain replacement employees, including the ability to transfer significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, may adversely affect our ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
failure of our counterparties to meet their obligations, including obligations under power purchase agreements, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
we are exposed to the risk that counterparties to various arrangements who owe us money, electricity, natural gas, or other commodities or services will not be able to perform their obligations. should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be required to replace the underlying commitment at current market prices or we may be unable to meet all of our customers' electric and natural gas requirements unless or until alternative supply arrangements are put in place. in such event, we may incur losses, and our results of operations, financial position, or liquidity could be adversely affected.
we have entered into several power purchase agreements with non-affiliated companies, and continue to look for additional opportunities to enter into these agreements. revenues are dependent on the continued performance by the purchasers of their obligations under the power purchase agreements. although we have a comprehensive credit evaluation process and contractual protections, it is possible that one or more purchasers could fail to perform their obligations under the power purchase agreements. if this were to occur, we would expect that any operating and other costs that were initially allocated to a defaulting customer's power purchase agreement would be reallocated among our retail customers. to the extent there is any regulatory delay in adjusting rates, a customer default under a power purchase agreement could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
our revenues could be negatively impacted by competitive activity in the wholesale electricity markets.
the ferc rules related to transmission are designed to facilitate competition in the wholesale electricity markets among regulated utilities, non-utility generators, wholesale power marketers, and brokers by providing greater flexibility and more choices to wholesale customers, including initiatives designed to encourage the integration of renewable sources of supply. in addition, along with transactions contemplating physical delivery of energy, financial laws and regulations impact hedging and trading based on futures contracts and derivatives that are traded on various commodities exchanges, as well as over-the-counter. technology changes in the power and fuel industries also have significant impacts on wholesale transactions and related costs. we currently cannot predict the impact of these and other developments or the effect of changes in levels of wholesale supply and demand, which are driven by factors beyond our control.
we may not be able to use tax credits, net operating losses, and/or charitable contribution carryforwards.
we have significantly reduced our consolidated federal and state income tax liability in the past through tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions available under the applicable tax codes. we have not fully used the allowed tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions in our previous tax filings. we may not be able to fully use the tax credits, net operating losses, and charitable contribution deductions available as carryforwards if our future federal and state taxable income and related income tax liability is insufficient to permit their use. in addition, any future disallowance of some or all of those tax credits, net operating losses, or charitable contribution carryforwards as a result of legislation or an adverse determination by one of the applicable taxing jurisdictions could materially affect our tax obligations and financial results.
risks related to economic and market volatility our business is dependent on our ability to successfully access capital markets.
we rely on access to credit and capital markets to support our capital requirements, including expenditures for our utility infrastructure and to comply with future regulatory requirements, to the extent not satisfied by the cash flow generated by our operations. we have historically secured funds from a variety of sources, including the issuance of short-term and long-term debt securities. successful implementation of our long-term business strategies, including capital investment, is dependent upon our ability to access the capital markets, including the banking and commercial paper markets, on competitive terms and rates. in addition, we rely on committed bank credit agreements as back-up liquidity, which allows us to access the low cost commercial paper markets.
our or our subsidiaries' access to the credit and capital markets could be limited, or our or our subsidiaries' cost of capital significantly increased, due to any of the following risks and uncertainties:
•   an economic downturn or uncertainty;
•   prevailing market conditions;
•   concerns over foreign economic conditions;
•   changes in tax policy;
•   war or the threat of war; and
•   the overall health and view of the utility and financial institution industries.
if any of these risks or uncertainties limit our access to the credit and capital markets or significantly increase our cost of capital, it could limit our ability to implement, or increase the costs of implementing, our business plan, which, in turn, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, and could limit our ability to sustain our current common stock dividend level.
a downgrade in our or any of our subsidiaries' credit ratings could negatively affect our or our subsidiaries' ability to access capital at reasonable costs and/or require the posting of collateral.
there are a number of factors that impact our and our subsidiaries' credit ratings, including, but not limited to, capital structure, regulatory environment, the ability to cover liquidity requirements, and other requirements for capital. we or any of our subsidiaries could experience a downgrade in ratings if the rating agencies determine that the level of business or financial risk of us, our utilities, or the utility industry has deteriorated. changes in rating methodologies by the rating agencies could also have a negative impact on credit ratings.
•   increase borrowing costs under certain existing credit facilities;
•   require the payment of higher interest rates in future financings and possibly reduce the pool of creditors;
•   decrease funding sources by limiting our or our subsidiaries' access to the commercial paper market;
•   limit the availability of adequate credit support for our subsidiaries' operations; and
•   trigger collateral requirements in various contracts.
fluctuating commodity prices could negatively impact our electric and natural gas utility operations.
the margins and liquidity requirements of our businesses are impacted by changes in the forward and current market prices of natural gas, coal, electricity, renewable energy credits, and ancillary services.
our electric utilities burn natural gas in several of their electric generation plants and as a supplemental fuel at several coal-fired plants. in many instances the cost of purchased power is tied to the cost of natural gas. the cost of natural gas may increase because of disruptions in the supply of natural gas due to a curtailment in production or distribution, international market conditions, the demand for natural gas, and the availability of shale gas and potential regulations affecting its accessibility.
our wisconsin electric utilities bear the risk for the recovery of fuel and purchased power costs within a symmetrical 2% fuel tolerance band compared to the forecast of fuel and purchased power costs established in their respective rate structures. our natural gas utilities receive dollar-for-dollar recovery of prudently incurred natural gas costs.
changes in commodity prices could result in:
•   higher working capital requirements, particularly related to natural gas inventory, accounts receivable, and cash collateral postings;
•   reduced profitability to the extent that reduced margins, increased bad debt, and interest expense are not recovered through rates;
•   higher rates charged to our customers, which could impact our competitive position;
•   reduced demand for energy, which could impact margins and operating expenses; and
•   shutting down of generation facilities if the cost of generation exceeds the market price for electricity.
we may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which could limit our ability to operate our coal-fired facilities.
we are dependent on coal for much of our electric generating capacity. although we generally carry sufficient coal inventory at our generating facilities to protect against an interruption or decline in supply, there can be no assurance that the inventory levels will be adequate. while we have coal supply and transportation contracts in place, we cannot assure that the counterparties to these agreements will be able to fulfill their obligations to supply coal to us or that we will be able to take delivery of all the coal volume contracted for. the suppliers under these agreements may experience financial or operational problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to us, or we may experience operational problems or constraints that prevent us from taking delivery. in addition, suppliers under these agreements may not be required to supply coal to us under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. furthermore, demand for coal can impact its availability and cost. if we are unable to obtain our coal requirements under our coal supply and transportation contracts, we may be required to purchase coal at higher prices or we may be forced to reduce generation at our coal-fired units and replace this lost generation through additional power purchases in the miso energy markets. there is no guarantee that we would be able to fully recover any increased costs in rates or that recovery would not otherwise be delayed, either of which could adversely affect our cash flows.
our electric generation frequently exceeds our customer load. when this occurs, we generally sell the excess generation into the
miso energy markets. if we are unable to run our lower cost units, we may lose the ability to engage in these opportunity sales, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
the use of derivative contracts could result in financial losses.
we use derivative instruments such as swaps, options, futures, and forwards to manage commodity price exposure. we could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market value of these contracts or if a counterparty fails to perform. these risks are managed through risk management policies, which might not work as planned and cannot entirely eliminate the risks associated with these activities. in addition, although the hedging programs of our utilities must be approved by the various state commissions, derivative contracts entered into for hedging purposes might not offset the underlying exposure being hedged as expected, resulting in financial losses. in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the value of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the value of the reported fair value of these contracts.
restructuring in the regulated energy industry could have a negative impact on our business.
the regulated energy industry continues to experience significant structural changes. increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant adverse financial impact on us.
certain jurisdictions in which we operate, including michigan and illinois, have adopted retail choice. under michigan law, our retail customers may choose an alternative electric supplier to provide power supply service. the law limits customer choice to 10% of our michigan retail load. the two iron ore mines located in the upper peninsula of michigan are excluded from this cap. when a customer switches to an alternative electric supplier, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions for the customer. it is uncertain whether retail choice might be implemented in wisconsin or minnesota.
illinois utilities' retail customers may choose an alternative natural gas supplier. transportation customers purchase natural gas directly from third-party natural gas suppliers and use our distribution system to transport the natural gas to their facilities. because we earn a distribution charge for transporting the natural gas for these customers, these arrangements have little or no impact on our net income.
ferc continues to support the existing rtos that affect the structure of the wholesale market within these rtos. in connection with its status as a ferc approved rto, miso implemented bid-based energy markets that are part of the miso energy markets. the miso energy markets rules require that all market participants submit day-ahead and/or real-time bids and offers for energy at locations across the miso region. miso then calculates the most efficient solution for all of the bids and offers made into the market that day and establishes an lmp that reflects the market price for energy. as a participant in the miso energy markets, we are required to follow miso's instructions when dispatching generating units to support miso's responsibility for maintaining stability of the transmission system. miso also implemented an ancillary services market for operating reserves that was simultaneously co-optimized with its existing energy markets.
these market designs continue to have the potential to increase the costs of transmission, the costs associated with inefficient generation dispatching, the costs of participation in the miso energy markets, and the costs associated with estimated payment settlements.
we may experience poor investment performance of benefit plan holdings due to changes in assumptions and market conditions.
we have significant obligations related to pension and opeb plans. if we are unable to successfully manage our benefit plan assets and medical costs, our cash flows, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely impacted.
our cost of providing these plans is dependent upon a number of factors, including actual plan experience, changes made to the plans, and assumptions concerning the future. types of assumptions include earnings on plan assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation, estimated withdrawals by retirees, and our required or voluntary contributions to the plans. plan assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield returns that fall below projected return rates. in addition, medical costs for both active and retired employees may increase at a rate that is significantly higher than we currently anticipate. our funding requirements could be impacted by a decline in the market value of plan assets, changes in interest rates, changes in demographics (including the number of retirements), or changes in life expectancy assumptions.
our ability to obtain insurance, as well as the cost and coverage of such insurance, could be affected by developments affecting our business; international, national, state, or local events; and the financial condition of insurers. insurance coverage may not continue to be available at all or at rates or terms similar to those presently available to us. in addition, our insurance may not be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which we may be subject. any losses for which we are not fully insured or that are not covered by insurance at all could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial position.
risks related to the integrys acquisition the acquisition of integrys may not achieve its anticipated results, and we may be unable to integrate operations as expected.
the merger agreement was entered into with the expectation that the acquisition would result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses of the two companies can be integrated in an efficient, effective, and timely manner.
it is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees; the disruption of ongoing businesses, processes, and systems; or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies, and compensation arrangements, any of which could adversely affect our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the transaction as and when expected. we may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect our future business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects.
the acquisition may not be accretive to earnings and may cause dilution to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
we anticipate that the acquisition will be accretive to earnings per share in 2016, which will be the first full year following completion of the transaction. this expectation is based on preliminary estimates that are subject to change. we also could encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs, may fail to realize all of the benefits anticipated in the acquisition, or may be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates. any of these factors could cause a decrease in our earnings per share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the transaction and contribute to a decrease in the price of our common stock.
we may incur unexpected transaction fees and transaction-related costs in connection with the acquisition.
we incurred a number of expenses associated with completing the acquisition, and expect to incur additional expenses related to combining the operations of the two companies. we may incur additional unanticipated costs in the integration of the businesses. although we expect that the elimination of certain duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses of the two companies, will offset the incremental transaction-related costs over time, we may not achieve this net benefit in the near term, or at all.
we recorded goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect financial results.
the acquisition of integrys was accounted for as a purchase in accordance with gaap.  under the purchase method of accounting, the assets and liabilities acquired and assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition and added to those of legacy wisconsin energy corporation. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values was recorded as goodwill. as of december 31, 2015, goodwill totaled $3,023.5 million, of which $2,581.6 million is attributable to the acquisition of integrys. we perform an analysis of our goodwill balances to test for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events occur or circumstances change that would indicate a potential for impairment. if goodwill is deemed to be impaired, we may be required to incur material non-cash charges that could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate developments introduction we are a diversified holding company with natural gas and electric utility operations (serving customers in wisconsin, illinois, michigan, and minnesota), an approximately 60% equity ownership interest in atc (a federally regulated electric transmission company), and non-utility electric operations through our we power business. see note 24, segment information, for more information on our reportable business segments.
corporate strategy our goal is to create long-term value for our stockholders and our customers by focusing on the following:
reliability we have made significant reliability related investments in recent years, and plan to continue making significant capital investments to strengthen and modernize the reliability of our generation and distribution network.
•   the west central gas expansion project went into service in early november 2015. this natural gas lateral will allow wisconsin gas to improve the reliability of its natural gas distribution network in the western part of wisconsin and better meet customer demand.
•   pgl is continuing to work on its gas system modernization program (amrp), which primarily involves replacing old cast and ductile iron gas pipes and facilities in the city of chicago's natural gas delivery system with modern polyethylene pipes to reinforce the long-term safety and reliability of the system.
•   wps continues work on its system modernization reliability project, which involves modernizing parts of its electric distribution system by burying or upgrading lines. the project focuses on electric lines that currently have the lowest reliability in its system, primarily in rural areas that are heavily forested.
our investment in reliability related projects has been very successful. in october 2015, we energies, the trade name of wisconsin electric and wisconsin gas, was named the most reliable utility in the midwest by pa consulting group for the fifth year in a row. we energies received the reliabilityonetm award, an annual award that recognizes utilities that excel in delivering reliable electric service.
operating efficiency we continually look for ways to optimize the operating efficiency of our company. we have provided some examples from our generating fleet.
•   vapp is a co-generation plant in milwaukee that was constructed in 1968. the plant originally utilized coal to produce electricity and steam; however, the plant's fuel source was converted to natural gas with construction completed in november 2015. changing the fuel source is expected to reduce operating costs and enhance environmental performance without decreasing the plant's capacity.
•   wisconsin electric received approval from the pscw to make changes at the oak creek expansion units to enable them to burn coal from the powder river basin (prb) in the western united states. the coal plant was originally designed to burn coal mined from the eastern united states, but the price of that coal increased relative to the prb coal in recent years. this project is expected to create flexibility and enable the plant to operate at lower costs, placing it in a better position to be called upon in the miso energy markets, resulting in lower fuel costs for our customers.
financial discipline a strong adherence to financial discipline is essential to meeting our earnings projections and maintaining a strong balance sheet, stable cash flows, attractive dividends, and quality credit ratings.
we follow an asset management strategy that focuses on investing in and acquiring assets consistent with our strategic plans, as well as disposing of assets, including property, plant, and equipment and entire business units that are no longer strategic to operations, are not performing as intended, or have an unacceptable risk profile.
•   see note 2, acquisition, for information about the recent acquisition of integrys.
•   our primary investment opportunities are in three areas: our regulated utility business; our investment in atc; and our generation plants within our we power segment. in addition to the projects discussed above, other on-going projects are discussed in more detail within item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources.
•   see note 3, dispositions, for more information on the pending sale of itf.
exceptional customer care our approach is driven by an intense focus on delivering exceptional customer care every day. we strive to provide the best value for our customers by embracing constructive change, leveraging our capabilities and expertise, and using creative solutions to meet or exceed our customers' expectations.
results of operations consolidated earnings the following table compares our consolidated results:
total operating income                               1,250.5               1,112.1               1,080.1
preferred stock dividends of subsidiaries                1.8                   1.2                   1.2
earnings increased $50.2 million in 2015, driven by a $30.1 million net increase in earnings due to the inclusion of integrys's results, partially offset by acquisition costs recorded by us and our subsidiaries. integrys was acquired on june 29, 2015. see note 2, acquisition, for more information. also contributing to the increase was a $20.8 million pre-tax gain ($12.5 million after tax) from the sale of minergy llc and its remaining financial assets in june 2015.
•   a $50.8 million pre-tax ($30.5 million after tax) increase in operating income at wisconsin electric and wisconsin gas driven by lower operation and maintenance expense.
•   a $10.6 million pre-tax ($6.4 million after tax) decrease in interest expense driven by lower debt levels and lower average interest rates on long-term debt.
these increases in our earnings were partially offset by:
•   a $12.5 million decrease in earnings from acquisition costs that were recorded during 2014. see note 2, acquisition, for more information on the acquisition.
•   an $8.1 million increase in income tax expense due to reduced tax benefits associated with lower treasury grant income and decreased afudc - equity.
wisconsin segment contribution to operating income for the periods presented in this annual report on form 10-k, our wisconsin operations included operations for both wisconsin electric and wisconsin gas for all periods, and operations for wps beginning july 1, 2015, due to the acquisition of integrys and its subsidiaries.
electric utility margins are defined as electric revenues less fuel and purchased power costs. we believe that electric utility margins provide a more meaningful basis for evaluating electric utility operations than electric revenues since the majority of prudently incurred fuel and purchased power costs are passed through to customers in current rates under enacted fuel rules.
natural gas utility margins are defined as natural gas revenues less the cost of natural gas sold. management believes that natural gas utility margins provide a more meaningful basis for evaluating natural gas utility operations than natural gas utility revenues, since prudently incurred natural gas commodity costs are passed through to our customers in current rates. the average per-unit cost of natural gas sold decreased 34.3% in 2015 and increased 45.8% in 2014, neither of which had an impact on margins.
cost of natural gas sold                    640.5                 1,036.1                   674.1
other operation and maintenance           1,741.0                 1,462.7                 1,522.0
operating income                           $884.2                  $770.2                  $719.4
the following tables provide information on delivered volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
customer class residential                             9,218.9              7,946.3              8,141.9
electric customer choice*                 457.9              2,440.0                813.0
*   represents distribution sales for customers who have purchased power from an alternative electric supplier in michigan.
customer class residential                        859.4               911.5               872.0
(1)   normal heating and cooling degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from mitchell international airport in milwaukee, wisconsin.
(2)   normal heating and cooling degree days are based on a 20-year moving average of monthly temperatures from the green bay, wisconsin weather station. degree days have been included beginning july 1, 2015.
operating income operating income at the wisconsin segment increased $114.0 million, driven by a $122.8 million increase due to the inclusion of wps operating income beginning july 1, 2015, as a result of the acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015. without the inclusion of wps operating income, operating income at the wisconsin segment decreased $8.8 million in 2015.
significant factors impacting the $8.8 million decrease in operating income were:
season as well as lower weather-normalized use per customer. as measured by heating degree days, 2015 was 15.1% warmer than 2014. this decrease in margins was partially offset by a $6.4 million net increase in margins as a result of the impact of the wisconsin electric and wisconsin gas pscw rate orders, effective january 1, 2015. see note 22, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   an aggregate $25.5 million increase in other operation and maintenance expense at wisconsin electric and wisconsin gas in 2015. this increase was driven by:
◦   a $48.6 million increase from higher ptf lease expense and associated operating and maintenance expenses as approved in wisconsin electric's pscw rate order, effective january 1, 2015.
◦   a $16.0 million increase in transmission expense from miso and atc related to the iron ore mines returning as customers in february 2015.
◦   these increases in other operation and maintenance expenses were partially offset by:
▪   a $16.1 million decrease in employee benefits in 2015 driven by lower performance units share-based compensation, deferred compensation, and medical costs.
▪   a $9.3 million decrease in electric and natural gas distribution costs in 2015, related to amortization of design software, and maintenance costs.
▪   other decreases in other operation and maintenance expenses that were not individually significant.
◦   an overall increase in utility plant in service in 2015. during 2015, wisconsin gas completed the western gas lateral project, and wisconsin electric completed the conversion of the fuel source for vapp from coal to natural gas.
◦   a $7.7 million reduction in income received in 2015 from a treasury grant associated with the completion of our biomass plant in 2013. the lower grant income corresponds to lower bill credits provided to our retail electric customers in wisconsin.
these decreases in operating income were significantly offset by an $83.0 million increase in electric margins at wisconsin electric driven by:
•   a $38.4 million increase as a result of the pscw rate order, effective january 1, 2015. see note 22, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   a $35.0 million increase driven by the escrow accounting treatment of the ssr revenues in the pscw rate order, effective january 1, 2015. see note 22, regulatory environment, for more information.
•   a $24.2 million increase due to the return of the iron ore mines as customers in february 2015. the two iron ore mines, which we served on an interruptible tariff rate, switched to an alternative electric supplier effective september 1, 2013. effective february 1, 2015, the owner of the two mines returned them as retail customers. in 2015, we deferred, and expect to continue to defer, the margin from those sales and apply these amounts for the benefit of wisconsin retail electric customers in a future rate proceeding. michigan state law allows the mines to switch to an alternative electric supplier after sufficient notice. see note 23, michigan settlement, for more information. a large portion of this increase in margins was offset by higher transmission expense included in other operation and maintenance expense at wisconsin electric.
•   a $10.4 million increase in positive collections of fuel and purchased power costs compared with costs approved in rates in 2015, as compared with 2014. under the fuel rule, wisconsin electric defers under or over-collections of certain fuel and purchased power costs that exceed a 2% price variance from the costs included in rates, and the remaining variance impacts margins.
•   a $6.2 million increase primarily due to lower fly ash removal costs in 2015. these costs are not included in the fuel rule recovery mechanism.
•   a partially offsetting $22.3 million decrease in electric margins related to sales volume variances in 2015. this decrease was driven by lower margins from residential customers in 2015, primarily due to lower weather-normalized use per customer and warmer weather during the heating season.
•   a partially offsetting $10.8 million decrease in wholesale margins driven by a reduction in sales volumes in 2015. certain wholesale customers have provisions in their contracts which allow them to reduce the amount of energy we provide to them.
operating income operating income at the wisconsin segment increased $50.8 million in 2014, driven by:
•   a $120.9 million increase in sales for resale in 2014 due to higher sales into the miso energy markets as a result of michigan's alternative electric supplier program and increased availability of our generating units. the margins on these sales are used to reduce fuel costs for our retail customers.
•   a $59.4 million increase in other operating revenues in 2014, primarily driven by the recognition of $56.4 million related to revenues under the ssr agreement with miso. see note 23, michigan settlement, for more information.
•   a $59.3 million decrease in other operation and maintenance expense in 2014. this decrease was primarily driven by lower benefit costs related to pensions, postretirement, and medical costs. our operation and maintenance expenses are influenced by, among other things, labor costs, employee benefit costs, plant outages, and amortization of regulatory assets.
these increases in operating income were partially offset by:
•   a $51.0 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2014. the increase was partially driven by lower income received from a treasury grant in 2014. during 2014, we recognized $17.4 million of income related to a treasury grant associated with the completion of the biomass plant, compared to $48.0 million in 2013. the lower grant income corresponds to the lower bill credits provided to wisconsin electric's retail electric customers in wisconsin in 2014. in addition, an overall increase in utility plant in service as a result of the biomass plant that went into service in november 2013 contributed to the increase in depreciation and amortization expense.
•   a $45.8 million decrease in electric revenues related to unseasonably cool summer weather in 2014. as measured by cooling degree days, 2014 was 36.6% cooler than normal and 32.6% cooler than 2013 due to mild second and third quarters. the unfavorable impact of the cool summer weather was partially offset by the cold winter weather.
◦   sales to our large commercial and industrial customers decreased 14.8% primarily due to the loss of the two iron ore mines in michigan. if the mines were excluded, sales to our large commercial and industrial customers would have decreased 1.1%.
illinois segment contribution to operating income
cost of natural gas sold                  133.2
other operation and maintenance           219.6
operating income                          $78.1
the following tables provide information on delivered volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
customer class residential                           300.7
*   normal heating degree days are based on a 12-year moving average of monthly total heating degree days at chicago's o'hare airport.
we did not have any operations in illinois until our acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015. since the majority of pgl and nsg customers use natural gas for heating, operating income is sensitive to weather and is generally higher during the winter months.
pgl and nsg recover certain operating expenses directly through separate riders, resulting in no impact on operating income as increases in operating expenses are offset by equal increases in margins. the following table shows the impact of these riders on margins and operating expenses.
environmental cleanup costs                               $9.2
total increase in margins and operating expenses         $20.2
other states segment contribution to operating income
cost of natural gas sold                   76.9
other operation and maintenance            50.0
operating income                           $6.0
the following tables provide information on delivered volumes by customer class and weather statistics:
customer class residential                            84.7
*   normal heating degree days for merc and mgu are based on a 20-year moving average and 15-year moving average, respectively, of monthly temperatures from various weather stations throughout their respective territories.
we did not have any operations in this segment until our acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015. since the majority of merc and mgu customers use natural gas for heating, gross margin is sensitive to weather and is generally higher during the winter months.
we power segment contribution to operating income year ended december 31
operating income          $373.4                $368.0                $366.6
operating income at the we power segment increased $5.4 million, or 1.5%, when compared to 2014. this increase was primarily related to higher revenues in connection with capital additions to the plants it owns and leases to wisconsin electric.
operating income at the we power segment increased $1.4 million, or 0.4%, when compared to 2013.
corporate and other segment contribution to operating income year ended december 31
operating loss       $(91.2      )         $(26.1      )         $(5.9     )
operating loss at the corporate and other segment increased $65.1 million when compared to 2014, driven by costs associated with the acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015. see note 2, acquisition, for more information regarding costs associated with the acquisition.
operating loss at the corporate and other segment increased $20.2 million when compared to 2013. this was primarily attributable to external costs incurred in 2014 related to the acquisition of integrys.
earnings from our ownership interest in atc increased $30.1 million when compared to 2014, driven by the increase in our ownership interest from 26.2% to approximately 60% as a result of the acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015. this increase was partially offset by lower earnings recognized by atc, as atc further reduced earnings in 2015 related to an anticipated refund to customers resulting from a complaint filed with the ferc requesting a lower roe for certain transmission owners. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources - other matters - atc allowed roe complaint, for more information.
earnings from our ownership interest in atc decreased $2.5 million when compared to 2013. atc reduced its earnings in 2014, driven by a potential refund to customers related to a complaint filed with the ferc requesting lower roe for certain transmission owners.
other income, net increased by $45.5 million when compared to 2014. this increase was primarily due to the $20.8 million gain from the sale of minergy llc and its remaining financial assets in june 2015, as well as higher afudc - equity due to the inclusion of afudc from the integrys companies after the acquisition on june 29, 2015.
other income, net decreased by $5.4 million, when compared to 2013. this decrease primarily relates to lower afudc - equity related to the biomass plant going into service in november 2013, which was partially offset by an increased gain on asset sales.
interest expense increased by $91.1 million, or 37.9%, when compared to 2014, primarily due to higher debt levels. we assumed approximately $3.0 billion of debt from integrys and its subsidiaries upon the closing of the acquisition on june 29, 2015. additionally, we issued $1.2 billion of long-term debt in june 2015 to finance a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition of integrys.
interest expense decreased by $10.6 million, or 4.2%, when compared to 2013, primarily because of lower debt levels and lower average interest rates on long-term debt.
our effective tax rate was 40.4% in 2015 compared to 38.0% in 2014. this increase was primarily due to an increase in non-deductible acquisition related expenses. see note 15, income taxes, for more information. we expect our 2016 annual effective tax rate to be between 37.5% and 38.5%.
our effective tax rate applicable to continuing operations was 38.0% in 2014 compared to 36.9% in 2013. this increase in our effective tax rate was due to reduced tax benefits associated with treasury grant income, decreased afudc - equity, and non-deductible acquisition related expenses.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows the following summarizes our cash flows during 2015, 2014, and 2013:
(in millions)                 2015                  2014                  2013                        change in 2015 over 2014       change in 2014 over 2013
operating activities                 $1,293.6              $1,198.9              $1,232.2                     $94.7                  $(33.3                )
operating activities
net cash provided by operating activities increased $94.7 million in 2015, driven by a $141.6 million increase related to net cash flows from the operating activities of integrys in the last six months of 2015 as a result of the acquisition on june 29, 2015. see note 2, acquisition, for more information.
the remaining $46.9 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities from legacy wisconsin energy corporation companies was driven by:
•   a $141.4 million decrease in cash related to higher payments for operating and maintenance costs in 2015.
these decreases in cash provided by operating activities from legacy wisconsin energy corporation companies were partially offset by a $174.4 million net increase in cash related to lower payments for natural gas, fuel, and purchased power, partially offset by a decrease in cash driven by lower overall collections from customers in 2015. this net increase was primarily due to the impact of lower commodity prices in 2015.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $33.3 million in 2014. during 2014, we experienced higher net income, higher depreciation expense and favorable cash flows from accounts receivable, primarily because of the timing of the treasury grant. more than offsetting these favorable items were increases in working capital related to natural gas in storage and increases in regulatory assets.
•   an investment of $1,329.9 million related to the june 29, 2015, acquisition of integrys, which is net of cash acquired of $156.3 million. see note 2, acquisition, for more information.
•   a $505.0 million increase in cash used for capital expenditures in 2015, which is discussed in more detail below.
these increases in cash used for investing activities were partially offset by:
•   a $17.3 million increase in cash related to the receipt of the cash surrender value of integrys corporate-owned life insurance policies in 2015.
•   a $15.0 million increase in proceeds from asset sales, driven by the sale of minergy llc and its remaining financial assets in 2015.
net cash used in investing activities increased $11.0 million in 2014, driven by higher capital expenditures of $36.0 million, which is discussed in more detail below. this increase in cash used in investing activities was partially offset by an increase in proceeds received from asset sales.
capital expenditures the following table summarizes our capital expenditures by business segment by year:
reportable segment(in millions)                  2015                2014                2013             change in 2015 over 2014             change in 2014 over 2013
the increase in capital expenditures in the wisconsin segment in 2015 was primarily due to the inclusion of wps as a result of the acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015. significant projects included in 2015 capital expenditures for wps include the reacttm emission control technology project at weston unit 3 and the system modernization and reliability project, which is a project to underground and upgrade certain electric distribution facilities in northern wisconsin. the wisconsin segment also included increased expenditures in 2015 related to wisconsin gas's western gas lateral project, which was a project to improve the reliability of wisconsin gas's natural gas distribution network in the western part of wisconsin and to better meet customer demand. these increases were partially offset by lower capital expenditures in 2015 for wisconsin electric's conversion of the fuel source for vapp from coal to natural gas, as most of the capital expenditures related to this project were incurred in 2014. for additional discussion regarding reacttm, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - capital requirements - capital expenditures and significant capital projects.
the illinois segment includes capital expenditures from pgl and nsg as a result of the acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015. in 2015, pgl incurred significant capital expenditures related to the amrp.
the other states segment includes capital expenditures from merc and mgu as a result of the acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015.
the increase in capital expenditures in the wisconsin segment in 2014 was primarily driven by the starting of the conversion of the fuel source for vapp from coal to natural gas.
see capital expenditures and significant capital projects below for more information.
•   a $1,900.0 million increase in the issuance of long-term debt in 2015, of which $1,200.0 million related to the acquisition of integrys.
•   an $82.8 million increase in net borrowings of commercial paper in 2015.
these increases in net cash from financing activities were partially offset by:
•   a $205.3 million increase in retirements of long-term debt in 2015, of which $130.1 million was attributable to legacy integrys and its subsidiaries.
•   a $103.4 million increase in dividends paid on common stock due to the issuance of 90.2 million shares associated with the integrys acquisition and an increase in our quarterly dividend rate effective with the closing of the acquisition on june 29, 2015. see note 2, acquisition and note 11, common equity, for more information.
•   a $52.7 million decrease in cash due to the redemption of all of wps's preferred stock in 2015. see note 12, preferred stock, for more information.
net cash used in financing activities decreased $89.8 million in 2014, primarily driven by a decrease in common stock repurchased as a result of our board of directors terminating our share repurchase program in connection with the acquisition of integrys. during 2014, we repurchased $18.6 million of common stock as compared to $126.0 million in 2013 as part of the share repurchase program. see note 11, common equity, for more information on share repurchases. our dividends paid on common stock increased $23.1 million in 2014 as a result of increases in the quarterly common stock dividend of 12.5% and 2.0% in the third quarter of 2013 and first quarter of 2014, respectively.
significant financing activities for information on our short-term debt, see note 13, short-term debt and lines of credit.
for information on our long-term debt, see note 14, long-term debt and capital lease obligations.
capital resources and requirements capital resources liquidity we anticipate meeting our capital requirements for our existing operations through internally generated funds and short-term borrowings, supplemented by the issuance of intermediate or long-term debt securities, depending on market conditions and other factors.
we currently have access to the capital markets and have been able to generate funds internally and externally to meet our capital requirements. our ability to attract the necessary financial capital at reasonable terms is critical to our overall strategic plan. we currently believe that we have adequate capacity to fund our operations for the foreseeable future through our existing borrowing arrangements, access to capital markets, and internally generated cash.
wec energy group, wisconsin electric, wisconsin gas, wps, and pgl maintain bank back-up credit facilities, which provide liquidity support for each company's obligations with respect to commercial paper and for general corporate purposes. we review our bank back-up credit facility needs on an ongoing basis and expect to be able to maintain adequate credit facilities to support our operations. see note 13, short-term debt and lines of credit, for more information about these credit facilities and other short-term credit agreements.
the following table shows our capitalization structure as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, as well as an adjusted capitalization structure that we believe is consistent with the manner in which the rating agencies currently view our 2007 6.25% series a junior subordinated notes due 2067 (6.25% junior notes), integrys's 2006 6.11% junior subordinated notes due 2066 (6.11% junior notes), and integrys's 2013 6.00% junior subordinated notes due 2073 (6.00% junior notes) (collectively, junior notes):
preferred stock of subsidiary                              30.4                   30.4                   30.4                   30.4
total capitalization                                  $19,062.0              $19,062.0               $9,662.5               $9,662.5
ratio of debt to total capitalization                      54.4    %              51.4    %              53.9    %              51.4    %
included in long-term debt on our balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, is $1,169.8 million and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of junior notes and 6.25% junior notes, respectively. the adjusted presentation attributes $584.9 million of the junior notes to common equity and $584.9 million to long-term debt in 2015 and $250.0 million of the 6.25% junior notes to common equity and $250.0 million to long-term debt in 2014. we believe this presentation is consistent with the 50% equity credit the majority of rating agencies currently attribute to the junior notes.
the adjusted presentation of our consolidated capitalization structure is presented as a complement to our capitalization structure presented in accordance with gaap. management evaluates and manages our capitalization structure, including our total debt to total capitalization ratio, using the gaap calculation as adjusted by the rating agency treatment of the junior notes. therefore, we believe the non-gaap adjusted presentation reflecting this treatment is useful and relevant to investors in understanding how management and the rating agencies evaluate our capitalization structure.
in february 2016, integrys repurchased and retired approximately $154.9 million aggregate principal amount of its 6.11% junior notes for a purchase price of $128.6 million, plus accrued and unpaid interest, through a modified "dutch auction" tender offer.
for a summary of the interest rate, maturity, and amount outstanding of each series of our long-term debt on a consolidated basis, see our capitalization statements.
as described in note 11, common equity, certain restrictions exist on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us. we do not expect these restrictions to have any material effect on our operations or ability to meet our cash obligations.
at december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all covenants related to outstanding short-term and long-term debt. we expect to be in compliance with all such debt covenants for the foreseeable future. see note 13, short-term debt and lines of credit, for more information about our credit facilities and other short-term credit agreements. see note 14, long-term debt and capital lease obligations, for more information about our long-term debt.
working capital as of december 31, 2015, our current liabilities exceeded our current assets by $502.2 million. we do not expect this to have any impact on our liquidity because we believe we have adequate back-up lines of credit in place for ongoing operations. we also have access to the capital markets to finance our construction programs and to refinance current maturities of long-term debt if necessary.
capital requirements acquisition of integrys the acquisition of integrys on june 29, 2015, was financed through the issuance of approximately 90.2 million shares of wisconsin energy corporation common stock, $1.2 billion of long-term debt, and $300.0 million of commercial paper. see note 2, acquisition, for more information on the acquisition.
contractual obligations we have the following contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2015:
capital lease obligations (3)                                  130.5                    45.1                      28.6                    31.9                      24.9
operating lease obligations (4)                                107.1                     9.8                      18.8                    11.9                      66.6
capital contributions to equity method investments               9.0                     9.0                         -                       -                         -
(1)   the amounts included in the table are calculated using current market prices, forward curves, and other estimates.
(2)   principal and interest payments on long-term debt (excluding capital lease obligations).
(3)   capital lease obligations for power purchase commitments. this amount does not include we power leases to wisconsin electric which are eliminated upon consolidation.
(4)   operating lease obligations for power purchase commitments and rail car leases.
(5)   energy and transportation purchase obligations under various contracts for the procurement of fuel, power, gas supply, and associated transportation related to utility operations.
(6)   purchase obligations related to normal business operations, information technology, and other services.
the table above does not include liabilities related to the accounting treatment for uncertainty in income taxes because we are not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to the amount and period of related future payments at this time. for additional information regarding these liabilities, refer to note 15, income taxes.
aros in the amount of $571.2 million are not included in the above table. settlement of these liabilities cannot be determined with certainty, but we believe the majority of these liabilities will be settled in more than five years.
obligations for utility operations have historically been included as part of the rate-making process and therefore are generally recoverable from customers.
capital expenditures and significant capital projects we have several capital projects that will require significant capital expenditures over the next three years and beyond. all projected capital requirements are subject to periodic review and may vary significantly from estimates, depending on a number of factors. these factors include environmental requirements, regulatory restraints and requirements, changes in tax laws and regulations, acquisition and development opportunities, market volatility, and economic trends. our estimated capital expenditures for the next three years are as follows:
(1)   wps is in the process of constructing a multi-pollutant control technology known as reacttm as part of weston unit 3. the control technology will help meet the requirements of a consent decree agreed to between wps and the epa. the technology will also assist with wps's compliance with future air pollution regulations, as well as help maintain a balanced generation portfolio. the cost of the project is estimated at approximately $342.0 million, excluding afudc, with a targeted completion date of april 2016.
(2)   pgl is continuing work on the amrp, a 20-year project that began in 2011 under which pgl is replacing approximately 2,000 miles of chicago's aging natural gas pipeline infrastructure. pgl currently recovers these costs through a surcharge on customer bills pursuant to an icc approved qualifying infrastructure plant rider, which is in effect through 2023. pgl expects to invest between $250 million and $280 million annually over the next three years.
we expect to provide capital contributions to atc (not included in the above table) of approximately $317 million from 2016 through 2018.
common stock matters for information related to our common stock matters, see note 11, common equity.
on january 21, 2016, the board of directors increased the quarterly dividend to $0.4950 per share effective with the first quarter of 2016 dividend payment, which equates to an annual dividend of $1.98 per share. in addition, the board of directors affirmed our dividend policy that continues to target a dividend payout ratio of 65-70% of earnings.
investments in outside trusts we use outside trusts to fund our pension and certain opeb obligations. these trusts had investments of approximately $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2015. these trusts hold investments that are subject to the volatility of the stock market and interest rates. we contributed $121 million, $13.9 million, and $22.8 million to our pension and opeb plans in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. future contributions to the plans will be dependent upon many factors, including the performance of existing plan assets and long-term discount rates. for additional information, see note 17, employee benefits.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are a party to various financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk as a part of our normal course of business, including financial guarantees and letters of credit which support construction projects, commodity contracts, and other payment obligations. we believe that these agreements do not have, and are not reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that is material to our investors. for additional information regarding guarantees and other off-balance sheet arrangements, see note 16, guarantees, and note 21, variable interest entities.
factors affecting results, liquidity, and capital resources market risks and other significant risks we are exposed to market and other significant risks as a result of the nature of our businesses and the environment in which those businesses operate. these risks, described in further detail below, include but are not limited to:
regulatory recovery our utilities account for their regulated operations in accordance with accounting guidance under the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc. our rates are determined by various regulatory commissions. see item 1. business - d. regulation, for more information on these commissions.
regulated entities are allowed to defer certain costs that would otherwise be charged to expense, if the regulated entity believes the recovery of these costs is probable. we record regulatory assets pursuant to specific orders or by a generic order issued by our regulators. recovery of these deferred costs in future rates is subject to the review and approval by those regulators. we assume the risks and benefits of ultimate recovery of these items in future rates. if the recovery of these costs is not approved by our regulators, the costs are charged to income in the current period. in general, our regulatory assets are recovered over a period of between one to six years. regulators can impose liabilities on a prospective basis for amounts previously collected from customers and for
amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers. we record these items as regulatory liabilities. as of december 31, 2015, our regulatory assets totaled $3,101.7 million and our regulatory liabilities totaled $1,426.0 million.
regarding our reacttm project, the pscw approved deferral of costs above the originally authorized $275.0 million level through 2016. we will be required to obtain a separate approval for collection of these deferred costs. also, prior to the acquisition, integrys initiated an it project with the goal of improving the customer experience. specifically, the project is expected to provide functional and technological benefits to the billing, call center, and credit collection functions. as of december 31, 2015, none of the costs have been disallowed in rate proceedings. we will be required to obtain approval for the recovery of additional costs incurred through the completion of this long-term project see note 22, regulatory environment, for additional information regarding recent and pending rate proceedings, orders, and investigations involving our utilities.
commodity costs in the normal course of providing energy, we are subject to market fluctuations in the costs of coal, natural gas, purchased power, and fuel oil used in the delivery of coal. we manage our fuel and natural gas supply costs through a portfolio of short and long-term procurement contracts with various suppliers for the purchase of coal, natural gas, and fuel oil. in addition, we manage the risk of price volatility through natural gas and electric hedging programs.
embedded within our utilities' rates are amounts to recover fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs. our utilities have recovery mechanisms in place that allow them to recover or refund all or a portion of the changes in prudently incurred fuel, natural gas, and purchased power costs from rate case-approved amounts. see item 1. business - d. regulation, for more information on these mechanisms.
higher commodity costs can increase our working capital requirements, result in higher gross receipts taxes, and lead to increased energy efficiency investments by our customers to reduce utility usage and/or fuel substitution. higher commodity costs combined with slower economic conditions also expose us to greater risks of accounts receivable write-offs as more customers are unable to pay their bills. see note 1(d), revenues and customer receivables, for more information on riders and other mechanisms that allow for cost recovery or refund of uncollectible expense.
weather our utilities' rates are based upon estimated normal temperatures. our electric revenues are unfavorably sensitive to below normal temperatures during the summer cooling season, and to some extent, to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. our natural gas revenues are unfavorably sensitive to above normal temperatures during the winter heating season. certain of our natural gas utilities have decoupling mechanisms in place that help reduce the impacts of weather. decoupling mechanisms differ by state and allow utilities to recover or refund certain differences between actual and authorized margins. a summary of actual weather information in our utilities' service territories during 2015, 2014, and 2013, as measured by degree days, may be found in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations.
interest rates we are exposed to interest rate risk resulting from our short-term borrowings and projected near-term debt financing needs. we manage exposure to interest rate risk by limiting the amount of our variable rate obligations and continually monitoring the effects of market changes on interest rates. when it is advantageous to do so, we enter into long-term fixed rate debt. we may also enter into derivative financial instruments, such as swaps, to mitigate interest rate exposure.
based on the variable rate debt outstanding at december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014, a hypothetical increase in market interest rates of one-percentage point would have increased annual interest expense by $11.0 million and $6.2 million, respectively. this sensitivity analysis was performed assuming a constant level of variable rate debt during the period and an immediate increase in interest rates, with no other changes for the remainder of the period.
marketable securities return we use various trusts to fund our pension and opeb obligations. these trusts invest in debt and equity securities. changes in the market prices of these assets can affect future pension and opeb expenses. additionally, future contributions can also be affected by the investment returns on trust fund assets. we believe that the financial risks associated with investment returns would be partially mitigated through future rate actions by our various utility regulators.
the fair value of our trust fund assets and expected long-term returns were approximately:
(in millions)             as of december 31, 2015          expected return on assets in 2016
pension trust funds            $2,755.1                              7.13                  %
opeb trust funds                 $749.8                              7.25                  %
fiduciary oversight of the pension and opeb trust fund investments is the responsibility of an investment trust policy committee. the committee works with external actuaries and investment consultants on an ongoing basis to establish and monitor investment strategies and target asset allocations. forecasted cash flows for plan liabilities are regularly updated based on annual valuation results. target asset allocations are determined utilizing projected benefit payment cash flows and risk analyses of appropriate investments. the targeted asset allocations are intended to reduce risk, provide long-term financial stability for the plans, and maintain funded levels which meet long-term plan obligations while preserving sufficient liquidity for near-term benefit payments. investment strategies utilize a wide diversification of asset types and qualified external investment managers.
we consult with our investment advisors on an annual basis to help us forecast expected long-term returns on plan assets by reviewing actual historical returns and calculating expected total trust returns using the weighted-average of long-term market returns for each of the major target asset categories utilized in the fund.
economic conditions we have electric and natural gas utility operations that serve customers in wisconsin, illinois, michigan, and minnesota. as such, we are exposed to market risks in the regional midwest economy. in addition, any economic downturn or disruption of national or international markets could adversely affect the financial condition of our customers and demand for their products, which could affect their demand for our products.
inflation we continue to monitor the impact of inflation, especially with respect to the costs of medical plans, fuel, transmission access, construction costs, and regulatory and environmental compliance in order to minimize its effects in future years through pricing strategies, productivity improvements, and cost reductions. we do not believe the impact of general inflation will have a material impact on our future results of operations.
for additional information concerning risk factors, including market risks, see the cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information at the beginning of this report and risk factors in item 1a.
industry restructuring electric utility industry the regulated energy industry continues to experience significant changes. ferc continues to support large rtos, which affects the structure of the wholesale market. to this end, miso implemented the miso energy markets, including the use of lmp to value electric transmission congestion and losses. increased competition in the retail and wholesale markets, which may result from restructuring efforts, could have a significant and adverse financial impact on us. it is uncertain when retail choice might be implemented, if at all, in wisconsin. however, michigan has adopted retail choice.
restructuring in wisconsin electric utility revenues in wisconsin are regulated by the pscw. the pscw has been focused on electric reliability infrastructure issues for the state of wisconsin in recent years. the pscw continues to maintain the position that the question of whether to implement electric retail competition in wisconsin should ultimately be decided by the wisconsin legislature. no such legislation has been introduced in wisconsin to date.
restructuring in michigan under michigan law, our retail customers may choose an alternative electric supplier to provide power supply service. some of our small retail customers have switched to an alternative electric supplier. the law limits customer choice to 10% of our michigan retail load, but the two iron ore mines in our service territory are excluded from this cap. see note 23, michigan settlement, for information on the mines' ability to switch to an alternative electric supplier. when a customer switches to an alternative electric supplier, we continue to provide distribution and customer service functions for the customer.
natural gas utility industry restructuring in wisconsin the pscw previously instituted generic proceedings to consider how its regulation of natural gas distribution utilities should change to reflect a competitive environment in the natural gas industry. to date, the pscw has made a policy decision to deregulate the sale of natural gas in customer classes with workably competitive market choices and has adopted standards for transactions between a utility and its natural gas marketing affiliates. all of our wisconsin customer classes have workably competitive market choices and, therefore, can purchase natural gas directly from a third party supplier. however, work on deregulation of the natural gas distribution industry by the pscw continues to be on hold. currently, we are unable to predict the impact of potential future deregulation on our results of operations or financial position.
restructuring in illinois since 2002, pgl and nsg have provided all of their customers with the option to choose an alternative retail natural gas supplier. pgl and nsg are not required by the icc or state law to make this option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to customers, pgl and nsg would need icc approval to eliminate it.
pgl and nsg offer natural gas transportation service to customers that select an alternative retail natural gas supplier. transportation customers purchase natural gas directly from an alternative retail natural gas supplier and use pgl's and nsg's distribution systems to transport the natural gas to their facilities. pgl and nsg still earn a distribution charge when they transport natural gas for these customers. as such, the loss of revenue associated with the natural gas that transportation customers purchase from an alternative retail natural gas supplier has little impact on our net income, since it is offset by an equal reduction to natural gas costs.
restructuring in minnesota we are unaware of any current efforts to deregulate the sale of natural gas in minnesota. while potential future efforts to deregulate the sale of natural gas could occur, we are unable to predict the impact of any potential future deregulation on our results of operations or financial position.
restructuring in michigan the option to choose an alternative retail natural gas supplier has been provided to wps's and mgu's customers since the late 1990s and 2005, respectively. wps and mgu are not required by the mpsc or state law to make this option available to customers, but since this option is currently provided to customers, wps and mgu would need mpsc approval to eliminate it.
wps and mgu offer natural gas transportation service to customers that select an alternative retail natural gas supplier. transportation customers purchase natural gas directly from an alternative retail natural gas supplier and use wps's and mgu's distribution systems to transport the natural gas to their facilities. wps and mgu still earn a distribution charge when they transport natural gas for these customers. as such, the loss of revenue associated with the natural gas that transportation customers purchase from an alternative retail natural gas supplier has little impact on our net income, since it is offset by an equal reduction to natural gas costs.
environmental matters cross-state air pollution rule in july 2011, the epa issued the csapr, which replaced a previous rule, the clean air interstate rule (cair). the purpose of the csapr was to limit the interstate transport of emissions of nox and so2 that contribute to fine particulate matter and ozone nonattainment in downwind states through a proposed allocation plan and allowance trading scheme. the rule was to become effective in january 2012. however, in december 2011, the csapr requirements were stayed by the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit (d.c. circuit court of appeals) and cair was implemented during the stay period. in august 2012, the d.c. circuit court of appeals issued a ruling vacating and remanding csapr and simultaneously reinstating cair pending the issuance of a replacement rule by the epa. the case was appealed to the united states supreme court (supreme court). in april 2014, the supreme court issued a decision largely upholding csapr and remanded it to the d.c. circuit court of appeals for further proceedings. in october 2014, the d.c. circuit court of appeals issued a decision that allowed the epa to begin implementing csapr on january 1, 2015. the compliance deadlines were also changed by three years, so that phase i emissions budgets apply in 2015 and 2016, and phase 2 emissions budgets will apply to 2017 and beyond.
in december 2015, the epa published its proposed update to the csapr for the 2008 ozone naaqs and plans to issue a final rule by august 2016. starting in 2017, this proposed rule would reduce ozone season (may 1 through september 30) nox emissions from power plants in 23 states in the eastern united states. in this rule, the epa is proposing to update phase ii csapr nox ozone season budgets for electric generating units in the 23 states. an approximate 60% reduction in nox emissions is proposed for wisconsin and an approximate 29% reduction is proposed for michigan, beginning in may 2017. additional investments in controls and/or shifts in generation may be required depending upon the final outcome of the rule. we submitted comments to the epa on the potential impacts of the rule.
see note 18, commitments and contingencies, for a discussion of additional environmental matters affecting us, including rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, land quality, renewable energy requirements, and climate change.
other matters american transmission company allowed return on equity complaint in november 2013, a group of miso industrial customer organizations filed a complaint with the ferc requesting to reduce the base roe used by miso transmission owners, including atc, to 9.15%. atc's current authorized roe is 12.2%. in october 2014, the ferc issued an order to hear the complaint on roe and set a refund effective date retroactive to november 12, 2013. the ferc conducted hearings in august 2015, and the alj issued an initial decision in december 2015. the alj's initial decision recommended that atc and all other miso transmission owners be authorized to collect a base roe of 10.32%, as well as the 0.5% incentive adder approved by the ferc in january 2015 for miso transmission owners. the alj's recommendation is not binding to the ferc. a ferc order related to this complaint is expected during the fourth quarter of 2016.
in february 2015, a second complaint was filed with the ferc requesting a reduction in the base roe used by miso transmission owners, including atc, to 8.67%, with a refund effective date retroactive to the filing date of the complaint. the ferc conducted hearings in february 2016 with respect to this second complaint, and an initial decision is expected by june 30, 2016.
in october 2014, the ferc issued an order, in regard to a similar complaint, reducing the base roe for new england transmission owners from their existing rate of 11.14% to 10.57%. in this order, the ferc used a revised method for determining the appropriate roe for ferc-jurisdictional electric utilities. the ferc expects its new methodology will narrow the "zone" of reasonable returns on equity. the ferc has stated that it expects future decisions on pending complaints related to similar roe issues to be guided by the new england transmission decision.
any change to atc's roe could result in lower equity earnings and distributions from atc in the future. we are currently unable to determine how the ferc may rule in these complaints. however, we believe it is probable that refunds will be required upon resolution of these issues. based on the alj's initial decision in december 2015, atc reduced its earnings, which resulted in us recognizing lower earnings from our investment in atc.
wisconsin power and light's (wp&l) riverside energy center facility in april 2015, wp&l filed a cpcn application with the pscw for approval to construct an approximate 650 mw natural gas-fired combined-cycle generating unit in beloit, wisconsin. recent construction proposals received by wp&l indicate that the unit could generate up to 700 mws. in the third quarter of 2015, wisconsin electric and wps requested and received intervention in this proceeding. as intervenors, wisconsin electric and wps proposed purchased power agreement alternatives to the new generating unit. in december 2015, wisconsin electric, wps, and wp&l entered into a settlement agreement that was approved by the pscw. based on the settlement agreement, the generating unit cannot become commercially operational before june 1, 2020. in addition, wp&l must enter into a purchased power agreement with wisconsin electric for miso planning years 2017, 2018, and 2019, whereby wisconsin electric will sell and wp&l will purchase capacity and energy at certain agreed upon prices. wps also will have the option to purchase an undivided ownership interest of up to 100 mws of generating capacity from the unit during the first two years of operation and up to an aggregate 200 mws of generating capacity during the third and fourth years of operation. other major terms of the settlement included agreement on ownership of future wisconsin electric and wps natural gas units, negotiation of a renewable generation joint development plan, and ownership terms of the jointly-owned columbia plant.
bonus depreciation provisions the protecting americans from tax hikes act of 2015 was signed into law on december 18, 2015. this act extended 50% bonus depreciation to assets placed in service during 2015 through 2017, 40% bonus depreciation to assets placed in service during 2018, and 30% bonus depreciation to assets placed in service during 2019. bonus depreciation is an additional amount of deductible depreciation that is awarded above and beyond what would normally be available. due to the resulting increase in federal tax depreciation, we did not make federal income tax payments for 2015, 2014, or 2013.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. the application of these policies necessarily involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and anticipated recovery of costs. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially impact the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of our business, but on our results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the nature of the accounting policies applied have not changed.
the following is a list of accounting policies that are most significant to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.
goodwill impairment goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired. goodwill is assessed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if a triggering event occurs. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit is greater than its fair value, impairment may be present. when evaluating goodwill for impairment, a qualitative assessment, referred to as the step zero approach, may first be performed to determine whether further quantitative analysis is necessary. if the qualitative assessment indicates that a reporting unit's fair value more likely than not exceeds its carrying value, the two-step quantitative analysis is unnecessary. however, the quantitative analysis needs to be performed if the qualitative assessment indicates that a reporting unit's carrying value more likely than not exceeds its fair value. the quantitative analysis involves calculating the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. since the qualitative assessment is optional, companies are allowed to proceed directly to the quantitative analysis.
we completed our annual goodwill impairment test for all of our reporting units that carried a goodwill balance effective august 31, 2015. our reporting units are the same as our reportable segments. we performed the step zero qualitative analysis since all of our reporting units were either valued recently in connection with the acquisition of integrys or passed their most recent goodwill impairment test by a significant amount. in addition, no events occurred that would have more likely than not caused a significant decrease in the fair values of our reporting units. events and circumstances we considered when performing the step zero analysis included, but were not limited to, macro-economic conditions, market and industry conditions, internal cost factors, share price fluctuations, competitive environment, and the operational stability and overall financial performance of the reporting units. after evaluating and weighing all relevant events and circumstances, we concluded that the carrying amounts of our reporting units were
significantly exceeded by their respective fair values. consequently, no reporting units were at risk of impairment. no impairment charges were recorded in 2015 as a result of our qualitative annual impairment assessment.
(in millions, except percentages)               goodwill           percentage of total goodwill wisconsin                                  $2,109.5                       69.8                %
see note 10, goodwill and other intangible assets, for more information.
pension and other postretirement employee benefits the costs of providing non-contributory defined pension benefits and opeb, described in note 17, employee benefits, are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience.
pension and opeb costs are impacted by actual employee demographics (including age, compensation levels, and employment periods), the level of contributions made to the plans, and earnings on plan assets. pension and opeb costs may also be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions, including anticipated rates of return on plan assets, mortality and discount rates, and expected health care cost trends. changes made to the plan provisions may also impact current and future pension and opeb costs.
pension and opeb plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. fluctuations in actual equity and fixed income market returns, as well as changes in general interest rates, may result in increased or decreased benefit costs in future periods. we believe that such changes in costs would be recovered or refunded at our utilities through the ratemaking process.
the following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the projected benefit obligation and the reported net periodic pension cost. each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only.
actuarial assumption(in millions, except percentages)       percentage-point change in assumption   impact on projected benefit obligation               impact on 2015pension cost discount rate                                                                               (0.5)   $198.0                                                         $10.6
rate of return on plan assets                                                               (0.5)   n/a                                          10.8
rate of return on plan assets                                                                 0.5   n/a                                                            (10.8          )
the following table shows how a given change in certain actuarial assumptions would impact the accumulated opeb obligation and the reported net periodic opeb cost. each factor below reflects an evaluation of the change based on a change in that assumption only.
actuarial assumption(in millions, except percentages)       percentage-point change in assumption             impact on postretirementbenefit obligation           impact on 2015 postretirementbenefit cost discount rate                                                                               (0.5)                                 $53.5                                                 $2.1
health care cost trend rate                                                                 (0.5)                                 (33.9                )                                (3.5               )
health care cost trend rate                                                                   0.5                                  38.5                                                  4.0
rate of return on plan assets                                                               (0.5)                                   n/a                                                  2.7
rate of return on plan assets                                                                 0.5                                   n/a                                                 (2.7               )
in the fourth quarter of 2014, the society of actuaries published a new set of mortality tables, which updated life expectancy assumptions. we have adjusted the tables to better reflect our plan-specific mortality experience and other general assumptions. we have incorporated the revised mortality tables into the projected pension and opeb obligations at december 31, 2015.
the discount rates are selected based on hypothetical bond portfolios consisting of noncallable (or callable with make-whole provisions), noncollateralized, high-quality corporate bonds with maturities between 0 and 30 years. the bonds are generally rated "aa" with a minimum amount outstanding of $50.0 million. from the hypothetical bond portfolios, a single rate is determined that equates the market value of the bonds purchased to the discounted value of the plans' expected future benefit payments.
we establish our expected return on assets based on consideration of historical and projected asset class returns, as well as the target allocations of the benefit trust portfolios. the assumed long-term rate of return on pension plan assets was 7.37% in 2015, and 7.25% in both 2014 and 2013, respectively. the actual rate of return on pension plan assets, net of fees, was (3.85)%, 6.17%, and 10.92%, in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
in selecting assumed health care cost trend rates, past performance and forecasts of health care costs are considered. for more information on health care cost trend rates and a table showing future payments that we expect to make for our pension and opeb, see note 17, employee benefits.
regulatory accounting our utility operations follow the guidance under the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc. our financial statements reflect the effects of the ratemaking principles followed by the various jurisdictions regulating us. certain items that would otherwise be immediately recognized as revenues and expenses are deferred as regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities for future recovery or refund to customers, as authorized by our regulators. future recovery of regulatory assets is not assured and is generally subject to review by regulators in rate proceedings for matters such as prudence and reasonableness. once approved, the regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized into earnings over the rate recovery period. if recovery or refund of costs is not approved or is no longer considered probable, these regulatory assets or liabilities are recognized in current period earnings. management regularly assesses whether these regulatory assets and liabilities are probable of future recovery or refund by considering factors such as changes in the regulatory environment, earnings at the electric and natural gas utilities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation.
the application of the regulated operations topic of the fasb asc would be discontinued if all or a separable portion of our utility operations no longer meet the criteria for application. our regulatory assets and liabilities would be written off as a charge to income as an unusual or infrequently occurring item in the period in which discontinuation occurred. as of december 31, 2015, we had $3,101.7 million in regulatory assets and $1,426.0 million in regulatory liabilities. see note 6, regulatory assets and liabilities, for more information.
unbilled revenues we record utility operating revenues when energy is delivered to our customers. however, the determination of energy sales to individual customers is based upon the reading of their meters, which occurs on a systematic basis throughout the month. at the end of each month, amounts of energy delivered to customers since the date of their last meter reading are estimated and corresponding unbilled revenues are calculated. this unbilled revenue is estimated each month based upon actual generation and throughput volumes, recorded sales, estimated customer usage by class, weather factors, estimated line losses, and applicable customer rates. significant fluctuations in energy demand for the unbilled period or changes in the composition of customer classes could impact the accuracy of the unbilled revenue estimate. total utility operating revenues during 2015 of approximately $5.8 billion included accrued utility revenues of $418.3 million as of december 31, 2015.
income tax expense we are required to estimate income taxes for each of the jurisdictions in which we operate as part of the process of preparing financial statements. this process involves estimating current income tax liabilities together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items, such as depreciation, for income tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our balance sheets. we also assess the likelihood that our deferred income tax assets will be recovered through future taxable income. to the extent we believe that realization is not likely, we establish a valuation allowance, which is offset by an adjustment to the provision for income taxes in the income statements.
uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations and the outcomes of tax audits and appeals requires that judgments and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of effective tax rates. only income tax benefits that meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold may be recognized or continue to be recognized. unrecognized tax benefits
are re-evaluated quarterly and changes are recorded based on new information, including the issuance of relevant guidance by the courts or tax authorities and developments occurring in the examinations of our tax returns.
significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred income tax assets and liabilities, the liability for unrecognized tax benefits, and any valuation allowance recorded against deferred income tax assets. the assumptions involved are supported by historical data, reasonable projections, and interpretations of applicable tax laws and regulations across multiple taxing jurisdictions. significant changes in these assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. see note 1(n), income taxes, and note 15, income taxes, for a discussion of accounting for income taxes.