item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those described in item 1a "risk factors" appearing elsewhere in this report. all foreign currency amounts that have been converted into u.s. dollars in this discussion are based on the exchange rate as reported by oanda for the applicable periods.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items, with year-over-year comparisons between these two years. a detailed discussion of 2021 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this annual report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021.
executive overview fleetcor is a leading global business payments company that helps businesses spend less by enabling them to better manage their expense-related purchasing and vendor payments processes. fleetcor's smarter payment and spend management solutions are delivered in a variety of ways depending on the needs of the customer. from physical payment cards to software that includes customizable controls and robust payment capabilities, we provide businesses with a better way to pay. fleetcor has been a member of the s&p 500 since 2018 and trades on the new york stock exchange under the ticker flt.
businesses spend an estimated $135 trillion each year with other businesses. in many instances, they lack the proper tools to monitor what is being purchased, and employ manual, paper-based, disparate processes and methods to both approve and make payments for their purchases. this often results in wasted time and money due to unnecessary or unauthorized spending, fraud, receipt collection, data input and consolidation, report generation, reimbursement processing, account reconciliations, employee disciplinary actions, and more.
fleetcor's vision is that every payment is digital, every purchase is controlled, and every related decision is informed. digital payments are faster and more secure than paper-based methods such as checks, and provide timely and detailed data that can be utilized to effectively reduce unauthorized purchases and fraud, automate data entry and reporting, and eliminate reimbursement processes. combining this payment data with analytical tools delivers powerful insights, which managers can use to better run their businesses. our wide range of modern, digitized solutions generally provides control, reporting, and automation benefits superior to many of the payment methods businesses often use such as cash, paper checks, general purpose credit cards, as well as employee pay and reclaim processes.
impact of covid-19 on our business the novel strain of coronavirus (including variants thereof, "covid-19") negatively impacted our results of operations and liquidity and various aspects of the world economy and our customers, suppliers and vendors. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic continues to impact our business operations, financial results, and liquidity through the remainder of 2023 will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict or assess, including the continued duration and scope of the pandemic and the geographies most affected; the transmissibility and severity of new variants of the virus; vaccine availability globally, distribution, efficacy to new strains of the virus, the effectiveness of vaccines and treatments over the long term and against new variants, and the public's willingness to get vaccinated, potential disruptions impacting our suppliers and vendors resulting, directly or indirectly, from new outbreaks of covid-19, vaccine mandates and/or vaccine hesitancy; the negative impact the covid-19 pandemic has on global and regional economies and general economic activity, including the duration and magnitude of its impact on unemployment rates and business spending levels; its short- and longer-term impact on the levels of consumer confidence; the effectiveness of actions that governments, businesses and individuals, including fleetcor, take in response to the pandemic; the inflationary impact of actions taken in connection with government and business responses to the covid-19 pandemic; and how quickly economies recover after any new or continuing outbreak of covid-19 subsides.
impact of russia's invasion of ukraine on our business the current conflict between russia and ukraine is creating substantial uncertainty about the role russia will play in the global economy in the future. although the length, impact and outcome of the ongoing military conflict between russia and ukraine is highly unpredictable, this conflict could lead to significant market and other disruptions. the escalation or continuation of this conflict presents heightened risks and has resulted and could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of cyber incidents or other disruptions to information systems, heightened risks to employee safety, significant volatility of the russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets, increased operating costs (including fuel and other input costs), the frequency and volume of failures to settle securities transactions, inflation, potential for increased volatility in commodity, currency and other financial markets, safety risks, and restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from russia. we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will affect our customers, operations or business partners or the demand for our products and our global business. depending on the actions we take or are required to take, the ongoing conflict could also result in loss of cash, assets or impairment charges. additionally, we may also face negative publicity and reputational risk based on the actions we take or are required to take as a result of the conflict, which could damage our brand image or corporate reputation.
the extent of the impact of these tragic events on our business remains uncertain and will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the conflict. we are actively monitoring the situation and assessing its impact on our business, analyzing options as they develop, pursuing the potential disposition of our russian operations, and refining crisis response materials designed to mitigate the impact of disruptions to our business. subject to ongoing negotiations, we currently expect to complete the disposition of the russia business in the second or third quarter of 2023. there can be no assurance that our plan will successfully mitigate all disruptions. to date we have not experienced any material interruptions in our infrastructure, technology systems or networks needed to support our operations. the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the military conflict, sanctions and resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. any such disruptions may also magnify the impact of other risks described herein.
our business in russia accounted for approximately 3.3% and 2.8% of our consolidated net revenues and 7.2% and 5.0% of our net income for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. our assets in russia were approximately 3.2% and 2.4% of our consolidated assets at december 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. the net book value of our assets in russia at december 31, 2022 was approximately $226.1 million of which $215.8 million is restricted cash. as described in note 4 to our consolidated financial statements, we currently have not recognized any impairment charges related to the assets of our russian business. however, the extent, severity, duration and outcome of the conflict between russia and ukraine and related sanctions could potentially impact the value of our assets in russia as the conflict continues. our russian business is part of our fleet segment.
performance revenues, net, net income and net income per diluted share. set forth below are revenues, net, net income and net income per diluted share for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except per share amounts).
adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are supplemental non-gaap financial measures of operating performance. see the heading entitled "management's use of non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. we use adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance on a consistent basis.
sources of revenue fleetcor offers a variety of business payment solutions that help to simplify, automate, secure, digitize and effectively control the way businesses manage and pay their expenses. we provide our payment solutions to our business, merchant, consumer and payment network customers in more than 165 countries around the world today, although we operate primarily in three geographies, with approximately 85% of our business in the u.s., brazil, and the u.k. our customers may include commercial businesses (obtained through direct and indirect channels) and partners for whom we manage payment programs, as well as individual consumers.
in the second quarter of 2022, in order to align with recent changes in the organizational structure and management reporting, the company updated its segment structure. the presentation of segment information has been recast for the prior years to align with this segment presentation for 2022. we manage and report our operating results through the following reportable segments, fleet, corporate payments, lodging, brazil and other, which aligns with how the chief operating decision maker (codm) allocates resources, assesses performance and reviews financial information.
to help facilitate an understanding of our expansive range of solutions around the world, we describe them in two solution-driven categories: vehicle and mobility solutions and corporate payments solutions. our vehicle and mobility solutions are purpose-built to enable our business and consumer customers to pay for vehicle and mobility-related expenses, while providing greater control and visibility of employee spending when compared with less specialized payment methods, such as cash or general-purpose credit cards. our vehicle and mobility solutions include fuel, lodging, tolls and other complementary products. our corporate payments solutions simplify and automate vendor payments and are designed to help businesses streamline the back-office operations associated with making outgoing payments. companies save time, cut costs, and manage b2b payment processing more efficiently with our suite of corporate payment solutions, including ap automation, virtual cards, cross-border, and purchasing and t&e cards. we provide other payments solutions that are not considered within our vehicle and mobility and corporate payments solutions, including gift and payroll card.
our revenue is generally reported net of the cost for underlying products and services purchased. in this report, we refer to this net revenue as "revenue". see "results of operations" for additional segment information.
revenues by segment*                                 revenues,                       % of total                       revenues,                       % of total net                    revenues, net                             net                    revenues, net fleet                                           $1,504.9                              44      %                  $1,320.1                              47      %
*columns may not calculate due to rounding. other includes our gift and payroll card businesses.
revenues, net, by geography and solution. revenues, net by geography and solution category for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021, were as follows (in millions):
revenues by geography*                               revenues,                       % of total                       revenues,                       % of total net                    revenues, net                             net                    revenues, net united states                                   $2,093.9                              61      %                  $1,785.2                              63      %
revenues by solution category*                             revenues,                     % of total revenues, net                       revenues,                       % of total net                                                                          net                    revenues, net fuel                                                  $1,378.3                                      40          %                  $1,180.1                              42      %
we generate revenue in our fuel solutions through a variety of program fees, including transaction fees, card fees, network fees and charges, as well as from interchange. these fees may be charged as fixed amounts, costs plus a mark-up, based on a percentage of the transaction purchase amounts, or a combination thereof. our programs also include other fees and charges associated with late payments and based on customer credit risk.
in our corporate payments solutions, the primary measure of volume is spend, the dollar amount of payments processed on behalf of customers through our various networks. we primarily earn revenue from the difference between the amount charged to the customer and the amount paid to the third party for a given transaction, as interchange or spread revenue. our programs may also charge fixed fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided. in our cross-border payments business, the majority of revenue is from exchanges of currency at spot rates, which enables customers to make cross-currency payments. our performance obligation in our foreign exchange payment services is providing a foreign currency payment to a customer's designated recipient and therefore, we recognize revenue on foreign exchange payment services when the underlying payment is made. revenues from foreign exchange payment services are primarily comprised of the difference between the exchange rate set by the company to the customer and the rate available in the wholesale foreign exchange market.
in our tolls solution, the relevant measure of volume is average monthly tags active during the period. we primarily earn revenue from fixed fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided. we also earn interchange on certain non-toll products.
in our lodging solutions, we primarily earn revenue from the difference between the amount charged to the customer and the amount paid to the hotel for a given transaction and commissions paid by hotels. we may also charge fees for access to the network and ancillary services provided.
in our gift solutions, we primarily earn revenue from the processing of gift card transactions sold by our customers to end users, as well as from the sale of the plastic cards. we may also charge fixed fees for ancillary services provided.
the remaining revenues represent other products that due to their nature or size, are not considered primary products. these include telematics offerings, fleet maintenance, food and transportation employee benefits related offerings, payroll cards and long-haul transportation services.
the following table presents revenue per key performance metric by solution for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions except revenues, net per key performance indicator).*
2022                        2021                       change                   % change                       2022                          2021                       change                   % change fuel
1 other includes telematics, maintenance, food, payroll card and transportation related businesses.
2 see heading entitled "managements' use of non-gaap financial measures" for a reconciliation of pro forma and macro adjusted revenue by product and metric non-gaap measures to the comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap.
organic revenue growth is a supplemental non-gaap financial measure of operating performance. organic revenue growth is calculated as revenue growth in the current period adjusted for the impact of changes in the macroeconomic environment (to include fuel price, fuel price spreads and changes in foreign exchange rates) over revenue in the comparable prior period adjusted to include or remove the impact of acquisitions and/or divestitures and non-recurring items that have occurred subsequent to that period. see the heading entitled "management's use of non-gaap financial measures" for more information and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap. we believe that organic revenue growth on a macro-neutral, one-time item, and consistent acquisition/divestiture/non-recurring item basis is useful to investors for understanding the performance of fleetcor.
revenue per relevant key performance indicator (kpi), which may include transaction, spend volume, monthly tags, room nights, or other metrics, is derived from the various revenue types as discussed above and can vary based on geography, the relevant merchant relationship, the payment product utilized and the types of products or services purchased, the mix of which would be influenced by our acquisitions, organic growth in our business, and the overall macroeconomic environment, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and fuel price spreads. revenue per kpi per customer may change as the level of services we provide to a customer increases or decreases, as macroeconomic factors change and as adjustments are made to merchant and customer rates. see "results of operations" for further discussion of transaction volumes and revenue per transaction.
sources of expenses we incur expenses in the following categories:
•processing-our processing expenses consist of expenses related to processing transactions, servicing our customers and merchants, credit losses and cost of goods sold related to our hardware and card sales in certain businesses.
•selling-our selling expenses consist primarily of wages, benefits, sales commissions (other than merchant commissions) and related expenses for our sales, marketing and account management personnel and activities.
•general and administrative-our general and administrative expenses include compensation and related expenses (including stock-based compensation and bonuses) for our employees, finance and accounting, information technology, human resources, legal and other administrative personnel. also included are facilities expenses, third-party professional services fees, travel and entertainment expenses, and other corporate-level expenses.
•depreciation and amortization-our depreciation expenses include depreciation of property and equipment, consisting of computer hardware and software (including proprietary software development amortization expense), card-reading equipment, furniture, fixtures, vehicles and buildings and leasehold improvements related to office space. our amortization expenses include amortization of intangible assets related to customer and vendor relationships, trade names and trademarks, software and non-compete agreements. we are amortizing intangible assets related to business acquisitions and certain private label contracts associated with the purchase of accounts receivable.
•other operating, net-our other operating, net includes other operating expenses and income items that do not relate to our core operations or that occur infrequently.
•other expense (income), net-our other expense (income), net includes gains or losses from the following: sales of assets, foreign currency transactions, extinguishment of debt, and investments. this category also includes other miscellaneous non-operating costs and revenue. certain of these items may be presented separately on the consolidated statements of income.
•interest expense, net-our interest expense, net includes interest expense on our outstanding debt, interest income on operating cash balances and interest on our interest rate swaps.
•provision for income taxes-our provision for income taxes consists of corporate income taxes related primarily to profits resulting from the sale of our products and services on a global basis.
factors and trends impacting our business we believe that the following factors and trends are important in understanding our financial performance:
•global economic conditions-our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the economy generally, in north america, brazil, and internationally, including the current conflict between russia and ukraine, as discussed elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, and the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic. factors affected by the economy include our transaction volumes, the credit risk of our customers and changes in tax laws across the globe. these factors affected our businesses in each of our segments.
•foreign currency changes-our results of operations are significantly impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates; namely, by movements of the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound, canadian dollar, czech koruna, euro, mexican peso, new zealand dollar and russian ruble, relative to the u.s. dollar. approximately 61%, and 63% of our revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively, was derived in u.s. dollars and was not affected by foreign currency exchange rates. see "results of operations" for information related to foreign currency impact on our total revenue, net.
our cross-border foreign risk management business aggregates foreign currency exposures arising from customer contracts and economically hedges the resulting net currency risks by entering into offsetting contracts with established financial institution counterparties. these contracts are subject to counterparty credit risk.
•fuel prices-our fleet customers use our products and services primarily in connection with the purchase of fuel. accordingly, our revenue is affected by fuel prices, which are subject to significant volatility. a change in retail fuel prices could cause a decrease or increase in our revenue from several sources, including fees paid to us based on a percentage of each customer's total purchase. changes in the absolute price of fuel may also impact unpaid account balances and the late fees and charges based on these amounts. we estimate approximately 13% and 12% of revenues, net were directly impacted by changes in fuel price in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
•fuel price spread volatility-a portion of our revenue involves transactions where we derive revenue from fuel price spreads, which is the difference between the price charged to a fleet customer for a transaction and the price paid to the merchant for the same transaction. in these transactions, the price paid to the merchant is based on the wholesale cost of fuel. the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel is dependent on several factors including, among others, the factors described above affecting fuel prices. the fuel price that we charge to our customer is dependent on several factors including, among others, the fuel price paid to the merchant, posted retail fuel prices and competitive fuel prices. we experience fuel price spread contraction when the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel increases at a faster rate than the fuel price we charge to our customers, or the fuel price we charge to our customers decreases at a faster rate than the merchant's wholesale cost of fuel. the inverse of these situations produces fuel price spread expansion. we estimate approximately 6% and 5% of revenues, net were directly impacted by fuel price spreads in 2022 and 2021, respectively.
•acquisitions-since 2002, we have completed over 95 acquisitions of companies and commercial account portfolios. acquisitions have been an important part of our growth strategy, and it is our intention to continue to seek opportunities to increase our customer base and diversify our service offering through further strategic acquisitions. the impact of acquisitions has, and may continue to have, a significant impact on our results of operations and may make it difficult to compare our results between periods.
•interest rates-from january 1, 2022 to february 13, 2023, the u.s. federal open market committee has increased the target federal funds rate eight times for a total rate increase of 4.50%. additional increases are possible in future periods. we are exposed to market risk changes in interest rates on our cash investments and debt, particularly in rising interest rate environments. on january 22, 2019, we entered into three interest rate swap contracts. one contract (which matured in january 2022) had a notional value of $1.0 billion, while the two remaining contracts each have a notional value of $500 million. one of the remaining contracts matured on january 31, 2023 and the other will mature on december 19, 2023. the objective of these swap contracts was to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2.0 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the libor and/or sofr benchmark interest rate. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month libor and/or sofr. on january 30, 2023, we entered into five new interest rate swap contracts totaling $1.5 billion. the objective of these contracts is to eliminate the variability of cash flows in interest payments associated with $1.5 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in sofr benchmark interest rate. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month term sofr.
in february 2023, to further manage the impact of the current interest rate environment, we entered into a cross-currency interest rate swap on $500 million of notional value of investments in various euro-functional subsidiaries. this swap matures in february 2024.
•expenses-over the long term, we expect that our expense will decrease as a percentage of revenue as our revenue increases, except for expenses related to transaction volume processed. to support our expected revenue growth, we plan to continue to incur additional sales and marketing expense by investing in our direct marketing, third-party agents, internet marketing, telemarketing and field sales force.
•in february 2023, we acquired a european-based vehicle maintenance provider and a cloud-based ev charging software platform for an immaterial amount.
•on november 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of roomex, a european workforce lodging provider serving the u.k. and german markets for approximately $56.8 million.
•in september 2022, we made an investment of $6.1 million in a u.k.-based ev search and pay mapping service.
•on september 6, 2022, we completed the acquisition of plugsurfing, a european ev software and network provider, for $75.8 million.
•on august 3, 2022, we completed the acquisition of accrualify, an ap automation software company, for $41.2 million.
•on march 1, 2022, we completed the acquisition of levarti, a u.s.-based airline software platform company, for $23.7 million.
•in february 2022, we made an investment of $7.8 million in an ev charging payments business and $5.0 million in an ev data analytics business.
•on december 15, 2021, we completed the acquisition of a mobile fuel payments solution in russia for an immaterial amount.
•on september 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of ale solutions, inc. (ale), a u.s. based provider of lodging solutions to the insurance industry, for $421.8 million.
•on june 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of associated foreign exchange (afex), a u.s. based, cross-border payment solutions provider, for $459.8 million, including cash.
•on january 13, 2021, we completed the acquisition of roger, which has been rebranded as corpay one, a global accounts payable (ap) cloud software platform for small businesses, for $39.0 million.
•during 2021, we made an investment of $37.8 million in a joint venture in brazil with caixa. we made investments in other businesses of $6.8 million.
results from our ale, levarti and roomex acquisitions are included in our lodging segment, and results from our accrualify, afex and roger acquisitions are reported in our corporate payments segment, from the dates of acquisition. results from our plugsurfing and russian acquisitions are reported in our fleet segment from the dates of acquisition.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2022 compared to the year ended december 31, 2021
the following table sets forth selected consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2022 and 2021 (in millions, except percentages)*.
year ended                    % of total                   year endeddecember 31,2021                    % of total                      increase                % change december 31,                       revenue                                                                    revenue                    (decrease)
consolidated operating expenses:
processing                                               764.7                           22.3     %                             559.8                               19.8     %                   204.9                     36.6    %
other operating, net                                       0.3                              -     %                             (0.8)                                  -     %                     1.1                            nm operating income                                       1,446.6                           42.2     %                           1,242.6                               43.8     %                   204.1                     16.4    %
loss on extinguishment of debt                             1.9                            0.1     %                              16.2                                0.6     %                  (14.3)                            nm provision for income taxes                               321.3                            9.4     %                             269.3                                9.5     %                    52.0                     19.3    %
operating income by segments:
operating income                                      $1,446.6                                                               $1,242.6                                                           $204.1                     16.4    %
*the sum of the columns and rows may not calculate due to rounding.
nm - not meaningful consolidated revenues, net our consolidated revenues were $3,427.1 million in 2022, an increase of 20.9% compared to the prior year. consolidated revenues increased primarily due to organic growth of 13% driven by increases in transaction volumes, the impact of acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022 of approximately $121.8 million and the positive impact of the macroeconomic environment.
although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we estimate it had a positive impact on our consolidated revenue for 2022 over 2021 of approximately $96 million, driven primarily by the favorable impact of fuel prices of approximately $99 million and favorable fuel price spreads of approximately $43 million. these increases were partially offset by unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $47 million, mostly in our u.k. and european businesses.
consolidated operating income operating income was $1,446.6 million in 2022, an increase of 16.4% compared to the prior year. the increase in operating income was primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in transaction volume, acquisitions completed in 2022 and 2021, the favorable impact of fuel prices of $99 million and favorable fuel price spreads of approximately $43 million. the increase in operating income was partially offset by additional bad debt of approximately $92 million, stock compensation of $41 million and unfavorable movements in the foreign exchange rates of $24 million.
consolidated operating expenses processing. processing expenses were $764.7 million in 2022, an increase of 36.6% compared to the prior year. increases were primarily due to higher variable expenses driven by larger transaction volumes, incremental credit losses of approximately $92 million and approximately $39 million of expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022. bad debt expense has increased as customer spend increased due to higher fuel prices and new sales, which generally tend to have a higher loss rate, and higher losses among micro-smb (small-medium business) customers who are feeling the brunt of negative economic conditions.
selling. selling expenses were $309.1 million in 2022, an increase of 17.9% compared to the prior year. increases in selling expenses were primarily associated with higher marketing and other variable costs due to increased sales volumes in 2022 and approximately $16 million of expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022.
general and administrative. general and administrative expenses were $584.1 million in 2022, an increase of 20.2% compared to the prior year. the increases were primarily due to increased stock based compensation expense of $41 million, the impact of acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022 of approximately $30 million, and various other increases associated with the growth of our business over the comparable prior period.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expenses were $322.3 million in 2022, an increase of 13.4%. the increase was primarily due to expenses related to acquisitions completed in 2021 and 2022 of approximately $24 million.
interest expense, net. interest expense was $164.7 million in 2022, an increase of 44.8% compared to the prior year. the increase in interest expense is primarily due to rising interest rates on increased borrowings, partially offset by the benefit of interest earned on higher operating cash balances. the following table sets forth the weighted average interest rates paid on borrowings under our credit facility, excluding the related unused facility fees and swaps.
revolving line of credit a &amp; b (usd)                3.50   %           1.60   %
revolving line of credit b (gbp)                           -   %           1.52   %
on january 22, 2019, we entered into three interest rate swap cash flow contracts. the objective of these interest rate swap contracts is to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, tied to the one month libor benchmark interest rate. during 2022, as a result of these swap contracts, we incurred additional interest expense of $10.6 million or 0.97% over the average libor rates on $2 billion of borrowings from january 1, 2022 to january 31, 2022 and $1 billion of borrowings from january 31, 2022 through december 31, 2022. in january 2022 and 2023, $1.0 billion and $500 million, respectively, of our interest rate swaps matured.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes and effective tax rate were $321.3 million and 25.2% in 2022, an increase of $52.0 million and 0.9%, respectively, compared to the prior year. the increase in the provision for income taxes was driven primarily by an increase in pre-tax earnings, less excess tax benefit on stock option exercises, and higher rates paid on certain foreign earnings compared to prior year. the increases were partially offset by the impact of a covid-related tax benefit in brazil realized during the fourth quarter of 2022, resulting in a $14 million tax benefit, which lowered our 2022 rate by 1.1%, and the determination that certain foreign income was permanently invested during the second quarter of 2022, resulting in a $9 million tax benefit that lowered our 2022 effective tax rate by 0.7%.
net income. for the reasons discussed above, our net income was $954.3 million in 2022, an increase of 13.7% compared to the prior year.
segment results fleet fleet revenues were $1,504.9 million in 2022, an increase of 14.0% compared to the prior year. fleet operating income was $728.0 million in 2022, an increase of 8.6% compared to the prior year. fleet revenues and operating income increased primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in transaction volumes and new sales growth, as well as the positive impact of the macroeconomic environment, partially offset by incremental bad debt of $61 million.
although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we estimate it had a positive impact on our fleet revenues and operating income in 2022 over the comparable prior year of approximately $106 million and $120 million, respectively. this impact was driven primarily by the favorable impact of fuel prices of approximately $97 million and favorable fuel spread margins of approximately $43 million. these increases were partially offset by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates on revenues and operating income of $35 million and $21 million, respectively, mostly in our u.k. and european businesses.
corporate payments corporate payments revenues were $772.4 million in 2022, an increase of 28.7% compared to the prior year. corporate payments operating income was $255.4 million in 2022, an increase of 29.3% compared to the prior year. corporate payments revenues and operating income increased primarily due to organic growth, with strong new sales in our ap and cross-border solutions, higher spend volume, as well as the impact of the afex acquisition, which were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of the macroeconomic environment.
although we cannot precisely measure the impact of the macroeconomic environment, in total we estimate it had a negative impact on our corporate payments revenues and operating income in 2022 over the comparable prior year of approximately $24 million and $7 million, respectively, driven primarily by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
lodging lodging revenues were $456.5 million in 2022, an increase of 47.4% compared to the prior year. lodging operating income was $218.6 million in 2022, an increase of 46.8% compared to the prior year. lodging revenues and operating income increased primarily due to increases in transaction volume driving organic growth, as well as the impact of the ale and levarti acquisitions. organic growth was driven by higher new sales and volumes in our workforce lodging product and continued recovery from the impact of covid-19 of our airline product, producing increased domestic travel volumes.
brazil brazil revenues were $442.2 million in 2022, an increase of 20.1% compared to the prior year. brazil operating income was $174.7 million in 2022, an increase of 13.2% compared to the prior year. brazil revenues and operating income increased primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in toll tags sold and expanded product utility, with the differentiated value proposition of our products. brazil revenues and operating income were also impacted by favorable changes in foreign exchange rates of approximately $19 million and $8 million, respectively, over the prior year.
other other revenues were $251.0 million in 2022, an increase of 6.4% compared to the prior year. other operating income was $69.9 million in 2022, a decrease of 2.1% compared to the prior year. other revenues increased primarily due to organic growth driven by increases in transaction volumes and early retail ordering of gift cards, as retailers seek to ensure adequate card stock in advance of holiday season. other operating income remained relatively the same year over year.
liquidity and capital resources our principal liquidity requirements are to service and repay our indebtedness, make acquisitions of businesses and commercial account portfolios, repurchase shares of our common stock and meet working capital, tax and capital expenditure needs.
sources of liquidity. we believe that our current level of cash and borrowing capacity under our credit facility and securitization facility (each defined below), together with expected future cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet the needs of our existing operations and planned requirements for the foreseeable future, based on our current assumptions. at december 31, 2022, we had approximately $2.0 billion in total liquidity, consisting of approximately $0.6 billion available under our credit facility (defined below) and unrestricted cash of $1.4 billion. restricted cash primarily represents customer deposits in our corporate payments businesses in the u.s., as well as certain types of cash collateral received from customers for derivative transactions in our cross-border risk management business. cross-border deposits are restricted from use other than to repay customer deposits, as well as to secure and settle cross-currency transactions. cash collateral posted with financial institution counterparties is also reported in restricted cash. based on our assessment of the current capital market conditions and related impact on our access to cash, we have classified all cash held at our russian businesses of $215.8 million as restricted cash as of december 31, 2022.
we also utilize an accounts receivable securitization facility to finance a portion of our domestic receivables, to lower our cost of borrowing and more efficiently use capital. accounts receivable collateralized within our securitization facility relate to trade receivables resulting primarily from charge card activity in the u.s. we also consider the undrawn amounts under our securitization facility and credit facility as funds available for working capital purposes and acquisitions. at december 31, 2022, we had no additional liquidity under our securitization facility.
we cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict between russia and ukraine will affect our customers, supply chain, operations or business partners or the demand for our products and our global business. depending on the actions we take or are required to take, the ongoing conflict could also result in loss of cash flows, assets or impairment charges. the extent of the impact of these tragic events on our business remains uncertain and will continue to depend on numerous evolving factors that we are not able to accurately predict, including the duration and scope of the conflict. we are actively monitoring the situation and assessing its impact on our business, analyzing options as they develop, pursuing the potential disposition of our russian operations, and refining crisis response materials designed to mitigate the impact of disruptions to our business. subject to ongoing negotiations, we currently expect to complete the disposition of the russia business in the second or third quarter of 2023.
net cash provided by operating activities                            $754.8                           $1,197.1
operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities was $754.8 million in 2022, a decrease from $1,197.1 million in 2021. the decrease in operating cash flows was primarily due to unfavorable movement in working capital resulting mostly from the increase in fuel prices and volumes, as well as the timing of cash receipts and payments around year-end in 2022 versus 2021.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $368.3 million in 2022, a decrease from $715.9 million in 2021. the decreased use of cash was primarily due to smaller acquisitions completed in 2022, partially offset by an increased investment in technology of $40 million in 2022 over 2021.
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities was $311.2 million in 2022, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $343.9 million in 2021. this change of $655 million was primarily due to decreases in net borrowings on our credit facility and securitization facility of $386 million and $249 million, respectively, and increased repurchases of common stock of $49 million.
capital spending summary our capital expenditures were $151.4 million in 2022, an increase of 35.8%, compared to the prior year due to the impact of acquisitions and continued investments in technology.
credit facility fleetcor technologies operating company, llc, and certain of our domestic and foreign owned subsidiaries, as designated co-borrowers (the "borrowers"), are parties to a $6.4 billion credit agreement (the "credit agreement"), with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer, and a syndicate of financial institutions (the "lenders"), which has been amended multiple times. the credit agreement provides for senior secured credit facilities (collectively, the "credit facility") consisting of a revolving credit facility in the amount of $1.5 billion, a term loan a facility in the amount of $3.0 billion and a term loan b facility in the amount of $1.9 billion as of december 31, 2022. the revolving credit facility consists of (a) a revolving a credit facility in the amount of $1 billion with sublimits for letters of credit and swing line loans and (b) a revolving b facility in the amount of $500 million with borrowings in u.s. dollars, euros, british pounds, japanese yen or other currency as agreed in advance and a sublimit for swing line loans. the credit agreement also includes an accordion feature for borrowing an additional $750 million in term loan a, term loan b, revolving a or revolving b facility debt and an unlimited amount when the leverage ratio on a pro-forma basis is less than 3.75 to 1.00. proceeds from the credit facilities may be used for working capital purposes, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes.
on june 24, 2022, the company entered into the twelfth amendment to the credit agreement. the amendment replaced the then-existing term loan a with the $3 billion term loan a described above and the then-existing revolving credit facility with the $1.5 billion revolving credit facility described above, resulting in net increases of $273 million and $215 million to the capacities of the term loan a and revolving credit facility, respectively. in addition, the amendment replaced libor for usd borrowings with the sofr plus a sofr adjustment of 0.10% for the term loan a and the revolving credit facility and extended the maturity date. the maturity date for the new term loan a and revolving credit facilities a and b is june 24, 2027. the term loan b has a maturity date of april 30, 2028.
interest on amounts outstanding under the credit agreement (other than the term loan b) accrues as follows: for loans denominated in u.s. dollars, based on sofr plus a sofr adjustment of 0.10%, in british pounds, based on the sonia plus a sonia adjustment of 0.0326%, in euros, based on the euribor, or in japanese yen, at the tibor plus a margin based on a leverage ratio, or our option (for u.s. dollar borrowings only), the base rate (defined as the rate equal to the highest of (a) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%, (b) the prime rate announced by bank of america, n.a., or (c) sofr plus 1.00% plus a margin based on a leverage ratio). interest on the term loan b facility accrues based on the british bankers association libor rate
(the "eurocurrency rate") plus 1.75%. in addition, the company pays a quarterly commitment fee at a rate per annum ranging from 0.25% to 0.30% of the daily unused portion of the credit facility.
at december 31, 2022, the interest rate on the term loan a was 5.80%, the interest rate on the term loan b was 6.13% and the interest rate on the revolving a facility was 5.79%. there were no amounts outstanding under the revolving b facility at december 31, 2022. the unused credit facility fee was 0.25% for all revolving facilities at december 31, 2022.
the term loans are payable in quarterly installments due on the last business day of each march, june, september, and december with the final principal payment due on the respective maturity date. borrowings on the revolving line of credit are repayable at the maturity of the facility. borrowings on the domestic swing line of credit are due on demand, and borrowings on the foreign swing line of credit are due no later than twenty business days after such loan is made.
the obligations of the borrowers under the credit agreement are secured by substantially all of the assets of fleetcor and its domestic subsidiaries, pursuant to a security agreement and includes a pledge of (i) 100% of the issued and outstanding equity interests owned by us of each domestic subsidiary and (2) 66% of the voting shares of the first-tier foreign subsidiaries, but excluding real property, personal property located outside of the u.s., accounts receivables and related assets subject to the securitization facility and certain investments required under money transmitter laws to be held free and clear of liens.
at december 31, 2022, we had $3.0 billion in borrowings outstanding on term loan a, net of discounts, $1.9 billion in borrowings outstanding on term loan b, net of discounts, and $0.9 billion in borrowings outstanding on the revolving credit facility. we have unamortized debt issuance costs of $4.6 million related to the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2022 recorded in other assets within the consolidated balance sheets. we have unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs of $23.9 million related to the term loans as of december 31, 2022 recorded in notes payable and other obligations, net of current potion within the consolidated balance sheets. as a result of the amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs, the effective interest rate incurred on the term loans was 3.41% during 2022.
during 2022, as a result of the amendment described above, we made principal payments of $2.8 billion on the term loans, and $6.5 billion on the revolving facilities.
as of december 31, 2022, we were in compliance with each of the covenants under the credit agreement.
cash flow hedges on january 22, 2019, we entered into three interest rate swap contracts. one contract (which matured in january 2022) had a notional value of $1.0 billion, while the two remaining contracts each have a notional value of $500 million. one of the remaining contracts matured on january 31, 2023 and the other will mature on december 19, 2023. the objective of these swap contracts is to reduce the variability of cash flows in the previously unhedged interest payments associated with $2.0 billion of unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the libor and/or sofr benchmark interest rate. these swap contracts qualify as hedging instruments and have been designated as cash flow hedges. for each of these swap contracts, we pay a fixed monthly rate and receive one month libor and/or sofr. we reclassified approximately $11 million of gains from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings during the year ended december 31, 2022 as a result of these hedging instruments.
the purpose of these contracts is to eliminate the variability of cash flows in interest payments associated with the company's unspecified variable rate debt, the sole source of which is due to changes in the sofr benchmark interest rate. the company has designated these derivative instruments as cash flow hedging instruments, which are expected to be highly effective at offsetting changes in cash flows of the related underlying exposure.
net investment hedge in february 2023, we entered into a cross currency interest rate swap that we designate as a net investment hedge of our investments in euro-denominated operations. this contract effectively converts $500 million of u.s. dollar equivalent to an obligation denominated in euro, and partially offsets the impact of changes in currency rates on our euro denominated net investments. this contract also creates a positive interest differential on the u.s. dollar-denominated portion of the swap, resulting in a 1.96% interest rate savings on the usd notional.
securitization facility we are a party to a $1.7 billion receivables purchase agreement among fleetcor funding llc, as seller, pnc bank, national association as administrator, and various purchaser agents, conduit purchasers and related committed purchasers parties thereto. we refer to this arrangement as the securitization facility. there have been multiple amendments to the securitization facility in 2022. on march 23, 2022, we entered into the tenth amendment to the securitization facility. the amendment increased the securitization facility commitment from $1.3 billion to $1.6 billion and replaced libor with sofr plus a sofr adjustment of 0.10%. on august 18, 2022, we entered into the eleventh amendment to the securitization facility. the amendment increased the securitization facility commitment from $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion, reduced the program fee margin and extended the maturity of the securitization facility to august 18, 2025.
the securitization facility provides for certain termination events, which includes nonpayment, upon the occurrence of which the administrator may declare the facility termination date to have occurred, may exercise certain enforcement rights with respect to the receivables, and may appoint a successor servicer, among other things.
we were in compliance with all financial and non-financial covenant requirements related to our securitization facility as of december 31, 2022.
stock repurchase program given the company's returns on its capital investments and significant cash provided by operations, management believes it is prudent to reinvest in the business to drive profitable growth and use excess cash flow to return cash to shareholders over time through stock repurchases. the company's board of directors (the "board") has approved a stock repurchase program (as updated from time to time, the "program") authorizing the company to repurchase its common stock from time to time until february 1, 2024. on january 25, 2022, the board increased the aggregate size of the program by $1.0 billion, to $6.1 billion, and on october 25, 2022, the board increased the aggregate size of the program again by $1.0 billion to $7.1 billion. since the beginning of the program through december 31, 2022, 26,280,908 shares have been repurchased for an aggregate purchase price of $5.9 billion, leaving the company up to $1.2 billion of remaining authorization available under the program for future repurchases in shares of its common stock. there were 6,212,410 common shares totaling $1.4 billion in 2022; 5,451,556 common shares totaling $1.4 billion in 2021 and 3,497,285 common shares totaling $940.8 million in 2020; repurchased under the program.
any stock repurchases may be made at times and in such amounts as deemed appropriate. the timing and amount of stock repurchases, if any, will depend on a variety of factors including the stock price, market conditions, corporate and regulatory requirements, and any additional constraints related to material inside information the company may possess. any repurchases have been and are expected to be funded by a combination of available cash flow from the business, working capital and debt.
material cash requirements and uses of cash material cash requirements primarily consist of debt obligations and related interest payments, along with lease obligations. refer to the debt footnote on page 84 and leases footnote on page 89 of this form 10-k for more information.
deferred income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2022 were approximately $527.5 million. refer to income taxes footnote on page 87 of this form 10-k for more information. deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. the results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future periods. as a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading, as this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs. at december 31, 2022, we had approximately $60.7 million of unrecognized income tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions. we cannot reasonably estimate when all of these unrecognized income tax benefits may be settled. we do not expect reductions to unrecognized income tax benefits within the next 12 months as a result of projected resolutions of income tax uncertainties.
critical accounting policies and estimates, adoption of new accounting standards, and pending adoption of recently issued accounting standards in applying the accounting policies that we use to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we necessarily make accounting estimates that affect our reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. some of these estimates require us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time we make the accounting estimates. we base these assumptions and the resulting estimates on historical information and other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, and we evaluate these assumptions and estimates on an ongoing basis. in many instances, however, we reasonably could have used different accounting estimates and, in other instances, changes in our accounting estimates could occur from period to period, with the result in each case being a material change in the financial statement presentation of our financial condition or results of operations. we refer to estimates of this type as critical accounting estimates. our significant accounting policies are summarized in the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this report. the critical accounting estimates that we discuss below are those that we believe are most important to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements.
see the summary of significant accounting policies footnote on page 65 of this form 10-k for additional information.
revenue recognition and presentation. we provide payment solutions to our business, merchant, consumer and payment network customers. our payment solutions are primarily focused on specific commercial spend categories, including fuel, corporate payments, tolls and lodging, as well as gift solutions (stored value cards and e-cards). we provide solutions that help businesses of all sizes control, simplify and secure payment of various domestic and cross-border payables using specialized payment products. we also provide other payment solutions for fleet maintenance, employee benefits and long-haul transportation-related services.
payment services our primary performance obligation for the majority of our payment solutions (corporate payments, fuel, lodging, and gift, among others) is to stand-ready to provide authorization and processing services (payment services) for an unknown or unspecified quantity of transactions and the consideration received is contingent upon the customer's use (e.g., number of transactions submitted and processed) of the related payment services. accordingly, the total transaction price is variable. payment services involve a series of distinct daily services that are substantially the same, with the same pattern of transfer to the customer. as a result, we allocate and recognize variable consideration in the period we have the contractual right to invoice the customer. for the tolls payment solution, our primary performance obligation is to stand-ready each month to provide access to the toll network and process toll transactions. each period of access is determined to be distinct and substantially the same as the customer benefits over the period of access. in our cross-border payments business, a portion of revenue is from exchanges of currency at spot rates, which enables customers to make cross-currency payments.
gift card products and services our gift solutions deliver both stored value cards and e-cards (cards), and card-based services primarily in the form of gift cards to retailers. these activities each represent performance obligations that are separate and distinct. revenue for stored value cards is recognized (gross of the underlying cost of the related card, recorded in processing expenses within the consolidated statements of income) at the point in time when control passes to our customer, which is generally upon shipment.
other we account for revenue from late fees and finance charges, in jurisdictions where permitted under local regulations, primarily in the u.s. and canada in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) 310, "receivables". such fees are recognized net of a provision for estimated uncollectible amounts, at the time the fees and finance charges are assessed and services are provided. we cease billing and accruing for late fees and finance charges approximately 30 - 40 days after the customer's balance becomes delinquent.
in addition, in our cross-border payments business, we write foreign currency forward and option contracts for our customers to facilitate future payments in foreign currencies. the duration of these derivative contracts at inception is generally less than one year. we aggregate our foreign exchange exposures arising from customer contracts, including forwards, options and spot exchanges of currency, as necessary, and economically hedge the net currency risks by entering into offsetting derivatives with established financial institution counterparties. the changes in fair value related to these instruments are recorded in revenues, net in the consolidated statements of income.
refer to the revenue footnote on page 71 of this form 10-k for additional information.
financial instruments-credit losses. our current expected credit loss methodology for measurement of credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis, replaces the previous incurred loss impairment methodology. our financial assets subject to credit losses are primarily trade receivables. we utilize a combination of aging and loss-rate methods to develop an estimate of current expected credit losses, depending on the nature and risk profile of the underlying asset pool, based on product, size of customer and historical losses. expected credit losses are estimated based upon an assessment of risk characteristics, historical payment experience, and the age of outstanding receivables, adjusted for forward-looking economic conditions. the allowances for remaining financial assets measured at amortized cost basis are evaluated based on underlying financial condition, credit history, and current and forward-looking economic conditions. the estimation process for expected credit losses includes consideration of qualitative and quantitative risk factors associated with the age of asset balances, expected timing of payment, contract terms and conditions, changes in specific customer risk profiles or mix of customers, geographic risk, economic trends and relevant environmental factors. refer to the financial instruments-credit losses section in the summary of significant accounting policies footnote on page 63 of this form 10-k for additional information.
impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived assets. we complete an impairment test of goodwill at least annually or more frequently if facts or circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. we first perform a qualitative assessment of certain of our reporting units. factors considered in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, sustained decrease in our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, a quantitative test would be required. we then perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test for the applicable reporting units by comparing the reporting unit's carrying amount, including goodwill, to its fair value which is measured based upon, among other factors, a discounted cash flow analysis and, to a lesser extent, market multiples for comparable companies. estimates critical to our evaluation of goodwill for impairment include forecasts for revenues, net, and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) growth, and long-term growth rates, as well as the discount rates. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, a goodwill impairment loss is recognized.
we also evaluate indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks and trade names) for impairment annually. we test for impairment if events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is below its carrying amount. estimates critical to our evaluation of indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment include the discount rate, royalty rates used in our evaluation of trade names, projected revenue growth and projected long-term growth rates in the determination of terminal values. an impairment loss is recorded if the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds the estimated fair value on the measurement date.
refer to the impairment of long-lived assets, intangibles and investments section in the summary of significant accounting policies footnote on page 64 of this form 10-k and the goodwill and other intangible assets footnote on page 82 of this form 10-k for additional information.
income taxes. we account for income taxes under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date. we have elected to treat the global intangible low taxed income (gilti) inclusion as a current period expense.
the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the associated temporary differences become deductible. we evaluate on a quarterly basis whether it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future and conclude whether a valuation allowance must be established.
we account for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity's financial statements and prescribe thresholds and measurement attributes for financial statement disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. the impact of an uncertain income tax position on the income tax return must be recognized at the largest amount that is more likely than not to be sustained upon audit by the relevant taxing authority. an uncertain income tax position will not be recognized if it has less than a 50 percent likelihood of being sustained. we include any estimated interest and penalties on tax related matters in income tax expense. refer to the income taxes footnote on page 87 of this form 10-k for additional information.
business combinations. business combinations completed by us have been accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that the acquired assets and liabilities, including contingencies, be recorded at fair value determined as of the acquisition date. the excess of the purchase price over the fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed represents goodwill. the results of the acquired businesses are included in our results of operations beginning from the completion date of the transaction.
the estimates we use to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, can be complex and require significant judgments. we use information available to us to make fair value determinations and engage independent valuation specialists, when necessary, to assist in the fair value determination of significant acquired long-lived assets. the estimated fair values of customer-related and contract-based intangible assets are generally determined using the income approach, which is based on projected cash flows discounted to their present value using discount rates that consider the timing and risk of the forecasted cash flows. the discount rates used represented a risk adjusted market participant weighted-average cost of capital, derived using customary market metrics. these measures of fair value also require considerable judgments about future events, including forecasted revenue growth rates, forecasted customer attrition rates, contract renewal estimates and technology changes. acquired technologies are generally valued using the replacement cost method, which requires us to estimate the costs to construct an asset of equivalent utility at prices available at the time of the valuation analysis, with adjustments in value for physical deterioration and functional and economic obsolescence. trademarks and trade names are generally valued using the "relief-from-royalty" approach. this method assumes that trademarks and trade names have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. this method requires us to estimate the future revenues for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted-average cost of capital. this measure of fair value requires considerable judgment about the value a market participant would be willing to pay in order to achieve the benefits associated with the trade name.
while we use our best estimates and assumptions to determine the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed, our estimates are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. as a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded in our consolidated statements of income. we also estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the period over which to recognize the amount of acquisition-related intangible assets as an expense. certain assets may be considered to have indefinite useful lives. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate. refer to the acquisitions footnote on pages 79 of this form 10-k for additional information and the goodwill and other intangible assets footnote on page 82 of this form 10-k for additional information.
management's use of non-gaap financial measures we have included in the discussion above certain financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with gaap. any analysis of non-gaap financial measures should be used only in conjunction with results presented in accordance with gaap. below, we define the non-gaap financial measures, provide a reconciliation of each non-gaap financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with gaap, and discuss the reasons that we believe this information is useful to management and may be useful to investors.
we have defined the non-gaap measure adjusted net income as net income as reflected in our statement of income, adjusted to eliminate a) non-cash share based compensation expense related to share based compensation awards, (b) amortization of deferred financing costs, discounts, intangible assets and amortization of the premium recognized on the purchase of receivables, (c) integration and deal related costs, and (d) other non-recurring items, including the impact of discrete tax items, impairment charges, asset write-offs, restructuring and related costs, loss on extinguishment of debt, and legal settlements and regulatory-related legal fees.
we have defined the non-gaap measure adjusted net income per diluted share as the calculation previously noted divided by the weighted average diluted shares outstanding as reflected in our statement of income.
we calculate adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to eliminate the effect of items that we do not consider indicative of our core operating performance. we believe it is useful to exclude non-cash share based compensation expense from adjusted net income because non-cash equity grants made at a certain price and point in time do not necessarily reflect how our business is performing at any particular time and share based compensation expense is not a key measure of our core operating performance. we also believe that amortization expense can vary substantially from company to company and from period to period depending upon their financing and accounting methods, the fair value and average expected life of their acquired intangible assets, their capital structures and the method by which their assets were acquired; therefore, we have excluded amortization expense from our adjusted net income. integration and deal related costs represent business acquisition transaction costs, professional services fees, short-term retention bonuses and system migration costs, etc., that are not indicative of the performance of the underlying business. we also believe that certain expenses, the impact of discrete tax items, impairment charges, asset write-offs, restructuring and related costs, losses on extinguishment of debt, and legal settlements and regulatory-related legal fees do not necessarily reflect how our business is performing. we adjust net income for the tax effect of each of these non-tax items using our effective income tax rate during the period, exclusive of discrete tax items. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are supplemental measures of operating performance that do not represent and should not be considered as an alternative to net income, net income per diluted share or cash flow from operations, as determined by gaap. adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share are not intended to be a substitute for gaap financial measures, and our calculation thereof may not be comparable to that reported by other companies.
organic revenue growth is calculated as revenue growth in the current period adjusted for the impact of changes in the macroeconomic environment (to include fuel price, fuel price spreads and changes in foreign exchange rates) over revenue in the comparable prior period adjusted to include or remove the impact of acquisitions and/or divestitures and non-recurring items that have occurred subsequent to that period. we believe that organic revenue growth on a macro-neutral and consistent acquisition/divestiture/non-recurring item basis is useful to investors for understanding the performance of fleetcor.
management uses adjusted net income, adjusted net income per diluted share and organic revenue growth:
•as measurements of operating performance because they assist us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis;
•for planning purposes, including the preparation of our internal annual operating budget;
•to allocate resources to enhance the financial performance of our business; and
•to evaluate the performance and effectiveness of our operational strategies.
reconciliation of non-gaap revenue and key performance metric by solution to gaap. set forth below is a reconciliation of organic growth by component, calculated using pro forma and macro adjusted revenue and transactions to the most directly comparable gaap measure, revenue, net and transactions (in millions):
revenue                                    key performance indicators year ended december 31,*                                      year ended december 31,*
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (2)                                 -                               (6)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             141                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (24)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (64)                                -                          (11,678)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               2                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (26)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                          16                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (55)                                -                               (4)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (2)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (4)                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                       -                                   -                                 -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (8)                       -                                   -                                 -
fleetcor consolidated revenues pro forma and macro adjusted                          $3,332                       $2,956                                              intentionally left blank impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                       (122)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             143                       -
impact of foreign exchange rates2                       (47)                       -
1 other includes telematics, maintenance, food, payroll card and transportation related businesses.
2 revenues reflect an estimated $99 million positive impact from fuel prices and approximately $43 million positive impact from fuel price spreads, partially offset by the negative impact of movements in foreign exchange rates of approximately $47 million.
reconciliation of non-gaap organic growth by segment to gaap. set forth below is a reconciliation of organic growth by segment, calculated using pro forma and macro adjusted revenue to the most directly comparable gaap measure, revenue, net and transactions (in millions):
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                             (2)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             141                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (35)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                            (64)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               2                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (26)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                            (55)
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (2)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                               -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                          19                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                               -
impact of fuel prices/spread                               -                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                         (4)                               -
impact of acquisitions/dispositions                        -                           (122)
impact of fuel prices/spread                             143                               -
impact of foreign exchange rates                        (47)                               -
1 other includes gift and payroll card operating segments.
reconciliation of non-gaap measures. set forth below is a reconciliation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share to the most directly comparable gaap measure, net income and net income per diluted share (in thousands, except per share amounts)*:
loss on extinguishment of debt                                      1,934                              16,194
total pre-tax adjustments                                         393,006                             346,013
2 includes $9 million adjustment for tax benefit of certain income determined to be permanently invested in q2 2022.