item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this report contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding trends, seasonality, cyclicality and growth in, and drivers of, the markets we sell into, our strategic direction, earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, remediation activities, new solution and service introductions, the ability of our solutions to meet market needs, changes to our manufacturing processes, the use of contract manufacturers, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our liquidity position, our ability to generate cash from operations, growth in our businesses, our investments, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, our financial results, our purchase commitments, our contributions to our pension plans, the selection of discount rates and recognition of any gains or losses for our benefit plans, our cost-control activities, savings and headcount reduction recognized from our restructuring programs and other cost saving initiatives, and other regulatory approvals, the integration of our completed acquisitions and other transactions, our transition to lower-cost regions, the existence of political or economic instability, impacts of geopolitical tension and conflict in regions outside of the u.s., including the war between russia and ukraine and the risk of increased tensions between china and taiwan, the impacts of increased trade tension and tightening of export control regulations, the impact of compliance with the august 3, 2021 consent agreement with the directorate of defense trade controls, bureau of political-military affairs, department of state, the impact of new and ongoing litigation, inflationary pressures, continued impacts to the supply chain, impacts related to endemic and pandemic conditions, impacts related to net zero emissions commitments, the impact of volatile weather caused by environmental conditions such as climate change, increases in attrition and our ability to retain key personnel, and our estimated or anticipated future results of operations, which involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including but not limited to those risks and uncertainties discussed in part ii item 1a and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview and executive summary keysight technologies, inc. ("we," "us," "keysight" or the "company"), incorporated in delaware on december 6, 2013, is a technology company that helps enterprises, service providers and governments accelerate innovation to connect and secure the world by providing electronic design and test solutions that are used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacture, installation, optimization and secure operation of electronics systems in the communications, networking and electronics industries. we also offer customization, consulting and optimization services throughout the customer's product development lifecycle, including start-up assistance, asset management, up-time services, application services and instrument calibration and repair.
inflation, supply chain disruptions and the challenging geopolitical and macro-economic environment our global operations have been affected by many headwinds, including inflationary pressures, ongoing global supply chain disruptions, increased geopolitical tensions, including the war between russia and ukraine, increased trade restrictions, financial market volatility, currency movements, and the pandemic. these headwinds, specifically the supply chain disruptions, have adversely impacted our ability to procure certain components, which in some cases has impacted our ability to manufacture products, causing delays in delivery of our solutions to our customers and higher material procurement costs. we used a number of strategies to effectively navigate supply chain challenges, including product redesign, alternate sourcing, and increased supplier and customer engagement. these, along with the strength of our broad portfolio and global application of the keysight leadership model, enables us to deliver consistent value to our customers.
for discussion of risks related to potential impacts of supply chain, geopolitical and macro-economic challenges on our operations, business results and financial condition, see "item 1a. risk factors."
russia-ukraine war in february 2022, the u.s. imposed economic sanctions and other restrictions on russia following its invasion of ukraine. as a result, after an initial suspension of operations in russia, we permanently discontinued our russian operations and are exiting russia. our business in russia accounted for approximately 1 percent of total revenue for 2021. in 2022, we recorded pre-tax expenses of $13 million, including asset impairment charges of $7 million and other liquidation-related expenses, including employee severance related to our exit of russia.
orders of $5,984 million for 2022 increased 12 percent when compared to 2021. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 3 percentage points on order growth for 2022 as compared to 2021. orders grew across all regions, including double-digit growth in asia pacific. total orders for 2021 were $5,356 million, an increase of 18 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements and acquisitions each contributed 1 percentage point to the order growth for 2021 when compared to 2020. orders grew double-digits across all regions.
revenue of $5,420 million for 2022 increased 10 percent when compared to 2021. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 2 percentage points on revenue growth for 2022 as compared to 2021. revenue for both the communications solutions group and the electronic industrial solutions group grew as compared to 2021, driven by growth across all regions and markets. revenue from the communications solutions group and the electronic industrial solutions group represented approximately 70 percent and 30 percent, respectively, of total revenue for 2022. revenue of $4,941 million for 2021 increased 17 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements and acquisitions each contributed 1 percentage point to the revenue growth for 2021 as compared to 2020. revenue for both the communications solutions group and the electronic industrial solutions group grew as compared to 2020, driven by strong demand across all the regions and markets. revenue from the communications solutions group and the electronic industrial solutions group represented approximately 71 percent and 29 percent, respectively, of total revenue for 2021.
net income was $1,124 million in 2022 compared to net income of $894 million and $627 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in net income for 2022 when compared to 2021 was primarily driven by higher revenue volume, lower amortization of acquisition-related balances and lower variable people-related costs, partially offset by higher material costs and higher selling, general and administrative, r&d and income tax expenses. the increase in net income for 2021 when compared to 2020 was primarily driven by higher revenue volume, lower amortization of acquisition-related balances and lower income tax expense, partially offset by an increase in variable people-related costs, higher r&d investments, lower operating income due to a one-time prior-period gain related to an insurance settlement, a loss on a partial settlement of our netherlands defined benefit plan and the incremental costs of acquired businesses. in 2022, 2021 and 2020, we generated operating cash flows of $1,144 million, $1,322 million and $1,016 million, respectively.
outlook our first-to-market solutions strategy enables customers to develop new technologies and accelerate innovation and provides a platform for long-term growth. our customers are expected to continue to make r&d investments in certain next-generation technologies, such as 5g/6g, new mobility technologies, industrial internet of things ("iot") and defense modernization. in the midst of an uncertain economic environment, we continue to closely monitor the macro indicators related to inflation, trade, tariffs, monetary and fiscal policies, endemic and pandemic conditions, and the related global supply chain challenges, increased trade restrictions and increasing geopolitical tension in regions outside of the u.s., including the risk of increased tensions between china and taiwan. we remain confident in our long-term secular market growth trends and the strength of our operating model.
currency exchange rate exposure our revenues, costs and expenses, and monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our global operating and financing activities. we hedge revenues, expenses and balance sheet exposures that are not denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries on a short-term and anticipated basis. the result of the hedging has been included in our consolidated statement of operations. we experience some fluctuations within individual lines of the consolidated balance sheet and consolidated statement of operations because our hedging program is not designed to offset the currency movements in each category of revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities. our cash flow hedging program is designed to hedge short-term currency movements based on a rolling period of up to twelve months. therefore, we are exposed to currency fluctuations over the longer term. to the extent that we are required to pay for all, or portions, of an acquisition price in foreign currencies, we may enter into foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that currency movements will impact the u.s. dollar cost of the transaction.
a summary of our results is as follows:
% change             % change
percentage of revenue                               83   %                      82   %                      81   %                            1 ppt                1 ppt services and other                                $946                        $891                        $789                                   6%                  13%
percentage of revenue                               17   %                      18   %                      19   %                          (1) ppt              (1) ppt gross margin                                      63.7   %                    62.1   %                    60.0   %                           2 ppts               2 ppts products                                          63.9   %                    62.4   %                    60.0   %                           2 ppts               2 ppts services and other                                62.7   %                    60.7   %                    60.0   %                           2 ppts                1 ppt research and development                          $841                        $811                        $715                                   4%                  13%
percentage of revenue                               16   %                      16   %                      17   %                          (1) ppt              (1) ppt selling, general and administrative             $1,283                      $1,195                      $1,097                                   7%                   9%
percentage of revenue                               24   %                      24   %                      26   %                                -             (2) ppts other operating expense (income), net             $(8)                       $(17)                       $(44)                                (53)%                (61)%
operating margin                                  24.6   %                    21.9   %                    18.1   %                           3 ppts               4 ppts interest income                                    $16                          $3                         $11                                 676%                (81)%
revenue revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of the promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. returns are recorded in the period received from the customer and historically have not been material.
the following table provides the percent change in revenue for 2022 and 2021 by geographic region and the impact of foreign currency movements as compared to the respective prior year.
year over year % change
geographic region             actual                     currency impact favorable (unfavorable)                     actual                     currency impact favorable (unfavorable)
europe                           11%                                                    (5) ppts                        18%                                                      4 ppts asia pacific                      9%                                                    (4) ppts                        13%                                                       1 ppt total revenue                    10%                                                    (2) ppts                        17%                                                       1 ppt gross margin, operating margin and income before taxes gross margin increased 2 percentage points in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by lower amortization of acquisition-related balances, price increases, higher revenue volume and lower variable people-related costs, partially offset by higher material costs. gross margin increased 2 percentage points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by lower amortization of acquisition-related balances and higher revenue volume, partially offset by higher variable people-related costs.
research and development expense increased 4 percent in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by investments in key growth opportunities in our end markets and leading-edge technologies, as well as incremental costs of acquired businesses, partially offset by lower variable people-related costs. research and development expense increased 13 percent in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by greater investments in key growth opportunities in our end markets and leading-edge technologies, an increase in variable people-related costs and incremental costs of acquired businesses.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7 percent in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily driven by increased investment in sales resources, higher infrastructure-related, travel and marketing-related costs, as well as incremental costs of acquired businesses, partially offset by lower variable people-related costs. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 9 percent in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by increases in variable and other people-related costs, infrastructure-related costs, and incremental costs of acquired businesses, partially offset by reductions in travel and marketing-related costs due to covid-19 related disruptions.
other operating expense (income), net was income of $8 million, $17 million and $44 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the decrease in net other operating income in 2022 was primarily driven by asset impairment charges related to the discontinuance of our russia operations. other operating expense (income), net for 2020 includes a one-time gain of $32 million on an insurance settlement.
operating margin increased 3 percentage points in 2022 when compared to 2021, primarily driven by gross margin gains and lower operating expenses as a percentage of sales. operating margin increased 4 percentage points in 2021 when compared to 2020, primarily driven by gross margin gains and lower operating expenses as a percentage of sales.
other income (expense), net other income (expense), net for 2022, 2021 and 2020 was income of $14 million, $6 million and $63 million, respectively, and primarily includes net income related to our defined benefit and post-retirement benefit plans (interest cost, expected return on assets, amortization of net actuarial loss and prior service credits, and gains (losses) on settlements and curtailments) and the change in fair value of our equity investments. the increase in net other income for 2022 when compared to 2021 was primarily driven by $38 million lower amortization of net actuarial losses and a 2021 loss on a partial settlement of a non-u.s. pension plan, partially offset by a $31 million loss on our equity investments. the decrease in net other income for 2021 when compared to 2020 was driven by a $16 million loss on the partial settlement of our netherlands defined benefit plan and higher amortization of net actuarial losses. we also recognized gains from insurance proceeds of $9 million for the year ended october 31, 2020.
the effective tax rate was 13 percent, 11 percent, and 18 percent for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the tax rate in each of these years was lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the proportion of worldwide earnings that are taxed at lower statutory tax rates in non-u.s. jurisdictions, partially offset by u.s. tax imposed on earnings in non-u.s. jurisdictions.
the increase in the effective tax rate from 2021 to 2022 was due to nonrecurring tax benefits recorded in 2021, partially offset by a decrease in 2022 taxes from changes in tax reserves primarily due to audit settlement and from a relative decrease in u.s. tax due on non-u.s. earnings. the 2022 tax expense also includes a decrease in tax expense resulting from an out-of-period adjustment to tax reserves for fiscal years 2019 through 2021 related to the potential u.s. benefit associated with the future resolution of non-u.s. tax reserves. the 2022 decrease in tax expense was partially offset by an increase to tax expense resulting from an out-of-period adjustment related to corrections to the tax rate applied to non-us pension deferred tax balances. neither of these out-of-period adjustments were material individually or in the aggregate. the 2021 significant nonrecurring tax benefits include the release of valuation allowance on netherlands net operating losses in 2021 and a decrease due to the 2021 actual tax impact of acquired entity integration as compared to the estimate at acquisition based on the finalization of the integration plan. the decrease in the effective tax rate from 2020 to 2021 was due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of non-u.s. earnings, partially offset by an increase in u.s. taxes on non-u.s. earnings and the 2021 nonrecurring tax benefits described above.
keysight benefits from tax incentives in several jurisdictions, most significantly in singapore and malaysia, that will expire or require renewal at various times in the future. the tax incentives provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes of income and require thresholds of investments and employment in those jurisdictions. the singapore tax incentive is due for renewal in 2024, and the malaysia incentive is due for renewal in 2025. we are continuing to evaluate renewal options and the impact of potential outcomes on our effective tax rate. the impact of the tax incentives decreased income taxes by $81 million, $70 million and $53 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the increase in tax benefit from 2021 to 2022 is primarily due to a change in the jurisdictional mix of non-u.s. earnings, which increased the earnings taxed at incentive tax rates in 2022.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations. accrued interest and penalties are included on the related tax liability line in the consolidated balance sheet.
the open tax years for the u.s. federal income tax return and most state income tax returns are from november 1, 2017 through the current tax year. for the majority of our foreign entities, the open tax years are from november 1, 2017 through the current tax year. for certain foreign entities, the tax years remain open, at most, back to the year 2008.
keysight's fiscal year 2018 u.s. federal income tax return was under examination by the internal revenue service. the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") was enacted in december 2017 and imposed a one-time u.s. tax on foreign earnings not previously repatriated to the u.s., known as the transition tax, which was reported in keysight's fiscal year 2018 u.s. federal income tax return. as of june 2022, the fiscal year 2018 u.s. federal income tax audit was effectively settled with no material assessments and no additional cash taxes paid.
the company is being audited in malaysia for fiscal year 2008. this tax year predates our separation from agilent. however, pursuant to the agreement between agilent and keysight pertaining to tax matters, as finalized at the time of separation, for certain entities, including malaysia, any historical tax liability is the responsibility of keysight. in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017, keysight paid income taxes and penalties of $68 million on gains related to intellectual property rights. the company believes there are numerous defenses to the current assessment; the statute of limitations for the fiscal year 2008 in malaysia was closed, and the income in question is exempt from tax in malaysia. the company is disputing this assessment and pursuing all avenues to resolve this issue favorably for the company. our appeals to both the special commissioners of income tax and the high court in malaysia have been unsuccessful. we have filed a notice of appeal with the court of appeal, and a hearing is currently scheduled for 2023.
at this time, management does not believe that the outcome of any future or currently ongoing examination will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. we believe that we have an adequate provision for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. however, the outcome of tax examinations cannot be predicted with certainty. given the numerous tax years and matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, the ultimate resolution of current and future tax examinations could be inconsistent with management's current expectations. if that were to occur, it could have an impact on our effective tax rate in the period in which such examinations are resolved.
a provision enacted in the tcja requiring u.s. tax research and experimental expenditures to be capitalized and amortized over five years for research activities conducted in the u.s. and fifteen years for research activities conducted outside of the u.s. will be effective for keysight beginning november 1, 2022. if this provision is not deferred, the capitalization is expected to increase u.s. taxable income and increase the u.s. federal foreign-derived intangible income tax deduction. as keysight has elected to treat global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") as a period cost, the capitalization will also increase the provision for income taxes. on august 16, 2022, the u.s. government enacted the inflation reduction act of 2022 that includes changes to the u.s. corporate income tax system, including a fifteen percent minimum tax based on "adjusted financial statement income," which is effective for keysight beginning november 1, 2023 and a one percent excise tax on repurchases of stock after december 31, 2022. we are continuing to evaluate the impact of these changes in u.s. tax law, as well as its application to our business.
segment overview we have two reportable operating segments, the communications solutions group and the electronic industrial solutions group. the profitability of each of the segments is measured after excluding share-based compensation expense, amortization of acquisition-related balances, acquisition and integration costs, a 2020 gain on an insurance settlement related to northern california wildfires, restructuring costs, interest income, interest expense and other items.
communications solutions group the communications solutions group serves customers spanning the worldwide commercial communications and aerospace, defense, and government end markets. the group's solutions consist of electronic design and test software, electronic measurement instruments, systems and related services. these solutions are used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation, and optimization of electronic equipment and networks.
% change             % change
communications solutions group revenue for 2022 increased 8 percent when compared to 2021. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 2 percentage points on year-over-year revenue growth for 2022 as compared to 2021. revenue grew across all regions and in both the commercial communications and the aerospace, defense and government markets. investment continues to be strong to support new communications technologies like 5g, open radio access networks ("o-ran"), 400g, 800g, 1.6 terabit networks, high-speed digital applications, spectrum operations, cybersecurity, space and satellite solutions; however, on-going supply chain constraints limited shipments and moderated revenue growth in 2022. communications solutions group revenue for 2021 increased 12 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements and acquisitions each contributed 1 percentage point to revenue growth for 2021 when compared to 2020. revenue grew in both the aerospace, defense and government and the commercial communications markets. revenue grew across all regions driven by strength in the americas and europe.
revenue from the commercial communications market represented approximately 69 percent of total communications solutions group revenue in 2022 and increased 11 percent as compared to 2021. revenue grew across all regions, driven by strong market demand across the communications ecosystem. wireless 5g development and manufacturing of chipsets, components and devices, o-ran, and high-speed data solutions to support data centers and the cloud drove growth. revenue from the commercial communications market represented approximately 68 percent of total communications solutions group revenue in 2021 and increased 8 percent as compared to 2020, with growth in the americas and europe, partially offset by a decline in asia pacific. the 2021 revenue growth was driven by improved economic conditions across the communications ecosystem, partially offset by the impact of china trade restrictions.
revenue from the aerospace, defense and government market represented approximately 31 percent of total communications solutions group revenue in 2022 and increased 3 percent as compared to 2021. the growth in asia pacific and europe was partially offset by a decline in the americas. we continue to see investments in spectrum operations, cybersecurity, and satellites and space, as well as new commercial technologies like 5g and early 6g research applications. revenue from the aerospace, defense and government market represented approximately 32 percent of total communications solutions group revenue in 2021 and increased 23 percent as compared to 2020, with revenue growing across all regions. the strong revenue growth was driven by increased customer demand and continued investment in space, satellite, spectrum operations, and new commercial technologies like 5g and early 6g research applications.
gross margin and operating margin the following table provides communications solutions group margins, expenses and income from operations for 2022 versus 2021, and 2021 versus 2020.
% change             % change
operating margin              28.5   %                26.5   %                24.7   %               2 ppts               2 ppts
research and development                          $606      $589      $530          3%         11%
other operating expense (income), net            $(11)     $(12)      $(9)       (15)%         34%
gross margin for the communications solutions group in 2022 increased 1 percentage point as compared to 2021, primarily driven by price increases, higher revenue volume and lower variable people-related costs, partially offset by higher material costs. gross margin for the communications solutions group in 2021 was flat as compared to 2020, as gains driven by higher revenue volume were offset by higher variable people-related costs.
research and development expense in 2022 increased 3 percent when compared to 2021, primarily driven by investments in key growth opportunities in our end markets and leading-edge technologies, as well as incremental costs of acquired businesses, partially offset by lower variable people-related costs. research and development expense in 2021 increased 11 percent when compared to 2020, driven by greater investments in key growth opportunities in our end markets and leading-edge technologies, higher variable people-related costs, infrastructure-related costs and incremental costs of acquired businesses.
selling, general and administrative expense in 2022 increased 7 percent when compared to 2021, primarily driven by increased investment in sales resources, higher infrastructure-related, marketing and travel-related costs, as well as incremental costs of acquired businesses, partially offset by lower variable people-related costs. selling, general and administrative expense in 2021 increased 6 percent when compared to 2020, primarily driven by higher infrastructure-related, selling and variable people-related costs.
other operating expense (income), net, primarily includes property rental income and was income of $11 million in 2022, $12 million in 2021 and $9 million in 2020.
income from operations income from operations for 2022 increased $153 million on a corresponding revenue increase of $280 million. income from operations for 2021 increased $159 million on a corresponding revenue increase of $391 million.
operating margin in 2022 increased 2 percentage points when compared to 2021, driven by gross margin gains and lower operating expenses as a percentage of sales. operating margin in 2021 increased 2 percentage points when compared to 2020, driven by gross margin gains from higher revenue volume and lower operating expenses as a percentage of sales.
electronic industrial solutions group the electronic industrial solutions group provides test and measurement solutions and related services across a broad set of electronic industrial end markets, focusing on high-value applications in the automotive and energy industries and measurement solutions for consumer electronics, education, general electronics design and manufacturing, and semiconductor design and manufacturing. the group provides electronic measurement instruments, design and test software and systems, and related services used in the simulation, design, validation, manufacturing, installation and optimization of electronic equipment, as well as automated test software that uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to automate test creation and test execution.
% change             % change
electronic industrial solutions group revenue for 2022 increased 14 percent when compared to 2021. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of 3 percentage points on year-over-year revenue growth for 2022 as compared to 2021. the revenue increase was driven by continued investments in next-generation automotive and energy technologies, semiconductor measurement solutions, and industrial iot. revenue grew across all regions for 2022 as compared to 2021.
electronic industrial solutions group revenue for 2021 increased 30 percent when compared to 2020. foreign currency movements had a favorable impact of 1 percentage point on revenue. revenue associated with acquisitions contributed 2 percentage points to revenue growth for 2021 when compared to 2020. the revenue increase was driven by growth in semiconductor measurement solutions, general electronics measurement and automotive and energy, led by ongoing investments in advanced semiconductor technology nodes, ev and av technologies and capacity expansions to address demand. revenue grew across all regions for 2021 as compared to 2020.
gross margin and operating margin the following table provides electronic industrial solutions group margins, expenses and income from operations for 2022 versus 2021, and 2021 versus 2020.
% change             % change
total gross margin            61.5   %                64.2   %                62.7   %             (3) ppts               2 ppts operating margin              31.0   %                31.3   %                27.1   %                    -               4 ppts
research and development                        $207      $199      $167          4%         20%
other operating expense (income), net           $(4)      $(5)      $(4)       (17)%         20%
gross margin in 2022 decreased 3 percentage points as compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher material costs, partially offset by higher revenue volume and price increases. gross margin in 2021 increased 2 percentage points as compared to 2020, primarily driven by higher revenue volume and favorable mix.
research and development expense in 2022 increased 4 percent when compared to 2021, primarily driven by greater investments in key growth opportunities in our end markets and leading-edge technologies, partially offset by lower variable people-related costs. research and development expense in 2021 increased 20 percent when compared to 2020, primarily driven by greater investments in key growth opportunities in our end markets and leading-edge technologies, incremental costs of an acquired business, and higher variable people-related costs.
selling, general and administrative expense in 2022 increased 6 percent when compared to 2021, primarily driven by higher infrastructure-related, marketing and travel-related costs, partially offset by lower variable people-related costs. selling, general and administrative expense in 2021 increased 21 percent when compared to 2020, primarily due to incremental costs of an acquired business, higher selling costs, higher infrastructure-related costs and variable people-related costs.
other operating expense (income), net primarily includes property rental income and was income of $4 million, $5 million and $4 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
income from operations income from operations for 2022 increased $57 million on a corresponding revenue increase of $199 million. income from operations for 2021 increased $148 million on a corresponding revenue increase of $329 million.
operating margin in 2022 was flat when compared to 2021, primarily driven by lower operating expenses as a percentage of sales, partially offset by gross margin declines. operating margin increased 4 percentage points in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily driven by gross margin gains from higher revenue volume and favorable mix and lower operating expenses as a percentage of sales.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of our business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. our cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. under certain circumstances, local government regulations may limit our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs. we do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout our global organization.
overview of cash flows our key cash flow activities were as follows:
net cash provided by operating activities       $1,144                      $1,322                      $1,016
operating activities cash flows from operating activities can fluctuate significantly from period to period as working capital needs, the timing of payments for income taxes, variable pay, pension funding, and other items impact reported cash flows.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $178 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 and increased $306 million in 2021 as compared to 2020.
•    net income in 2022 increased $230 million as compared to 2021. non-cash adjustments to net income were higher by $32 million, primarily due to a $60 million decrease in deferred tax benefits, a $31 million unrealized loss on investment in equity securities, a $22 million increase in share-based compensation expense and a $7 million impairment of assets, partially offset by a $70 million decrease in amortization, a $16 million lower pension settlement loss and a $2 million decrease from other miscellaneous non-cash activities.
net income in 2021 increased $267 million as compared to 2020. non-cash adjustments to net income were lower by $54 million, primarily due to a $94 million increase in deferred tax benefits and a $46 million decrease in amortization, partially offset by a one-time prior-period gain of $32 million related to an insurance recovery of property, plant and equipment reflected as cash from investing activity, a $16 million loss on a partial settlement of our netherlands defined benefit plan, a $13 million increase in depreciation, a $11 million increase in share-based compensation expense, and a $14 million increase from other miscellaneous non-cash activities.
•    the aggregate of accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable used net cash of $273 million during 2022, compared to net cash used of $112 million in 2021 and $31 million in 2020. the increase in aggregate net cash used in 2022 is primarily driven by higher revenue volume, net of collections, and an increase in inventory due to higher material procurement costs and incremental stock build-up to secure supply. the amount of cash flow generated from or used by the aggregate of accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable depends on the cash conversion cycle, which represents the number of days that elapse from the day we pay for the purchase of raw materials and components to the collection of cash from our customers and can be significantly impacted by the timing of shipments and purchases, as well as collections and payments in a period.
•net cash used for retirement and post-retirement benefits was $19 million in 2022, compared to net cash provided of $7 million in 2021 and net cash used of $108 million in 2020. the company's contributions to our u.s. defined benefit plan were zero, zero and $100 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the company's contributions to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans were $7 million, $8 million and $10 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. we did not contribute to the keysight technologies, inc. health plan for retirees ("u.s. post-retirement benefit plan") in 2022, 2021 and 2020.
•the aggregate other movements in assets and liabilities used net cash of $112 million during 2022, compared to net cash provided of $141 million in 2021 and $82 million in 2020. the difference between 2022 and 2021 cash flows is primarily due to higher prepaid inventory deposits driven by supply chain constraints, higher income tax payments, net of accruals, higher variable compensation and other payroll-related payments, net of accruals, higher prepaid expenses, and changes in deferred revenue. the difference between 2021 and 2020 cash flows is primarily due to higher variable compensation accruals, net of payments, and higher cash inflow from deferred revenue, partially offset by an increase in prepaid current assets as compared to the same period last year.
investing activities net cash changes in investing activities primarily relates to investments in property, plant and equipment and acquisitions of businesses to support our growth.
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $102 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 and decreased by $89 million in 2021 as compared to 2020. investments in property, plant and equipment increased $11 million as compared to 2021 and increased $57 million in 2021 as compared to 2020. the increase in capital spending in 2022 was driven by capital investments to increase the resiliency of our supply chains.
in 2022, we used $251 million for investing activities, including $185 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment; $33 million, net of cash acquired, for acquisition activities; and $33 million for investments, including $30 million for purchase of an equity investment.
in 2021, we used $353 million for investing activities, including $174 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment; $102 million, net of $11 million of cash acquired, for the acquisition of sanjole inc.; and $76 million, net of cash acquired, for other acquisition activities.
in 2020, we used $442 million for investing activities, including $117 million for purchases of property, plant and equipment; $319 million, net of $11 million of cash acquired, for the acquisition of eggplant topco limited ("eggplant") and $38 million, net of cash acquired, for other acquisition activities; partially offset by receipt of insurance proceeds of $32 million for property, plant and equipment damaged in the 2017 northern california wildfires.
financing activities net cash changes in financing activities primarily relate to proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans, tax payments related to net share settlement of equity awards and treasury stock repurchases.
in 2022, we used $861 million for financing activities, including $849 million of treasury stock repurchases and $74 million of tax payments related to net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by $63 million of proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans.
in 2021, we used $671 million for financing activities, including $673 million of treasury stock repurchases and $53 million of tax payments related to net share settlement of equity awards, partially offset by $59 million of proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans.
in 2020, we used $413 million for financing activities, including $411 million of treasury stock repurchases and $53 million of tax payments related to net share settlement of equity awards and $7 million of payments on short-term debt, partially offset by $58 million of proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock plans.
treasury stock repurchases on november 18, 2021, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $1,200 million of the company's common stock, replacing the previously approved november 2020 program, under which $77 million remained. the stock repurchase program may be commenced, suspended or discontinued at any time at the company's discretion and does not have an expiration date. see "issuer purchases of equity securities" under part ii item 2 for additional information.
on july 30, 2021, we entered into a new credit agreement that amended and restated our existing credit agreement dated february 15, 2017 in its entirety, and provides for a $750 million five-year unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") that will expire on july 30, 2026 and bears interest at an annual rate of libor + 1 percent along with a facility fee of 0.125 percent per annum. in addition, the new credit agreement permits the company, subject to certain customary conditions, on one or more occasions to request to increase the total commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to $250 million in the aggregate. we may use amounts borrowed under the facility for general corporate purposes. as of october 31, 2022 and october 31, 2021, we had no borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility. we were in compliance with the covenants of the revolving credit facility during the year ended october 31, 2022. see note 11, "debt" for additional information.
our cash and cash equivalents mainly consist of investments in institutional money market funds, short-term deposits held at major global financial institutions and similar short duration instruments with original maturities of three months or less. we continuously monitor the creditworthiness of the financial institutions and money market fund asset managers with whom we invest our funds. we utilize a variety of funding strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. most significant international locations have access to internal funding through an offshore cash pool for working capital needs. in addition, a few locations that are unable to access internal funding have access to temporary local overdraft and short-term working capital lines of credit.
cash requirements we have cash requirements to support working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. we generally intend to use available cash and funds generated from our operations to meet these cash requirements, but in the event that additional liquidity is required, we may also borrow under our revolving credit facility.
the following table summarizes our short and long-term cash requirements as of october 31, 2022:
operating lease commitments                                                251                         45                               206
senior notes obligations and interest payments on senior notes. we have contractual obligations for principal and interest payments on our senior notes. see note 11, "debt" for additional information.
operating lease commitments. commitments under operating leases primarily relates to leasehold properties. see note 10, "leases" for additional information.
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers. we purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. see note 14, "commitments and contingencies." as of october 31, 2022, we had non-cancellable purchase commitments that aggregated to approximately $553 million, of which the majority is for less than one year.
other purchase commitments. other purchase commitments relate to contracts with professional services suppliers. see note 14, "commitments and contingencies."
other liabilities. other liabilities primarily includes contract liabilities, net pensions and post-retirement benefit obligations, employee compensation and benefits, net tax liabilities, standard warranties and other accrued liabilities. the timing of cash flows associated with these obligations is based upon management's estimates over the terms of these arrangements and is largely based upon historical experience.
of the tax liabilities included in the above table, $59 million relates to a u.s. transition tax liability and $136 million for uncertain tax positions. the remaining u.s. transition tax liability, which keysight originally elected to pay over 8 years, is payable over the next 4 years and relates to a one-time u.s. tax on those earnings that had not been previously repatriated to the u.s. with regard to the $136 million of long-term liabilities for uncertain tax positions, we are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. we believe that we have an adequate provision for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. however, the outcome of tax examinations cannot be predicted with certainty. given the numerous tax years and matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, the ultimate resolution of current and future tax examinations could be inconsistent with management's current expectations. see note 5 "income taxes" for additional information.
in addition to the obligations noted above, as of october 31, 2022 we had $38 million of outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds unrelated to the credit facility that were issued by various lenders.
for the next twelve months, we do not expect to contribute to our u.s. defined benefit plan and u.s. post-retirement benefit plan, and we expect to contribute $11 million to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans. the ultimate amounts we will contribute depend upon, among other things, legal requirements, underlying asset returns, the plan's funded status, the anticipated tax deductibility of the contribution, local practices, market conditions, interest rates and other factors. see note 12, "retirements plans and post-retirements benefits."
additionally, we expect capital spending to be approximately $250 million in 2023, with greater investments in capacity expansion and technology investments.
as of october 31, 2022, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and our ability to access capital markets and credit lines will satisfy our cash needs for the foreseeable future both globally and domestically.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. we are not aware of any specific event or circumstance that would require an update to our estimates or judgments or a revision of the carrying value of our assets or liabilities as of october 31, 2022. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, share-based compensation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, warranty, loss contingencies, restructuring and accounting for income taxes.
revenue recognition. revenue is recognized upon transfer of control of the promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. we primarily generate revenue from the sale of products (hardware and/or software), services, or a combination thereof. we enter into contracts that may involve multiple performance obligations, and we allocate the transaction price between each performance obligation on the basis of relative standalone selling price ("ssp"). we recognize revenue following the five-step model.
1.identify the contract with a customer: generally, we consider customer purchase orders, which in some cases are governed by master sales or other purchase agreements, to be the customer contract. all of the following criteria must be met before we consider an agreement to qualify as a contract with a customer under the revenue standard: (i) it must be approved by all parties; (ii) each party's rights regarding the goods and services to be transferred can be identified; (iii) the payment terms for the goods and services can be identified; (iv) the agreement has commercial substance; and, (v) the customer has the ability and intent to pay and collection of substantially all of the consideration is probable. we exercise reasonable judgment to determine the customer's ability and intent to pay, which is based upon various factors including the customer's historical payment experience or credit and financial information and credit risk management measures that we implement.
2.identify the performance obligations in the contract: we assess whether each promised good or service is distinct for the purpose of identifying the various performance obligations in each contract. promised goods and services are considered distinct provided that: (i) the customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer; and, (ii) our promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable or distinct from other promises in the contract.
3.determine the transaction price: transaction price reflects the amount of consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services. our contracts may include terms that could cause variability in the transaction price including rebates, rights of return, trade-in credits, and discounts. variable consideration is generally accounted for at the portfolio level and estimated based on historical information.
4.allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract: if the contract contains a single performance obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to that performance obligation. many of our contracts include multiple performance obligations with a combination of distinct products and services, maintenance and support, professional services and/or training. for contracts with multiple performance obligations, we allocate the total transaction value to each distinct performance obligation based on relative ssp. judgment is required to determine the ssp for each distinct performance obligation. the best evidence of ssp is the observable price of a good or service when we sell that good or service separately under similar circumstances to similar customers. since most contracts contain multiple performance obligations, we use information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs to estimate ssp when we don't have standalone transactions.
5.recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied: revenue is recognized at the point in time control is transferred to the customer. for hardware sales, transfer of control to the customer typically occurs at the point the product is shipped or delivered to the customer's designated location. for software license sales transfer of control to the customer typically occurs upon shipment, electronic delivery, or when the software is available for download by the customer. for sales of implementation service and custom solutions or in instances where products are sold along with essential installation services, transfer of control occurs and revenue is typically recognized upon customer acceptance. for fixed-price support and extended warranty contracts, or certain software arrangements that provide customers with a right to access over a discrete period, control is deemed to transfer over time and revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the contract term due to the stand-ready nature of the performance obligation. revenue from hardware repairs and calibration services outside of an extended warranty or support contract is recognized at the time of completion of the related service. for other professional services or time-based labor contracts, revenue is recognized as we perform the services and the customers receive and/or consume the benefits.
inventory valuation. we assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based upon estimates about future demand and actual usage. such estimates are difficult to make under most economic conditions. the excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing and sales to maximize recovery of excess inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable than anticipated, inventory previously written down may be sold to customers, resulting in lower cost of sales and higher income from operations than expected in that period.
share-based compensation. we account for share-based awards in accordance with the provisions of the authoritative accounting guidance, which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to our employees and directors. awards granted under the keysight technologies, inc. long-term performance ("ltp") program are based on a variety of targets, such as total shareholder return ("tsr") or financial metrics such as operating margin. the awards based on tsr were valued using a monte carlo simulation model and those based on financial metrics were valued based on the market price of keysight's common stock on the date of grant. the compensation cost for financial metrics-based performance awards reflect the cost of awards that are probable to vest at the end of the performance period. the monte carlo simulation fair value model requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, including the price volatility of the underlying stock. for additional information on valuation assumptions, see note 4, "share-based compensation." the estimated fair value of restricted stock awards is determined based on the market price of keysight's common stock on the date of grant. we did not grant any option awards in 2022, 2021 and 2020.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions. retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. defined benefit plan obligations are remeasured at least annually as of october 31, based on the present value of future benefit payments to reflect the future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to keysight based on the terms of the plans. to estimate the present value of these future payments, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of gaap. the discount rate is a critical assumption. other important assumptions include expected long-term return on plan assets, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates and investment portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually. see note 12, "retirement plans and post-retirement benefit plans."
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date, which is october 31 for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans. the u.s. discount rates as of october 31, 2022 and 2021 were determined based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. the non-u.s. discount rates as of october 31, 2022 and 2021 were determined using spot rates along the yield curve to calculate disaggregated discount rates. in addition, we used this method to calculate two components of the periodic benefit cost: service cost and interest cost. if we changed our discount rate by 1 percent, the impact would be $7 million on u.s. net periodic benefit cost and $8 million on non-u.s. net periodic benefit cost. lower discount rates increase the present value of the liability and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease the present value of the liability and subsequent year pension expense.
the company uses alternate methods of amortization, as allowed by the authoritative guidance, that amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. for u.s. plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future working lifetime. for most non-u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses. the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. if we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be $10 million on u.s. net periodic benefit cost and $11 million on non-u.s. net periodic benefit cost.
goodwill and other intangible assets. we review goodwill for impairment annually during our fourth fiscal quarter and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. as defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. at the time of an acquisition, we assign goodwill to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.
companies have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether performing a quantitative test is necessary. if an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. otherwise, no further testing will be required.
the quantitative impairment test involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. we determine the fair value of a reporting unit using the results derived using the market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income approach, or a combination of both. if multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted accordingly. the income approach is estimated through the discounted cash flow ("dcf") analysis. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgment, including judgments about appropriate discount rates, revenue growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. discount rates are based on a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc"), which represents the average rate a business must pay its providers of debt and equity, plus a risk premium. the wacc used to test goodwill is derived from a group of comparable companies. the cash flows employed in the dcf analysis are derived from internal forecasts and external market forecasts. the market approach estimates the fair value of the reporting unit by utilizing the market comparable method, which is based on revenue and earnings multiples from comparable companies. if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired. if the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then an impairment charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value up to a maximum amount of the goodwill balance for the reporting unit.
during the fourth quarter of 2022, we performed our annual impairment test of goodwill for all our reporting units using a qualitative approach. based on the results of our qualitative testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit is greater than its respective carrying value.
other intangible assets consist primarily of developed technologies, proprietary know-how, trademarks, customer relationships, non-compete agreements, and backlog and are amortized using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives ranging from 6 months to 12 years. we review other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. we performed an impairment test of eggplant's long-lived assets in 2021, which preceded the quantitative test of goodwill in accordance with the guidance, and concluded that no impairment charge was required. no impairments of purchased intangible assets were recorded during the years ended october 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.
we review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be fully recoverable or that the useful lives of these assets are no longer appropriate. the authoritative accounting guidance allows a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the impairment testing guidance for goodwill. it allows the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. the qualitative factors assist in determining whether it is more-likely-than-not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. an organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to calculating its fair value. our indefinite-lived intangible assets are in-process research and development ("ipr&d") intangible assets. in 2022, 2021 and 2020, we assessed impairment by performing a qualitative test. no material impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets were recorded in 2022, 2021 and 2020.
warranty. keysight warranties on products sold through direct sales channels are primarily for one year. warranties for products sold through distribution channels are primarily for three years. we accrue for standard warranty costs based on historical trends in warranty charges. the accrual is reviewed regularly and periodically adjusted to reflect changes in warranty cost estimates. estimated warranty charges are recorded within cost of products at the time related product revenue is recognized.
loss contingencies. as discussed in note 13 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, we are, from time to time, subject to a variety of litigation and similar contingent liabilities incidental to our business (or the business operations of previously owned entities). we recognize a liability for any contingency that is known or probable of occurrence and reasonably estimable. these assessments require judgments concerning matters such as litigation developments and outcomes, the anticipated outcome of negotiations, the number of future claims and the cost of both pending and future claims. in addition, because most contingencies are resolved over long periods of time, liabilities may change in the future due to various factors. changes in these factors could materially impact our financial position or our results of operation.
restructuring. the main component of our restructuring plan is related to workforce reductions and site restructuring. workforce reduction charges are accrued when payment of benefits becomes probable and the amounts can be estimated. if the amounts and timing of cash flows from restructuring activities are significantly different from what we have estimated, the actual amount of restructuring and other related charges could be materially different, either higher or lower, than those we have recorded.
accounting for income taxes. we must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax benefits, credits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities that arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
significant management judgment is also required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of specific deferred tax assets such as net operating losses or foreign tax credit carryforwards will not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established for the amount of the deferred tax assets that cannot be realized. we consider all available positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. we consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of losses in recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. at october 31, 2022, the company maintains a valuation allowance mainly related to net operating losses in luxembourg and the u.k., capital losses in the u.k., and california research credits. we intend to maintain a valuation allowance in these jurisdictions until sufficient positive evidence exists to support their reversal.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of operations.
new accounting standards see note 1, "overview and summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements.