business segments in september 2022, we announced a new organizational structure which aligns our businesses more closely with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. the new corporate structure includes three business segments: market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime. all prior periods have been restated to conform to the current period presentation. see note 1, "organization and nature of operations," and note 19, "business segments," to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our reportable segments and geographic data, as well as how management allocates resources, assesses performance and manages these businesses as three separate segments. see "part i, item 1. business" for additional discussion on recent developments and highlights.
in september 2022, we announced a new organizational structure which aligns our businesses more closely with the foundational shifts that are driving the evolution of the global financial system. our four previous reportable segments, market services, corporate platforms, investment intelligence and market technology have been changed to align with our new corporate structure that includes three segments: market platforms, capital access platforms and anti-financial crime. under asc 350-20, "intangibles goodwill and other," when a company reorganizes its reporting structure, an impairment test must be performed both before and after the change, and goodwill must be reassigned to reporting units. accordingly, goodwill was reassigned based on relative fair value of each reporting unit.
we perform our goodwill impairment test at the reporting unit level. for 2022, we performed the goodwill impairment test under our previous organizational structure: market services segment, the two businesses comprising the corporate platforms segment: listing services and corporate solutions, the investment intelligence segment, and the market technology segment, which represented our five reporting units. we also performed the test under our current organization structure, which includes three reporting units: market platforms segment, capital access platforms segment and anti-financial crime segment.