item 1a. risk factors we face a wide range of risks, and our continued success depends on our ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage our enterprise risk exposures. readers should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this form 10-k. these risks and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this document or made by the company elsewhere, such as in earnings release webcasts, investor conference presentations or press releases. the risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, there could be a material impact on the company.
difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on our investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm our business.
our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally, including in our two primary operating markets of the united states and japan. weak global financial markets impact the value of our existing investment portfolio, influence opportunities for new investments, and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on our operating activities.
in recent years, global capital markets have been severely impacted by several major events. the financial crisis that began in the latter part of 2008 saw dramatic declines in investment values and weak economic conditions as the global financial system came under extreme pressure. although u.s. markets began recovering in late 2009 and 2010, europe continued to struggle under a severely weakened banking system and investor concerns with sovereign debt levels. following a period of unprecedented intervention by governments and central banks, including the u.s. federal reserve and european central bank (ecb), financial conditions improved from the dire conditions of the global financial crisis, global recession, and european debt crisis. recently, global markets have experienced materially higher levels of market volatility due to concerns including changes in the market's perception of global growth, additional ecb intervention, a british exit from the european union (eu) (brexit), uncertainty surrounding japan's continued recovery amidst assorted policy changes, significant declines in global commodity prices including oil, divergent monetary policies in the united states versus many other developed economies, a newly elected u.s. president, and heightened concerns surrounding the chinese economy.
as we hold a significant amount of fixed maturity and perpetual securities issued by borrowers located in many different parts of the world, including a large portion issued by banks and financial institutions, sovereigns, and other corporate borrowers in the united states and europe, our financial results are directly influenced by global financial markets. a retrenchment of the recent improvements in overall capital market health could adversely affect our financial condition, including our capital position and our overall profitability. market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades.
following the election of shinzo abe as prime minister of japan in december 2012, the new administration adopted a new set of financial measures to stimulate the japanese economy, including imposing negative interest rates on excess bank reserves. in a december 2014 snap-election, the ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) won a landslide victory, further strengthening mr. abe's ability to implement economic reform and address key policy challenges. the japanese financial markets reacted with even lower rates on japanese government bonds, large increases in japanese equity market values, and a weakening of the yen relative to the u.s. dollar. more recently, as the bank of japan (boj) has signaled to hold its policy rate at zero, the japan government bond (jgb) yield curve has steepened producing higher rates on longer maturity japanese government bonds.
japan is the largest market for our products and we own substantial holdings in jgbs. government actions to stimulate the economy affect the value of our existing holdings, our reinvestment rate on new investments in jgbs or other yen denominated assets, and consumer behavior relative to our suite of products. the additional government debt from fiscal stimulus actions could contribute to a weakening of the japan sovereign credit profile and result in further rating downgrades at the credit rating agencies. this could lead to additional volatility in japanese capital and currency markets.
13
our investment portfolio owns sizeable credit positions in many other geographic areas of the world including the middle east, latin america, asia, and other emerging markets. deterioration in their underlying economies, sovereign credit worthiness, or financial market conditions could negatively impact our financial position.
while we have continued to add floating rate investments to our investment portfolio, most of our investment portfolio holdings are income-producing bonds that provide a fixed level of income. many of our investments were made at the relatively low level of interest rates prevailing the last several years. any increase in the market yields of our holdings due to an increase in interest rates could create substantial unrealized losses in our portfolio, as discussed further in a separate risk factor in this section of the form 10-k.
we need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, dividends on our common stock, interest on our debt and liabilities. for a further description of our liquidity needs, including maturing indebtedness, see item 7 of this form 10-k - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - capital resources and liquidity. in the event our current resources do not meet our needs, we may need to seek additional financing. our access to additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry and our credit rating.
should investors become concerned with any of our investment holdings, including the concentration in jgbs, our access to market sources of funding could be negatively impacted. there is a possibility that lenders or debt investors may also become concerned if we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn or there are further adverse economic trends in the united states or japan, specifically, or generally in developed markets. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. see more information on recent rating actions later in this risk factors section.
broad economic factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, indirectly, the amount and profitability of our business. in an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. this adverse effect could be particularly significant for companies such as ours that distribute supplemental, discretionary insurance products primarily through the worksite in the event that economic conditions result in a decrease in the number of new hires and total employees. adverse changes in the economy could potentially lead our customers to be less inclined to purchase supplemental insurance coverage or to decide to cancel or modify existing insurance coverage, which could adversely affect our premium revenue, results of operations and financial condition. we are unable to predict the course of the current recoveries in global financial markets or the recurrence, duration or severity of disruptions in such markets.
we are exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we have substantial investment portfolios that support our policy liabilities. low levels of interest rates on investments, such as those recently experienced in japan and the united states, have reduced the level of investment income earned by the company. our overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted in a persistent low-interest-rate environment. while we generally seek to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports, we may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of our assets relative to our liabilities. our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the ability to invest future cash flows to support the interest rate assumption made at the time our products were priced and the related reserving assumptions were established. a sustained decline in interest rates could hinder our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our products at the time they were sold and issued. due to low interest rates, our ability to earn the returns we expect may also influence our ability to develop and price attractive new products and could impact our overall sales levels. our first sector products are more interest rate sensitive than third sector products. the recent negative interest rate imposed by the bank of japan on excess bank reserves could have a negative impact on the distribution and pricing of these products.
a rise in interest rates could improve our ability to earn higher rates of return on future investments, as well as floating rate investments held in our investment portfolio. however, an increase in the differential of short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would increase the cost of hedging a portion of the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in the aflac japan segment into yen, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
14
changes in interest rates have a direct impact on the fair values of fixed securities in our investment portfolio; however, they do not have a direct impact on the related valuation of the corresponding liabilities. prolonged periods of low interest rates, as have been experienced in recent years, heighten the risk of future increases in interest rates because an increasing proportion of our investment portfolio includes investments that bear lower rates of return than the embedded book yield of the investment portfolio. a rise in interest rates could decrease the fair value of our debt and perpetual securities. some of the insurance products that aflac sells in the united states and japan provide cash surrender values. a rise in interest rates could trigger significant policy lapsation which might require the company to sell investment assets and recognize unrealized losses. this situation is commonly referred to as disintermediation risk. we generally invest our assets to match the duration and cash flow characteristics of our policy liabilities, and therefore would not expect to realize most of these gains or losses, however, our risk is that unforeseen events or economic conditions, such as changes in interest rates resulting from governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, and other factors beyond our control will reduce the effectiveness of this strategy. these events or economic conditions could either cause us to dispose of some or all of these investments prior to their maturity, or increase the risk that the issuers of these securities may default or may require impairment, which could result in our having to recognize such gains or losses.
rising interest rates also negatively impact the smr since unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investment portfolio factor into the ratio. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
further, interest rate risk is still an inherent portfolio, business and capital risk for us, and significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, changes in unrealized positions, and liquidity.
for more information regarding interest rate risk, see the interest rate risk subsection within the market risks of financial instruments section of md&a in this report.
our concentration of business in japan poses risks to our operations.
our operations in japan, including realized gains and losses on aflac japan's investment portfolio, accounted for 71% of our total revenues for 2016, compared with 70% in 2015 and 72% in 2014. the japanese operations accounted for 83% of our total assets at both december 31, 2016 and 2015.
further, because of the concentration of our business in japan and our need for long-dated yen-denominated assets, we have a substantial concentration of jgbs in our investment portfolio. as such we have material exposure to the japanese economy, geo-political climate, political regime, and other factors that generally determine a country's creditworthiness. specifically, the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (nrsros, or "rating agencies"), credit rating agencies registered with the sec, have placed increased scrutiny on jgbs, which are a significant component of the company's overall investment portfolio, resulting in downgrades as discussed later in this risk factors section. the naic is also considering changes to investment risk factors. any negative developments by the nrsros or naic in these areas could result in increased capital requirements for the company.
we seek to match the investment currency and interest rate risk to our yen liabilities. the low level of interest rates available on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on our overall net investment income. a large portion of the cash available for reinvestment each year is deployed in yen-denominated instruments and subject to the low level of yen interest rates.
any potential deterioration in japan's credit quality, market access, the overall economy of japan, or japanese market volatility could adversely impact the business of aflac in general and specifically aflac japan and our related results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
due to the size of aflac japan, where our functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported financial position and results of operations. aflac japan's premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. claims and most expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to
15
support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported financial position and results of operations. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported. any unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. as a result, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current year results in relation to the prior year, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current year results in relation to the prior year. in addition, the weakening of the yen relative to the dollar will generally adversely affect the value of our yen-denominated investments in dollar terms. foreign currency translation also impacts the computation of our risk-based capital ratio because aflac japan is consolidated in our u.s. statutory filings due to its status as a branch. our required capital, as determined by the application of risk factors to our assets and liabilities, is proportionately more sensitive to changes in the exchange rate than our total adjusted capital. as a result, when the yen strengthens relative to the dollar, our rbc and smr is suppressed. we engage in certain foreign currency hedging activities for the purpose of hedging the yen exposure to our net investment in our branch operations in japan. these hedging activities are limited in scope and we cannot provide assurance that these activities will be effective.
aflac japan is exposed to further foreign exchange risk through its investment in unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities. when the yen strengthens, the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments will experience unrealized foreign exchange losses, negatively impacting smr. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate and could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
additionally, we are exposed to economic currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into dollars, resulting in an increase or decrease in our earnings when exchange gains or losses are realized. this primarily occurs when we repatriate funds from aflac japan to aflac u.s., but it also has an impact when yen cash is converted to u.s. dollars for investment into u.s. dollar-denominated assets (as described above). the exchange rates prevailing at the time of repatriation may differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. we engage in foreign currency hedging activities to mitigate the exposure to this foreign exchange risk.
for more information regarding foreign currency risk, see the currency risk subsection within the market risks of financial instruments section of md&a in this report.
failure to execute or implement the conversion of the japan branch to a legal subsidiary could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial position.
the implementation of the japan branch conversion to a legal subsidiary is a complex undertaking and involves a number of risks, including additional costs, information technology-related delays and problems, personnel loss, regulatory law changes, legal and regulatory requirements, changes to our operations, and management distraction. many aspects of these transactions are subject to regulatory approvals from a number of different jurisdictions. we may not obtain needed regulatory approvals in the timeframe anticipated or at all, which could delay or prevent us from realizing the anticipated benefits of this transaction. changes to regulatory laws before the completion of the transaction could result in significant costs or reduction in capital. the transaction or the related regulatory approvals may entail modifications of certain aspects of our operations, which could result in additional costs or reduce net earnings. any of these risks, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
we attempt to match both the duration and currency of our assets with our liabilities. this is very difficult for aflac japan due to the lack of available long-dated yen-denominated fixed income instruments.
prior to the financial crisis of 2008, the company was focused on investing cash flows in jgbs, which had relatively low yields, and utilizing private placement and perpetual securities to gain additional yield, extend the duration of the investment portfolio, and maintain yen exposure. given call activity, with respect to certain of the company's legacy private placement investments, the company has recently added a modest amount of yen-denominated private placements to its investment portfolio. the investment in private placements and legacy perpetual securities carries risk associated with illiquidity, which is managed and monitored by the company.
16
starting in 2012, aflac japan augmented its investment strategy to include u.s. dollar-denominated investments which could then be hedged back to yen. initially this program focused on public investment-grade bonds but has evolved over time to include u.s. dollar-denominated investment-grade commercial mortgage loans and infrastructure debt, high yield bonds, loan receivables and u.s. equity securities. as of december 31, 2016, aflac japan held approximately $22.4 billion in u.s. dollar-denominated investments, at amortized cost, and approximately $16.0 billion of notional in foreign currency forwards and options to hedge principal currency risk. we plan to continue adding other instruments denominated in u.s. dollars, including floating rate investments, to improve the portfolio diversification and/or return profile. some of the u.s. dollar-denominated asset classes that we anticipate adding have less liquidity than investment-grade corporate bonds. these strategies will continue to increase our exposure to u.s. interest rates, credit spreads and other risks. we have increased foreign exchange risk exposure as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. these risks can significantly impact the company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, our financial results would be adversely affected.
we establish and carry, as a liability, reserves based on estimates of how much will be required to pay for future benefits and claims. we calculate these reserves using various assumptions and estimates, including premiums we will receive over the assumed life of the policy; the timing, frequency and severity of the events covered by the insurance policy; and the investment returns on the assets we purchase with a portion of our net cash flow from operations. these assumptions and estimates are inherently uncertain. accordingly, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that we will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level we assume prior to payment of benefits or claims. if our actual experience is different from our assumptions or estimates, our reserves may prove inadequate. as a result, we would incur a charge to earnings in the period in which we determine such a shortfall exists, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the success of our business depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology.
our business depends in large part on our technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and our business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. some of our information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards (including adequate business continuity procedures). we are in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing our business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge our complex integrated environment. our success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient manner. if we do not maintain the effectiveness of our systems, our operations and reputation could be adversely affected and we could be exposed to litigation as well as to regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties.
the effect that governmental actions for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets will have on such markets generally, or on us specifically, is difficult to determine at this time.
in response to the severity of the global financial crisis, numerous regulatory and governmental actions were taken to address weakness in the banking system, volatility in capital market conditions, and to stimulate the global economy. in the united states, this included aggressive expansionary monetary policy actions by the federal reserve, including conventional measures such as reducing the federal funds rate to near zero, and less conventional measures such as multiple rounds of quantitative easing. the result of the actions of the federal reserve was to keep interest rates, as measured by the u.s. treasury curve and other relevant market rates, at very low levels for an extended period of time in an attempt to stimulate the economy.
as the u.s. economy has continued to improve, the federal reserve has reduced the amount of monetary stimulus. the actions previously taken by the federal reserve, and the amounts involved, are unprecedented. as such, there exist considerable risks associated with the amount of monetary stimulus provided and its withdrawal. these risks could include heightened inflation, increased volatility of interest rates, significantly higher interest rates, and overall increased volatility in the fair value of investment securities. these factors could negatively impact our business by reducing the value of our existing portfolio, negatively impacting our opportunities for new investments as market volatility increases, increasing the risk of depressed bond valuations or defaults in our credit portfolio, increasing the costs to hedge certain
17
dollar holdings into yen, and reducing the demand for our products should the broader economy be negatively impacted by withdrawal of monetary stimulus.
the financial crisis also resulted in new government regulation, including the dodd-frank act. this significant legislation, intended to reduce risk of another crisis, contains multiple provisions that could impact our business as rules are finalized and implemented. while it is difficult to isolate the impact of dodd frank from other government and central bank actions and general market conditions since the financial crisis, we believe that the dodd-frank act, in particular bank capital requirements, limits on proprietary trading and derivatives regulation, has affected the value of our holdings in banks and other financial institutions, and impacted pricing, liquidity, and our general ability to conduct financial and capital market transactions. the process of implementing the dodd-frank act is ongoing and continues to involve additional rulemaking from time to time. the new presidential administration in the united states and congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the dodd-frank act. we cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, the dodd-frank act will have on our u.s. business, financial condition, or results of operations, particularly given the election of a new u.s. president in november 2016.
as the effects of the financial crisis continue to linger, other central banks around the world have followed the actions of the federal reserve and taken unprecedented actions. in the case of the ecb, multiple actions were taken to mitigate the european sovereign and banking crisis, and to stimulate the economies throughout the eurozone. the bank of japan has undertaken monetary policy actions designed to stimulate the japanese economy. these governmental interventions are still being deployed in the form of extremely low short-term interest rates and asset purchases, and thus may continue to support an environment of historically low or negative interest rates in the near to medium term. there can be no assurance as to the effect that these governmental actions, other governmental actions taken in the future, or the ceasing of these governmental actions will have on the financial markets generally, the economies in which we operate, our competitive position, or our business and financial condition.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm our business.
we depend heavily on our telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data we use to run our businesses and service our customers. these systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond our control. despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our information technology and other systems could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches or other cyber-attacks, resulting in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers, or in the misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary information. although the minor data leakage issues we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by us or others, could delay or disrupt our ability to do business and service our customers, harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business. in addition, the costs to address or remediate system interruptions or security threats and vulnerabilities, whether before or after an incident, could be significant. while we continue to invest in the infrastructure of our data security programs, we have been, and will likely continue to be, the target of unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other computer-related penetrations.
we operate in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes.
we operate in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. these factors require us to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors. we also face the potential of competition from existing or new companies in the united states and japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry but some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources than we do. failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate our products and services can affect our ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business.
further, as employers and brokers are increasingly requesting a full-suite of products from one insurance provider, a failure to react and adapt to these demands could result in decreased sales or market share. similarly, a failure to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous
18
investment in our technology could result in lower revenues and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could adversely affect our operating results.
if we fail to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that our third-party service providers and business associates who access, store, process or transmit sensitive patient information maintain its security, integrity, confidentiality and availability, our reputation and business operations could be materially adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by our businesses are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. these laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. various state laws address the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data to the extent they are more restrictive than those contained in the privacy and security provisions in the federal gramm-leach-bliley act of 1999 (glba) and in the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa). hipaa also requires that we impose privacy and security requirements on our business associates (as such term is defined in the hipaa regulations). with regard to personal information obtained from policyholders, the insured, or others, aflac japan is regulated in japan by the act on the protection of personal information (appi) and guidelines issued by fsa and other governmental authorities.
even though we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts and perform information security risk assessments of our third-party service providers and business associates, we still have limited control over their actions and practices. in addition, despite the security measures we have in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws and rules, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. the u.s. congress and many states are considering new privacy and security requirements that would apply to our business. compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on our business models, the development of new administrative processes, and the effects of potential noncompliance by our business associates. they also may impose further restrictions on our collection, disclosure and use of patient identifiable data that are housed in one or more of our administrative databases. noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, theft or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential member information, whether by us or by one of our third parties, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations, including: material fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; consent orders regarding our privacy and security practices; adverse actions against our licenses to do business; and injunctive relief.
in addition, under japanese laws and regulations, including the appi, if a leak or loss of personal information by aflac japan or its business associates should occur, depending on factors such as the volume of personal data involved and the likelihood of other secondary damage, aflac japan may be required to file reports to the fsa; issue public releases explaining such incident to the public; or become subject to an fsa business improvement order, which could pose a risk to our reputation.
extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth.
aflac's insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of governmental authorities, including state insurance regulators, the sec, the naic, the fio, the fsa and ministry of finance (mof) in japan, the u.s. department of justice, state attorneys general, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission, and the u.s. treasury, including the internal revenue service, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude. in addition, proposals regarding the global regulation of insurance are under discussion. consequently, we are subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may not result in compliance with another regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. there is also a risk that any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may change over time to our detriment. in addition, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of an issue changing, cause us to change our views regarding the actions we need to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective, thus necessitating changes to our practices that may, in some cases, limit our ability to grow or otherwise negatively impact the profitability of our business.
19
the primary purpose of insurance company regulatory supervision is the protection of insurance policyholders, rather than investors. the extent of regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes in the united states and by the fsa and the mof in japan. these systems of supervision and regulation cover, among other things:
•   standards of establishing and setting premium rates and the approval thereof
•   standards of minimum capital and reserve requirements and solvency margins, including risk-based capital measures
•   restrictions on, limitations on and required approval of certain transactions between our insurance subsidiaries and their affiliates, including management fee arrangements
•   restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments
•   restrictions on the types of terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance policies offered by our primary insurance operations
•   limitations on the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can pay or foreign profits that can be repatriated
•   the existence and licensing status of a company under circumstances where it is not writing new or renewal business
•   certain required methods of accounting
•   reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes
•   assignment of residual market business and potential assessments for the provision of funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance companies
•   administrative practices requirements
•   imposition of fines and other sanctions regulatory authorities periodically re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. this risk is particularly relevant in 2017 as a new presidential administration begins in the united states which has expressed interest in making significant changes in specific areas of the regulatory landscape in the united states.
various forms of federal oversight and regulation of insurance were signed into law by the prior administration. for example, the aca gave the u.s. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance and made significant changes to the u.s. health care insurance marketplace, including the imposition of an individual medical insurance coverage mandate, penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, the creation of health insurance exchanges, and proscriptions regarding coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. the legislation also includes changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. these changes, directed toward major medical health insurance coverage that aflac does not offer, may or may not continue to be implemented over the next several years in light of the commencement of a new u.s. presidential administration in january 2017. we believe that the aca, as currently in force, will not require us to materially change the design of our insurance products. however, indirect consequences of the continuation, modification or partial or full repeal of the legislation and regulations could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations.
the process of implementing the dodd-frank act is ongoing and continues to involve additional rulemaking from time to time. the new presidential administration in the united states and congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the dodd-frank act. we cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, the dodd-frank act will have on our u.s. business, financial condition, or results of operations, particularly given the election of a new u.s. president in november 2016.
changes in domestic or foreign tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes and reduce our earnings. additionally, global budget deficits make it likely that governments' need for additional revenue will result in future tax proposals that will increase our effective tax rate. however, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on our earnings both in the united states and in foreign jurisdictions, particularly in light of the election of a new u.s. president in november 2016.
compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
20
defaults, downgrades, widening credit spreads or other events impairing the value of the fixed maturity securities, perpetual securities and loan receivables in our investment portfolio may reduce our earnings and capital position.
we are subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed maturity securities, perpetual securities and loan receivables we own may default on principal or interest. a significant portion of our portfolio represents an unsecured obligation of the issuer, including some that are subordinated to other debt in the issuer's capital structure. in these cases, many factors can influence the overall creditworthiness of the issuer and ultimately its ability to service and repay our holdings. this can include changes in the global economy, the company's assets, strategy, or management, shifts in the dynamics of the industries in which they compete, their access to additional funding, and the overall health of the credit markets. factors unique to our securities including contractual protections such as financial covenants or relative position in the issuer's capital structure also influence the value of our holdings.
most of our investments carry a rating by one or more of the nrsros. any change in the rating agencies' approach to evaluating credit and assigning an opinion could negatively impact the fair value of our portfolio. we employ a team of credit analysts to monitor the creditworthiness of the issuers in our portfolio. any credit-related declines in the fair value of positions held in our portfolio we believe are not temporary in nature will negatively impact our net income and capital position through impairment and other credit related losses. these losses would also affect our solvency ratios in the united states and japan. aflac japan has certain regulatory accounting requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by credit-related losses, which may be different from u.s. gaap and statutory requirements. these impairment losses could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings, and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
we are also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to our positions could deteriorate. these instruments may include senior secured first lien loans, such as commercial mortgage loans, bank loans, middle market loans, and loan-backed securities where the underlying loan or collateral notes may default on principal, interest, or other payments, causing an adverse change in cash flows to the positions held in our investment portfolio.
our portfolio includes holdings of perpetual securities. most of these are issued by global banks and financial institutions. following the financial crisis, rating agencies reviewed and, in most cases, modified the rating criteria for financial institutions. this has caused multiple downgrades of many bank and financial issuers, but perpetual securities have been more negatively impacted as their lower position in the capital structure represents relatively more risk than other more senior obligations of the issuer. further downgrades or default of issuers of securities we own will have a negative impact on our portfolio and could reduce our earnings and capital.
we are exposed to sovereign credit risk through instruments issued directly by governments and government entities as well as banks and other institutions that rely in part on the strength of the underlying government for their credit quality. in addition to the united states and japan, many governments, especially in europe, have been subject to rating downgrades due to the need for fiscal and budgetary remediation and structural reforms, reduced economic activity, and investment needed to support banks or other systemically important entities. additional downgrades or default of our sovereign issuers will have a negative impact on our portfolio and could reduce our earnings and capital.
in addition to our exposure to the underlying fundamental credit strength of the issuers of our fixed maturity and perpetual securities and the underlying risk of default, we are also exposed to the general movement in credit market spreads. a widening of credit spreads could reduce the value of our existing portfolio, create unrealized losses on our investment portfolio, and reduce our adjusted capital position which is used in determining the smr in japan. this widening of credit spreads could, however, increase the net investment income on new credit investments. conversely, a tightening of credit spreads could increase the value of our existing portfolio and create unrealized gains on our investment portfolio. this tightening of credit spreads could also reduce the net investment income available to us on new credit investments. increased market volatility also makes it difficult to value certain of our investment holdings (see the critical accounting estimates section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis, of this form 10-k).
as a result of the large decline in oil prices in early 2016 and subsequent price volatility, there has been heightened attention to certain investments in the various energy sectors. our portfolio includes holdings diversified across multiple sub-sectors of the oil and gas industry, spread among multiple geographies.
21
as of december 31, 2016, the weighted-average rating of our total fixed maturity securities energy exposure was bbb, and 88% of our exposure to the oil and gas industry was investment grade. market volatility surrounding these issuers could lead to increased negative ratings activity from the public rating agencies for energy credit issuers. we do not currently expect our investments in the energy sector to have a material impact on our results of operations.
for more information regarding credit risk, see the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of item 7, management's discussion and analysis, of this form 10-k.
sales of our products and services are dependent on our ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates in the united states.
our sales could be adversely affected if our sales networks deteriorate or if we do not adequately provide support, training and education for our existing network. competition exists for sales associates with demonstrated ability. we compete with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of our products, compensation, support services and financial rating. an inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates could have a material adverse effect on sales and our results of operations and financial condition. our sales associates are independent contractors and may sell products of our competitors. if our competitors offer products that are more attractive than ours, or pay higher commissions than we do, these sales associates may concentrate their efforts on selling our competitors' products instead of ours. in addition to our commissioned sales force, aflac has expanded its sales leadership team to include a salaried sales force of over 175 market directors and broker sales professionals. our ability to attract and retain top talent in these salaried roles has a material impact on our sales success.
a decline in the creditworthiness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
we have exposure to and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker dealers, derivative counterparties, commercial banks and other institutions.
we use derivative instruments to mitigate various risks associated with our investment portfolio, notes payable, and profit repatriation. we enter into a variety of agreements involving assorted instruments including foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currency options, foreign currency and interest rate swaps, and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions). to provide additional alternatives to increase our overall portfolio yield while managing our overall currency risk, starting in 2012, we have invested a significant portion of the investable cash flow generated by aflac japan into u.s. dollar-denominated investments and hedged these investments to yen through the use of currency forward and option contracts. the derivative forward and option contracts are of a shorter maturity than the hedged investments, which creates roll-over risks within the hedging program. due to changes in market environments, there is a risk the hedges become ineffective and lose the corresponding hedge accounting treatment. at december 31, 2016, we held foreign currency forwards and options of approximately $16.0 billion of notional associated with aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investments referenced above, foreign currency swaps of $3.7 billion of notional associated with our notes payable, and foreign currency forwards and options of approximately $1.1 billion of notional used to economically hedge profit repatriation. the company's increased use of derivatives has increased our financial exposure to derivative counterparties. to mitigate counterparty exposure, we have established internal limits based on counterparties' credit ratings. our internal limits include deposit and derivative exposure that we monitor on a daily basis. if our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under derivative instruments, our hedges of the risks will be ineffective.
we engage in derivative transactions directly with unaffiliated third parties under international swaps and derivatives association, inc. (isda) agreements and other documentation. most of the isda agreements also include credit support annexes (csas) provisions, which generally provide for two-way collateral postings at the first dollar of exposure. we mitigate the risk that counterparties to transactions might be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value while generally requiring that collateral be posted at the outset of the transaction. in addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of aflac's financial strength rating. the actual amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. if the company is required to post collateral to support derivative contracts and/or pay cash to settle the contracts at maturity, the company's liquidity could be strained.
further, we have agreements with various financial institutions for the distribution of our insurance products. for example, at december 31, 2016, we had agreements with 372 banks to market aflac's products in japan. sales through
22
these banks represented 8.9% of aflac japan's new annualized premium sales in 2016. any material adverse effect on these or other financial institutions could also have an adverse effect on our sales.
the company has entered into significant reinsurance transactions with large, highly rated counterparties. negative events or developments affecting any one of these counterparties could have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
all of these risks related to exposure to other financial institutions could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
as a holding company, the parent company depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
the parent company is a holding company and has no direct operations or significant assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. because we conduct our operations through our operating subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock. aflac is domiciled in nebraska and is subject to insurance regulations that impose certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by aflac to the parent company. the nebraska insurance statutes require prior approval for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. in addition, the nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. in addition, the fsa may not allow profit repatriations or other transfers from aflac japan if they would cause aflac japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of japanese policyholders.
the ability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could also be constrained by our dependence on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies. our ratings from these agencies depend to a large extent on aflac's capitalization level. any inability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. there is no assurance that the earnings from, or other available assets of, our operating subsidiaries will be sufficient to make distributions to enable us to operate.
any decrease in our financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on our competitive position and access to liquidity and capital.
financial strength ratings can play an important role in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. on an ongoing basis, nrsros review the financial performance and condition of many insurers, including aflac and our competitors. they may assign multiple ratings including a financial strength rating, reflecting their view of the insurer's ability to pay claims on a timely basis, and ratings on an insurer's senior and subordinated debt obligations, indicating their view of an insurer's ability to make timely payments on their debt obligations.
nrsros may change their ratings or outlook on an insurer's ratings due to a variety of factors including the nrsro's assessment of the insurer's strength of operations and overall financial condition. some factors that may influence ratings include competitive position; profitability; cash generation and other sources of liquidity; capital levels; quality of the investment portfolio; and perception of management capabilities. the ratings assigned to us by the nrsros are important factors in our ability to access liquidity and capital from the bank market, debt capital markets or other available sources, such as reinsurance transactions. downgrades to our credit ratings could give our derivative counterparties the right to require early termination of derivatives transactions or delivery of additional collateral, thereby adversely affecting our liquidity.
in view of the difficulties experienced after the financial crisis by many financial institutions, including those in the insurance industry, the nrsros have heightened the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions. steps taken by the nrsros include an increase in the frequency and scope of their reviews, additional information requests from the companies that they rate, including additional information regarding the valuation of investment securities held, and, in certain cases, an increase in the capital and other requirements employed in their models for maintenance of certain rating levels.
23
on september 16, 2015, s&p downgraded their credit rating of japan's sovereign debt. following this action, they also downgraded several other foreign insurers, including aflac. although we are a u.s.-based insurer, our significant operations in japan and corresponding regulation by the japanese fsa, combined with our significant exposure to jgbs as outlined above, resulted in s&p downgrading the financial strength rating of our core insurance operations to a+ and our senior debt rating to a-, both with a stable outlook. while s&p made no further downgrades to our ratings in 2016, they have stated in the past that a downgrade of japan's sovereign rating could lead to a downgrade of our financial strength rating. as a matter of policy, s&p rarely rates insurance companies above the sovereign long-term rating of the country of domicile because during times of stress, the sovereign's regulatory and supervisory powers may restrict an insurer's or financial system's flexibility.
in addition to the impact on our access to liquidity, as mentioned above, a downgrade of our ratings could have a material adverse effect on agent recruiting and retention, sales, competitiveness and the marketability of our products which could negatively impact our liquidity, operating results and financial condition. additionally, sales through the bank channel in japan could be adversely affected as a result of their reliance and sensitivity to ratings levels.
we cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. as with other companies in the financial services industry, our ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any nrsro.
our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in losses.
we have developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. we maintain policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed.
however, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. if our risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. as a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. in times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from greater than expected morbidity, mortality, longevity, or persistency, the effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the company. in addition, under difficult or less liquid market conditions, our risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk under the same challenging market conditions. in such circumstances, it may be difficult or more expensive for the company to mitigate risk due to the activity of such other market participants.
many of our risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. we cannot provide assurance that our risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.
management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective. models are utilized by our businesses and corporate areas primarily to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. these models are utilized under a risk management policy approved by our executive risk management committees, however, the models may not operate properly and rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. as our businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models we utilize expands, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions.
past or future misconduct by our employees or employees of our third parties (suppliers which are cost-based relationships and alliance partners which are revenue-generating relationships) could result in violations of law by us, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. despite our published supplier code of conduct, due diligence of our alliance
24
partners, and rigorous contracting procedures (including financial, legal, it security, and risk reviews), there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that we employ, which are designed to assess third party viability and prevent us from taking excessive or inappropriate risks, will be effective. we review our supplier cost structures and alliance compensation policies and practices as part of our overall risk management program, but it is possible that these cost structures and forms of compensation could inadvertently incentivize excessive or inappropriate risk taking. if our third parties take excessive or inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
the concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular single-issuer or sector of the economy may have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
negative events or developments affecting any particular single issuer, industry, group of related industries or geographic sector may have an adverse impact on a particular holding or set of holdings. we seek to minimize this risk by maintaining an appropriate level of diversification. to the extent we have concentrated positions, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. our global investment guidelines establish concentration limits for our investment portfolios.
at december 31, 2016, we held approximately $42.9 billion at amortized cost, or 42.4% of our total debt and perpetual securities, in jgbs. jgbs were rated a1/a+/a at december 31, 2016 by moody's, s&p and fitch, respectively. at december 31, 2016, 10% of our total portfolio of debt and perpetual securities was in the bank and financial institution sector. for further details on the concentrations within our investment portfolios, see the analysis of financial condition section of md&a in this report.
the valuation of our investments and derivatives includes methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
we report a significant amount of our fixed maturity securities and other financial instruments at fair value. as such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation as well as valuation methods which are more sophisticated, thereby resulting in values which may be greater or less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly.
valuations of our derivatives fluctuate with changes in underlying market variables, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. during periods of market turbulence created by political instability, economic uncertainty, government interventions or other factors, we may experience significant changes in the volatility of our derivative valuations. extreme market conditions can also affect the liquidity of such instruments creating marked differences in transaction levels and counterparty valuations. depending on the severity and direction of the movements in its derivative valuations, the company will face increases in the amount of collateral required to be posted with its counterparties. liquidity stresses to the company may also occur if the required collateral amounts increase significantly over a very short period of time. conversely, the company may be exposed to an increase in counterparty credit risk for short periods of time while calling collateral from its counterparties.
for further discussion on investment and derivative valuations, see the critical accounting estimates section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis, and notes 1, 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
managing key executive succession is critical to our success.
we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our senior management and other key executives. while we have succession plans and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these plans cannot guarantee that the services of these executives will be available to us, and our operations could be adversely affected if they are not.
the determination of the amount of impairments taken on our investments is based on significant valuation judgments and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.
25
an investment in a fixed maturity, perpetual or equity security is impaired if the fair value falls below book value. we regularly review our entire investment portfolio for declines in value. the majority of our investments are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment using our debt impairment model, while our investments in equities and below-investment-grade perpetual securities are evaluated using our equity impairment model.
our debt impairment model includes emphasis on the ultimate collection of the cash flows from our investments. the determination of the amount of impairments under this model is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective securities. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
for our fixed maturity and perpetual securities reported in the available-for-sale portfolio, we report the investments at fair value in the statement of financial condition and record any unrealized gain or loss in the value of the asset in accumulated other comprehensive income. for our held-to-maturity securities portfolio, we report the investments at amortized cost. under the debt impairment model, the determination of whether an impairment in value is other than temporary is based largely on our evaluation of the issuer's creditworthiness. we must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. factors that may influence this include our assessment of the issuer's ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. we also verify whether we have the intent to sell or if it is more likely than not we would be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. if we determine it is unlikely we will recover our book value of the instrument prior to our disposal of the security, we will reduce the carrying value of the security to its fair value and recognize any associated impairment loss in our consolidated statement of earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss.
our investments in perpetual securities that are rated below investment grade and equity securities are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment under our equity impairment model. this impairment model focuses on the severity of a security's decline in fair value coupled with the length of time the fair value of the security has been below cost or amortized cost and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. for equity securities, we also verify our intent to hold the securities until they recover in value.
for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates or credit-related losses, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
our management updates its evaluations regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects impairment losses in the company's income statement when considered necessary. furthermore, additional impairments may need to be taken in the future. historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments.
catastrophic events could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and acts of terrorism. the extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. certain events such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes and man-made catastrophes could cause substantial damage or loss of life in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition, as well as affect our ability to write new business.
changes in accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standard boards (fasb) or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements.
our financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles in both the united states and japan, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the fasb. it is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting
26
pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
events, including those external to our operations, could damage our reputation.
because insurance products are intangible, we rely to a large extent on consumer trust in our business. the perception of financial weakness could create doubt regarding our ability to honor the commitments we have made to our policyholders. maintaining our stature as a responsible corporate citizen, which helps support the strength of our unique brand, is critical to our reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect us.
changes in our discount rate, expected rate of return, life expectancy, health care cost and expected compensation increase assumptions for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability.
we determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, life expectancy of plan participants and expected increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained low interest rate environment, may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability.
we face risks related to litigation.
we are a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. members of our senior legal and financial management teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. the final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, we believe the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. however, litigation could adversely affect us because of the costs of defending these cases, costs of settlement or judgments against us or because of changes in our operations that could result from litigation.
we also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, which include:
•   any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles
•   failure to appropriately maintain controls over models used to generate significant inputs to the company's financial statements
•   a significant failure of internal controls over financial reporting
•   failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal policies and regulatory requirements
•   failure of corporate governance policies and procedures
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking information the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" to encourage companies to provide prospective information, so long as those informational statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. we desire to take advantage of these provisions. this report contains cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected herein, and in any other statements made by company officials in communications with the financial community and contained in documents filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec). forward-looking statements are not based on historical information and relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. furthermore, forward-looking information is subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. in particular, statements containing words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "goal," "objective," "may," "should," "estimate," "intends," "projects," "will," "assumes," "potential," "target", "outlook" or similar words as well as specific projections of future results, generally qualify as forward-looking. aflac undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.
we caution readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements:
•   difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy
•   exposure to significant interest rate risk
•   concentration of business in japan
•   foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate
•   failure to execute or implement the conversion of the japan branch conversion to a legal subsidiary
•   limited availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments
•   deviations in actual experience from pricing and reserving assumptions
•   ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems
•   governmental actions for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets
•   interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems
•   ongoing changes in our industry
•   failure to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security
•   extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities
•   defaults and credit downgrades of investments
•   ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates and employees
•   decline in creditworthiness of other financial institutions
•   subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to aflac incorporated
•   decreases in our financial strength or debt ratings
•   inherent limitations to risk management policies and procedures
•   concentration of our investments in any particular single-issuer or sector
•   differing judgments applied to investment valuations
•   ability to effectively manage key executive succession
•   significant valuation judgments in determination of amount of impairments taken on our investments
•   catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, acts of terrorism and damage incidental to such events
•   changes in u.s. and/or japanese accounting standards
•   loss of consumer trust resulting from events external to our operations
•   increased expenses and reduced profitability resulting from changes in assumptions for pension and other postretirement benefit plans
•   level and outcome of litigation
•   failure of internal controls or corporate governance policies and procedures
34
md&a overview management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to inform the reader about matters affecting the financial condition and results of operations of aflac incorporated and its subsidiaries for the three-year period ended december 31, 2016. as a result, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements and notes. this md&a is divided into the following sections:
•   our business
•   performance highlights
•   critical accounting estimates
•   results of operations, consolidated and by segment
•   analysis of financial condition, including discussion of market risks of financial instruments
•   capital resources and liquidity, including discussion of availability of capital and the sources and uses of cash our business aflac incorporated (the parent company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the company) primarily sell supplemental health and life insurance in the united states and japan. the company's insurance business is marketed and administered through american family life assurance company of columbus (aflac), which operates in the united states (aflac u.s.) and as a branch in japan (aflac japan). most of aflac's policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. aflac u.s. also markets and administers group products through continental american insurance company (caic), branded as aflac group insurance. our insurance operations in the united states and our branch in japan service the two markets for our insurance business.
for more information on our business, see business, part i, item 1 of this report.
performance highlights yen-denominated income statement accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using a weighted-average japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate, while yen-denominated balance sheet accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using a spot japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate. the spot yen/dollar exchange rate at december 31, 2016 was 116.49, or 3.5% stronger than the december 31, 2015 spot yen/dollar exchange rate of 120.61. the weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 was 108.70, or 11.3% stronger than the weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate of 120.99 for the same period in 2015.
reflecting the stronger yen/dollar exchange rate, total revenues increased 8.1% to $22.6 billion in 2016, compared with $20.9 billion in 2015. net earnings in 2016 were $2.7 billion, or $6.42 per diluted share, compared with $2.5 billion, or $5.85 per diluted share, in 2015.
results for 2016 included pretax net realized investment losses of $123 million ($80 million after-tax), compared with net realized investment gains of $140 million ($91 million after-tax) in 2015. net investment losses in 2016 consisted of $215 million of net gains ($140 million after-tax) from the sale or redemption of securities; $83 million ($54 million after-tax) of other-than-temporary impairment losses; and $255 million of net losses ($166 million after-tax) from valuing derivatives.
shareholders' equity included a net unrealized gain on investment securities and derivatives of $4.8 billion at december 31, 2016, compared with a net unrealized gain of $3.0 billion at december 31, 2015.
in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million.
in september 2016, the parent company issued $700 million of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering and also entered into a 5.0 billion yen loan and a 25.0 billion yen loan. in september 2016, we extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate uridashi notes upon their maturity and in july 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate samurai notes upon their maturity.
35
in october 2016, the parent company and aflac renewed a 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of $100 million. in march 2016, the parent company entered into a three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 100.0 billion yen. for further information regarding these transactions, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the capital resources and liquidity section of this md&a.
we repurchased 21.6 million shares of our common stock in the open market for $1.4 billion under our share repurchase program in 2016, compared with 21.2 million shares repurchased in 2015.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these principles are established primarily by the financial accounting standards board (fasb). in this md&a, references to u.s. gaap issued by the fasb are derived from the fasb accounting standards codificationtm (asc). the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. the estimates that we deem to be most critical to an understanding of aflac's results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, deferred policy acquisition costs (dac), liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. the preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. the application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 93% of our assets and 78% of our liabilities are reported as of december 31, 2016, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results.
investments and derivatives aflac's investments, primarily consisting of debt, perpetual and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. for publicly issued securities, we determine the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors. for the majority of privately issued securities within our investment portfolio, a third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models that we utilize to determine fair values. for the remaining privately issued securities, we use non-binding price quotes from outside brokers.
we estimate the fair values of our securities on a monthly basis. we monitor the estimated fair values obtained from our custodian, pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. we also periodically discuss with our custodian and pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. if a fair value appears unreasonable, we will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. additionally, we may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. the output of this analysis is presented to the company's valuation and classifications subcommittee (vcs). based on the analysis provided to the vcs, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. we have performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value.
we also routinely review our investments that have experienced declines in fair value to determine if the decline is other than temporary. the identification of distressed investments, the determination of fair value if not publicly traded and the assessment of whether a decline is other than temporary involve significant management judgment. we must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. factors that may influence this include our assessment of the issuer's ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. this process requires consideration of risks, which can be controlled to a certain extent, such as credit risk, and risks which cannot be controlled, such as interest rate risk. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects impairment losses in the company's net earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss, as such evaluations are revised.
our derivative activities include foreign currency, interest rate and credit default swaps in variable interest entities (vies) that are consolidated; foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions) used in hedging interest rate risk on u.s. dollar-denominated securities in aflac japan's
36
portfolio; and foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility. with the exception of the derivatives associated with our vie investments, the fair values of the derivatives referenced above are based on the amounts we would expect to receive or pay to terminate the derivatives. for derivatives associated with vies where we are the primary beneficiary, we receive valuations from a third party pricing vendor.
see notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
deferred policy acquisition costs and policy liabilities insurance premiums for most of the company's health and life policies, including cancer, accident, hospital, critical illness, dental, vision, term life, whole life, long-term care and disability, are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. when revenues are reported, the related amounts of benefits and expenses are charged against such revenues, so that profits are recognized in proportion to premium revenues during the period the policies are expected to remain in force. this association is accomplished by means of annual additions to the liability for future policy benefits and the deferral and subsequent amortization of policy acquisition costs.
premiums from the company's products with limited-pay features, including term life, whole life, ways, and child endowment, are collected over a significantly shorter period than the period over which benefits are provided. premiums for these products are recognized as revenue over the premium-paying periods of the contracts when due from policyholders. any gross premium in excess of the net premium is deferred and recorded in earnings, such that profits are recognized in a constant relationship with insurance in force. benefits are recorded as an expense when they are incurred. a liability for future policy benefits is recorded when premiums are recognized using the net premium method.
deferred policy acquisition costs the calculation of dac and the liability for future policy benefits requires the use of estimates based on sound actuarial valuation techniques. for new policy issues, we review our actuarial assumptions and deferrable acquisition costs each year and revise them when necessary to more closely reflect recent experience and studies of actual acquisition costs. for policies in force, we evaluate dac by major product groupings to determine that they are recoverable from future revenues, and any amounts determined not to be recoverable are charged against net earnings. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a detail of the dac activity for the past two years.
policy liabilities the following table provides details of policy liabilities by segment and in total as of december 31.
37
policy liabilities
(in millions)                                       2016                2015
japan segment:
future policy benefits                       $68,291             $62,244
unpaid policy claims                           2,393               2,193
other policy liabilities                      13,457              14,023
total japan policy liabilities               $84,141             $78,460
u.s. segment:
future policy benefits                        $8,442              $8,087
unpaid policy claims                           1,652               1,609
other policy liabilities                         118                 119
total u.s. policy liabilities                $10,212              $9,815
consolidated:
future policy benefits                       $76,106             $69,687
unpaid policy claims                           4,045               3,802
other policy liabilities                      13,575              14,142
total consolidated policy liabilities(1)     $93,726             $87,631
(1) the sum of the japan and u.s. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.
our policy liabilities, which are determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under u.s. gaap and actuarial standards of practice, include two components that involve analysis and judgment: future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, which accounted for 81% and 4% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2016, respectively.
future policy benefits provide for claims that will occur in the future and are generally calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be incurred less the present value of future expected net benefit premiums. we calculate future policy benefits based on assumptions of morbidity, mortality, persistency and interest. these assumptions are generally established at the time a policy is issued. the assumptions used in the calculations are closely related to those used in developing the gross premiums for a policy. as required by u.s. gaap, we also include a provision for adverse deviation, which is intended to accommodate adverse fluctuations in actual experience.
unpaid policy claims include those claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to us. we compute unpaid policy claims on a non-discounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims payments, adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. we update the assumptions underlying the estimate of unpaid policy claims regularly and incorporate our historical experience as well as other data that provides information regarding our outstanding liability.
our insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation. furthermore, our business is widely dispersed in both the united states and japan. this geographic dispersion and the nature of our benefit structure mitigate the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to epidemics and events of a catastrophic nature. claims incurred under aflac's policies are generally reported and paid in a relatively short time frame. the unpaid claims liability is sensitive to morbidity assumptions, in particular, severity and frequency of claims. severity is the ultimate size of a claim, and frequency is the number of claims incurred. our claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of our policyholders.
as a part of our established financial reporting and accounting practices and controls, we perform detailed annual actuarial reviews of our policyholder liabilities (gross premium valuation analysis) and reflect the results of those reviews in our results of operations and financial condition as required by u.s. gaap. for aflac japan, our annual reviews in 2016 and 2015 indicated that we needed to strengthen the liability associated with a block of care policies, primarily due to low investment yields. we strengthened our future policy benefits liability by $52 and $18 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively, as a result of these reviews. our review in 2014 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in japan. our reviews in 2016, 2015 and 2014 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in the united states.
38
the table below reflects the growth of the future policy benefits liability for the years ended december 31.
future policy benefits
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)            2016                 2015                  2014
aflac u.s.                                        $8,442               $8,087               $7,728
growth rate                                          4.4   %              4.6   %              5.1    %
aflac japan                                      $68,291              $62,244              $57,916
growth rate                                          9.7   %              7.5   %             (6.3   )%
consolidated                                     $76,106              $69,687              $65,646
growth rate                                          9.2   %              6.2   %             (5.0   )%
yen/dollar exchange rate (end of period)          116.49               120.61               120.55
aflac japan (in yen)                               7,955                7,507                6,982
growth rate                                          6.0   %              7.5   %              7.2    %
the growth of the future policy benefits liability in yen for aflac japan and in dollars for aflac u.s. has been due to the aging of our in-force block of business and the addition of new business.
in computing the estimate of unpaid policy claims, we consider many factors, including the benefits and amounts available under the policy; the volume and demographics of the policies exposed to claims; and internal business practices, such as incurred date assignment and current claim administrative practices. we monitor these conditions closely and make adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. claim levels are generally stable from period to period; however, fluctuations in claim levels may occur. in calculating the unpaid policy claim liability, we do not calculate a range of estimates. the following table shows the expected sensitivity of the unpaid policy claims liability as of december 31, 2016, to changes in severity and frequency of claims.
sensitivity of unpaid policy claims liability
(in millions)                                                                                                total severity total frequency   decrease               decrease               unchanged                       increase               increase by 2%                  by 1%                                                     by 1%                  by 2%
increase by 2%           $0                    $24                    $48                    $73                    $98
increase by 1%          (24   )          0                      24                            49                     73
unchanged               (48   )                (24   )          0                             24                     48
decrease by 1%          (71   )                (48   )                (24   )                  0                     24
decrease by 2%          (94   )                (71   )                (48   )                (24   )                  0
other policy liabilities, which accounted for 15% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2016, consisted primarily of discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain aflac japan insurance products. these advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as premium revenue over the contractual premium payment period. advanced premiums represented 38% and 43% of the december 31, 2016 and 2015 other policy liabilities balances, respectively. see the aflac japan segment subsection of this md&a for further information.
income taxes income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing our income tax returns. deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. the evaluation of a tax position in accordance with u.s. gaap is a two-step process. under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. the determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.
39
in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event we determine it is not more likely than not that we will be able to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the company's tax planning strategies and in particular the company's ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. our judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
interest rates and credit spreads in both the united states and japan are not the only factors that impact the company's unrealized gain/loss position and the evaluation of a need for a valuation allowance on the company's deferred tax asset, but they do have a direct and significant effect on both. based on our methodology described above for evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, we have determined that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future, therefore we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of december 31, 2016.
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
new accounting pronouncements during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
results of operations the following discussion includes references to our performance measures, operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share, which are not calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap. these measures exclude items that we believe may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in our insurance operations because they tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with our insurance operations. our management uses operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share to evaluate the financial performance of our insurance operations on a consolidated basis, and we believe that a presentation of these measures is vitally important to an understanding of our underlying profitability drivers and trends of our insurance business.
aflac defines operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as the profits derived from operations. operating earnings includes interest cash flows associated with notes payable but excludes items that cannot be predicted or that are outside of management's control, such as realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities; nonrecurring items; and other non-operating income (loss) from net earnings. aflac's derivative activities are primarily used to hedge foreign exchange and interest rate risk in our investment portfolio as well as manage foreign exchange risk for certain notes payable and forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. we define operating earnings per share (basic or dilutive) to be operating earnings for the period divided by the average outstanding shares (basic or dilutive) for the period presented.
because a significant portion of our business is conducted in japan and foreign exchange rates are outside of management's control, we believe it is important to understand the impact of translating japanese yen into u.s. dollars. operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted shares excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior year period, which eliminates dollar based fluctuations driven solely from currency rate changes.
the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting operating earnings, net earnings, operating earnings per diluted share, and net earnings per diluted share to the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures for the years ended december 31.
40
reconciliation of net earnings to operating earnings in millions       per diluted share
2016                                                                           2015                  2014   2016              2015              2014
net earnings                                         $2,659              $2,533                $2,951           $6.42             $5.85             $6.50
items impacting net earnings:
realized investment (gains) losses:
securities transactions and impairments                (132   )            (150   )              (184   )       (.32      )       (.35      )       (.40      )
impact of derivative and hedging activities:
hedge costs related to foreign currency                 186                  72                    35       .45               .17               .08
investments (1)
other derivative and hedging activities (1),(2)         154                  23                   (22   )   .37               .05                   (.05      )
other and non-recurring (income) loss                    28                 266       (3)         (67   )   .07               .61                   (.15      )
income tax (benefit) expense on items excluded          (83   )             (74   )                84           (.20      )       (.17      )   .18
from operating earnings(1)
operating earnings                                    2,812               2,670                 2,797       6.79              6.16              6.16
current period foreign currency impact (4)             (141   )             n/a                   n/a           (.34      )       n/a               n/a operating earnings excluding current period          $2,671              $2,670                $2,797           $6.45             $6.16             $6.16
foreign currency impact (5)
(1) prior year amounts have been reclassified to reflect the change in methodology of calculating the hedge costs related to foreign currency investments. see "hedge costs" discussion below for further discussion.
(2) excludes a gain of $85 in both 2016 and 2015 and $44 in 2014 related to the interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps on notes payable which is classified as an operating gain when analyzing segment operations
(3) includes a loss of $20 in 2015 related to the change in value of yen repatriation received in advance of settlement of certain foreign currency derivatives. this loss was offset by derivative gains included in other derivative and hedging activities.
(4) prior period foreign currency impact reflected as "n/a" to isolate change for current period only.
(5) amounts excluding current period foreign currency impact are computed using the average yen/dollar exchange rate for the comparable prior-year period, which eliminates dollar-based fluctuations driven solely from currency rate changes.
realized investment gains and losses our investment strategy is to invest primarily in fixed-maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's growth and profitability. this investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (alm) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. we do not purchase securities with the intent of generating capital gains or losses. however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. the realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of our insurance products, which are the principal drivers of our profitability.
securities transactions and impairments during 2016, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $215 million ($140 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains were primarily related to foreign currency gains on sale and redemption activities as well as gains related to call activity on previously impaired securities. we realized pretax investment losses of $83 million ($54 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.
during 2015, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $303 million ($197 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains primarily resulted from sales of japanese government bonds (jgbs) as part of a portfolio repositioning exercise. we realized pretax investment losses of $153 million ($100 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities. investment losses were primarily related to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment loss on a single holding.
during 2014, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $215 million ($140 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains primarily resulted from gains on sales of jgbs and our u.s. treasury holdings, currency gains from transactions by our externally managed portfolio of u.s. dollar-denominated bank loans, and assorted
41
other bond sales and calls. we realized pretax investment losses of $31 million ($20 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more details on these investment activities.
impact of derivative and hedging activities our derivative instruments include foreign currency swaps and credit default swaps held in consolidated vies; foreign currency forwards and options, interest rate swaptions and futures on certain fixed-maturity securities; foreign currency forwards and options that economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen; and foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures. during 2016, we realized pretax investment losses, net of gains, of $255 million, compared with pretax investment losses, net of gains, of $10 million in 2015 and pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $31 million in 2014 as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. for a description of other items that could be included in the impact of derivative and hedging activities, see the hedging activities subsection of md&a and note 4 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
hedge costs our reconciliation of net earnings to operating earnings table above includes a line item related to the costs incurred in using foreign currency forward contracts to hedge a portion of the foreign currency exchange risk on the u.s. dollar-denominated assets in aflac japan's investment portfolio. these hedge costs are derived from the difference between the foreign currency spot rate at time of trade inception and the contractual foreign currency forward rate. for our non-u.s. gaap reporting disclosures, we have historically reported the total hedge costs of these contracts in the period in which the foreign currency forward was executed. beginning in 2016, we changed our non-u.s. gaap reporting for these hedge costs by amortizing them evenly over the life of the foreign currency forward contracts. we believe amortizing the hedge costs over the life of these contracts provides a better measure of our non-u.s. gaap results as compared to our historical methodology. in 2016, we began increasing the duration of the foreign currency forward contracts used to hedge our u.s. dollar-denominated assets in aflac japan's investment portfolio to cover periods extending beyond one year. therefore, recognizing these costs over the extended hedging periods provides a better measure of our costs, and better reflects the economics of how hedge costs emerge over the life of the hedge. the table below summarizes the impact of our change in hedge cost reporting methodology:
hedge costs related to foreign investments (non-u.s. gaap basis)
(in millions)
pretax basis period                              historical reporting method             revised reporting method
2016:
quarter ended september 30,                   $(188           )                      $(54          )
quarter ended june 30,                          (48           )                       (37          )
quarter ended march 31,                         (44           )                       (32          )
2015:
year ended december 31,                       $(136           )                      $(72          )
quarter ended september 30,                     (28           )                       (17          )
quarter ended june 30,                          (18           )                       (16          )
quarter ended march 31,                         (14           )                       (13          )
2014:
year ended december 31,                        $(37           )                      $(35          )
quarter ended september 30,                      (1           )                       (10          )
quarter ended june 30,                          (25           )                        (8          )
quarter ended march 31,                         (10           )                        (7          )
42
hedge costs can fluctuate based upon many factors, including the derivative notional amount, the length of time of the derivative contract, and changes in both u.s. and japan interest rates. hedge costs have increased in recent periods due to changes in the previously mentioned factors.
for additional information regarding realized investment gains and losses, see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other and non-recurring items the company includes the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate as an other non-operating item. during 2016, we recognized a foreign currency gain of $109 million due to a temporary sizable u.s. dollar cash balance and cash settlements of u.s. dollar-denominated investment transactions within the japan segment. in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million. during 2015, the make-whole premium paid to the investors of our 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes for the early redemption of those notes was recorded as a $230 million pretax non-operating loss. we consider the costs associated with the early redemption of our debt to be unrelated to the underlying fundamentals and trends in our insurance operations. additionally, these costs are driven by changes in interest rates subsequent to the issuance of the debt, and we consider these interest rate changes to represent economic conditions not directly associated with our insurance operations.
foreign currency translation aflac japan's premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. claims and most expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen, to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. we translate aflac japan's yen-denominated income statement into dollars using an average exchange rate for the reporting period, and we translate its yen-denominated balance sheet using the exchange rate at the end of the period.
due to the size of aflac japan, where our functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported results. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. as a result, we view foreign currency translation as a financial reporting issue for aflac rather than an economic event to our company or shareholders.
income taxes our combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 34.6% in 2016, 34.4% in 2015 and 34.3% in 2014. total income taxes were $1.4 billion in 2016, compared with $1.3 billion in 2015 and $1.5 billion in 2014. japanese income taxes on aflac japan's results account for most of our consolidated income tax expense. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
2017 outlook our objective in 2017 is to maintain our strong capital position while producing stable earnings and strong cash flows. we believe that our market-leading position, powerful brand recognition and diverse distribution in japan and the united states will provide support toward this objective. in 2017, we expect the low-interest rate environment to continue in japan, and we will continue to monitor these and other economic conditions as we execute on our plans for sales, investments and capital management.
we believe that our efforts will continue our prudent strategies for capital deployment, as well as our ongoing commitment to customer service, product innovation and distribution enhancement.
43
insurance operations aflac's insurance business consists of two segments: aflac japan and aflac u.s. aflac japan, which operates as a branch of aflac, is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. u.s. gaap financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. furthermore, we are required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets.
we evaluate our sales efforts using new annualized premium sales, an industry operating measure. new annualized premium sales, which include both new sales and the incremental increase in premiums due to conversions, represent the premiums that we would collect over a 12-month period, assuming the policies remain in force. for aflac japan, new annualized premium sales are determined by applications submitted during the reporting period. for aflac u.s., new annualized premium sales are determined by applications that are issued during the reporting period. premium income, or earned premiums, is a financial performance measure that reflects collected or due premiums that have been earned ratably on policies in force during the reporting period.
aflac japan segment aflac japan pretax operating earnings changes in aflac japan's pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                2016                 2015                 2014
net premium income                                    $13,537              $12,046              $13,861
net investment income:
yen-denominated investment income                       1,346                1,227                1,429
dollar-denominated investment income                    1,208                1,209                1,233
net investment income                                   2,554                2,436                2,662
other income (loss)                                        40                   31                   32
total operating revenues                               16,131               14,513               16,555
benefits and claims, net                                9,828                8,705               10,084
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs         644                  578                  649
insurance commissions                                     787                  719                  845
insurance and other expenses                            1,538                1,336                1,519
total operating expenses                                2,969                2,633                3,013
total benefits and expenses                            12,797               11,338               13,097
pretax operating earnings(1)                           $3,334               $3,175               $3,458
weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate              108.70               120.99               105.46
in dollars       in yen percentage change over previous period:        2016   2015             2014            2016                   2015        2014
net premium income                        12.4   %        (13.1   )%       (7.5   )%   .8         %       (.4   )%      .1   %
net investment income                      4.9             (8.5   )    .4                  (5.8   )       4.8          8.8
total operating revenues                  11.2            (12.3   )        (6.4   )        (.3    )        .5          1.3
pretax operating earnings(1)               5.0             (8.2   )        (4.7   )        (5.7   )       5.3          3.1
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
annualized premiums in force at december 31, 2016, were 1.61 trillion yen, compared with 1.62 trillion yen in 2015 and 1.59 trillion yen in 2014. the decrease in annualized premiums in force in yen of .7% in 2016 reflects the net effect of sales of new policies combined with limited-pay policies becoming paid-up and the persistency of aflac japan's business.
44
the increases in annualized premiums in force in yen of 1.5% in 2015 and 1.7% in 2014 reflect the sales of new policies combined with the high persistency of aflac japan's business. annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $13.8 billion in 2016, $13.4 billion in 2015, and $13.2 billion in 2014.
aflac japan's investment portfolios include u.s. dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). u.s. dollar-denominated investment income from these assets accounted for approximately 47% of aflac japan's investment income in 2016, compared with 50% in 2015 and 46% in 2014. in years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. in years when the yen weakens, translating u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. excluding foreign currency changes from the respective prior year (a non-u.s. gaap measure), u.s. dollar-denominated investment income accounted for approximately 50% of aflac japan's investment income during 2016, compared with 46% in 2015 and 44% in 2014.
the following table illustrates the effect of translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had yen/dollar exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year. in order to compare the current year to the prior year without the impact of foreign currency, the current year's income statement is translated at the prior year's average exchange rate.
aflac japan percentage changes over prior year
(yen operating results)
including foreign       excluding foreign currency changes       currency changes(2)
2016                                               2015           2014   2016            2015             2014
net investment income          (5.8   )%       4.8    %       8.8    %       (.8    )%        (1.9   )%   4.8       %
total operating revenues        (.3   )         .5            1.3        .6                   (.6    )    .7
pretax operating earnings(1)   (5.7   )        5.3            3.1            (2.0   )    .4               .3
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
(2)amounts excluding foreign currency impact on u.s. dollar-denominated items (a non-u.s. gaap measure) were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current year as each respective prior year.
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios in yen terms for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total revenues:                                2016          2015          2014
benefits and claims, net                            60.9   %       60.0   %      60.9   %
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    4.0            4.0           3.9
insurance commissions                                4.9            5.0           5.1
insurance and other expenses                         9.5            9.1           9.2
total operating expenses                            18.4           18.1          18.2
pretax operating earnings(1)                        20.7           21.9          20.9
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
in 2016, the benefit ratio increased primarily due to the effects of foreign currency translation and reserve strengthening on a block of care policies, and the operating expense ratio increased primarily due to activities related to sales promotions, it infrastructure enhancement and personnel. in total, the pretax operating profit margin decreased in 2016, compared with 2015, reflecting the effect of the stronger yen and the increase in the benefit and expense ratios. for 2017, we anticipate the pretax operating profit margin to remain stable.
45
aflac japan sales the following table presents aflac japan's new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
in dollars                                           in yen
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)            2016   2015               2014                           2016          2015              2014
new annualized premium sales                      $1,045              $997               $1,080            113.7          120.9            114.5
increase (decrease) over prior period                4.8   %          (7.7   )%           (29.8   )%        (5.9   )%       5.5   %        (23.3   )%
the following table details the contributions to new annualized premium sales by major insurance product for the years ended december 31.
2016                                     2015          2014
cancer                 46.6          40.4          30.3
medical                26.0          26.4          31.8
ordinary life:
ways                   11.9          16.7          14.0
other ordinary life     6.2           6.2           8.3
child endowment         6.4           8.2          10.2
other                   2.9           2.1           5.4
total                 100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
the foundation of aflac japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, our third sector cancer and medical insurance products. sales of third sector products on a yen basis increased 4.1% in 2016, compared with 2015. we have been focusing more on promotion of our cancer and medical insurance products in this low-interest-rate environment. these products are less interest-rate sensitive and more profitable compared to first sector products.
cancer insurance sales on a yen basis were up 8.5% in 2016, compared with 2015. aflac japan enhanced its medical insurance product with new riders in june 2015. this revision provides better protection against critical diseases such as cancer, heart attack and stroke. our 2016 sales results also benefited from the launch of a new income support insurance product in mid-july. this product provides fixed-benefit amounts in the event that a policyholder is unable to work due to significant illness or injury and was developed to supplement the disability coverage within japan's social security system. this product targets young to middle-aged consumers, and by focusing our efforts on this demographic, we believe we are building relationships that lay the groundwork for the sale of our cancer and medical insurance later in life to the income support policyholders. with continued cost pressure on japan's health care system, we expect the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future, and we remain convinced that the medical and cancer insurance products aflac japan provides will continue to be an important part of our product portfolio.
as a result of the interest rate policy in japan, we took significant actions to limit sales of certain of aflac japan's first sector products, including ways and child endowment. those actions gained traction in mid-2016 as first sector product sales were down 26.1% on a yen basis for the year, compared with 2015. we expect that for 2017, this deliberate trend will continue, and our focus will remain on less interest-sensitive third sector products.
independent corporate agencies and individual agencies contributed 46.7% of total new annualized premium sales for aflac japan in 2016, compared with 47.0% in 2015 and 46.1% in 2014. affiliated corporate agencies, which include japan post, contributed 44.4% of total new annualized premium sales in 2016, compared with 38.1% in 2015 and 32.4% in 2014. in 2016, we recruited approximately 200 new sales agencies. at december 31, 2016, aflac japan was represented by approximately 12,100 sales agencies, with more than 108,700 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies.
at december 31, 2016, we had agreements to sell our products at 372 banks, approximately 90% of the total number of banks in japan. bank channel sales contributed 8.9% of aflac japan new annualized premium sales in 2016, compared with 14.9% in 2015 and 21.5% in 2014.
46
japan post has expanded the number of post offices that offer aflac's cancer insurance products from 10,000 in the fourth quarter of 2014 to more than 20,000 postal outlets as of july 2015. we believe this alliance with japan post has and will further benefit our cancer insurance sales.
japanese regulatory environment in june 2013, a revision to the financial instruments and exchange act established a post-funded orderly resolution regime for financial institutions to prevent a financial crisis in the event of a financial institution's failure. this regime came into effect in march 2014 and has not had, and is not expected to have, a material impact on the company's operations in japan.
aflac japan investments the level of investment income in yen is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, the effect of yen/dollar exchange rates on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income, and other factors.
as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac japan invests in u.s. dollar-denominated investments. aflac japan has been investing in both publicly-traded and privately originated u.s. dollar-denominated investment grade and below investment grade fixed-maturity securities and loans, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of a portion of the u.s. dollar investments. in 2015, aflac japan increased its allocation to u.s. dollar-denominated investments, including senior secured bank loans and high yield corporate bonds, and initiated a commercial mortgage loan investment program. in 2016, aflac japan began investing in senior secured commercial mortgage loans and middle market loans, and later during the fourth quarter initiated an infrastructure debt program. in 2016, aflac japan invested an additional $535 million in bank loans, $750 million in commercial mortgage loans, $76 million in middle market loans, and $13 million in infrastructure debt. as of december 31, 2016, aflac japan had $19 million and $476 million in outstanding commitments to fund commercial mortgage loans and middle market loans, respectively. these commitments are contingent upon final underwriting and due diligence to be performed on the commercial mortgage loans and the availability of middle market loans that meet underwriting criteria. in addition, starting in the first quarter of 2016, aflac japan initiated an allocation to a dividend-focused u.s. public equity securities program. in 2016, aflac japan invested $637 million in u.s. public equities, which are classified as available for sale and carried on the balance sheet at fair value. beginning in the third quarter of 2016, the company began hedging the currency risk on the carrying value of u.s. dollar-denominated bank loans, commercial mortgage loans, and equity securities through the use of foreign currency forwards.
our yen-denominated private placement portfolio has declined over the last several years as a result of call and maturity activity and no reinvestment activity. however, beginning in 2016 we began to selectively purchase yen-denominated private placements, which resulted in $268 million of purchases for the full year.
starting in 2015, aflac japan added investments in dividend-focused yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities, including investments in exchange traded funds (etfs) holding japan real estate investment trusts. in 2016, aflac japan invested $258 million in yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities, which are classified as available for sale and carried on the balance sheet at fair value.
see the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for further discussion of these investment programs, and see notes 1, 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding loans and loan receivables.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. aflac japan purchased debt security investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately 1.0 trillion yen in 2016 (approximately $9.1 billion), 663.6 billion yen in 2015 (approximately $5.5 billion) and 1.0 trillion yen in 2014 (approximately $10.0 billion).
the following table presents the results of aflac japan's investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
47
2016(1)          2015(1)          2014(1)
new money yield (2)                                                                 1.40   %         2.89     %       2.07     %
return on average invested assets, net of investment expenses (3)                   2.68             2.80             2.80
portfolio book yield, including dollar-denominated investments, end of period (2)   2.62   %         2.80     %       2.83     %
(1) yields are reported before the cost of foreign currency forwards that hedge foreign exchange risk of u.s. dollar-denominated publicly traded corporate bonds.
(2) includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, and equities
(3) number reflected on a quarterly average basis on january 1, 2016, the company revised its definition of purchases to include the reinvestment of proceeds related to unplanned sale activity. new purchases include all purchases related to fixed maturities and perpetuals, loan receivables, and equities. securities lending/repurchase agreement activity and capital contributions to alternatives are excluded. the definition of new money yield has also been revised to reflect this change. yields for equities are based on the assumed dividend yield at the time of purchase. historical amounts have been revised to reflect the new definitions.
the decrease in the aflac japan new money yield in 2016 was primarily due to the increased allocation to japan government bonds (jgbs) and other high quality yen-denominated investments, as well as lower u.s. and japan interest rates during much of the investment period.
the following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for aflac japan ($91.9 billion in 2016 and $85.1 billion in 2015) as of december 31.
composition of portfolio by sector
2016                                                               2015
debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:
banks/financial institutions(1)                       9.6   %      11.5   %
government and agencies                              47.4          43.8
municipalities                                         .9            .8
public utilities                                      8.3           8.9
sovereign and supranational                           3.9           4.1
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                 1.3            .5
other corporate(2)                                   24.8          28.6
total debt and perpetual securities                  96.2          98.2
equity securities                                     1.2            .5
other investments                                     1.1            .2
cash and cash equivalents                             1.5           1.1
total investments and cash                          100.0   %     100.0   %
(1)includes 1.4% and 1.9% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively
(2)includes .2% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively our highest sector concentration is in government and agencies. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of md&a for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments.
yen-denominated debt and perpetual securities accounted for 76.1% of aflac japan's total debt and perpetual securities at december 31, 2016, compared with 72.8% at december 31, 2015, at amortized cost.
the overall credit quality of aflac japan's investments remained high. at the end of 2016, 94.8% of aflac japan's debt and perpetual securities were rated investment grade, on an amortized cost basis.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for additional information on our investments and hedging strategies.
48
aflac u.s. segment aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings changes in aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
aflac u.s. summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                2016                2015                2014
net premium income                                     $5,454              $5,347              $5,211
net investment income                                     703                 678                 645
other income                                               10                   8                   3
total operating revenues                                6,167               6,033               5,859
benefits and claims                                     2,869               2,873               2,853
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs         497                 488                 459
insurance commissions                                     580                 585                 590
insurance and other expenses                            1,013                 986                 884
total operating expenses                                2,090               2,059               1,933
total benefits and expenses                             4,959               4,932               4,786
pretax operating earnings(1)                           $1,208              $1,101              $1,073
percentage change over previous period:
net premium income                                        2.0   %             2.6   %             1.1   %
net investment income                                     3.8                 5.0                 2.1
total operating revenues                                  2.2                 3.0                 1.2
pretax operating earnings(1)                              9.7                 2.7                 3.3
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
annualized premiums in force increased 2.4% in 2016, 1.6% in 2015 and 1.8% in 2014. annualized premiums in force at december 31 were $5.9 billion in 2016, compared with $5.8 billion in 2015 and $5.7 billion in 2014.
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total revenues:                                2016          2015          2014
benefits and claims                                 46.5   %       47.6   %      48.7   %
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    8.1            8.1           7.8
insurance commissions                                9.4            9.7          10.1
insurance and other expenses                        16.4           16.3          15.1
total operating expenses                            33.9           34.1          33.0
pretax operating earnings(1)                        19.6           18.3          18.3
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
the benefit ratio decreased in 2016, compared with 2015, due to a mix of business changes and continued favorable claims experience. the operating expense ratio remained relatively stable in 2016, compared with 2015. in total, the pretax operating profit margin improved in 2016, compared with 2015, due to lower benefit ratios. in 2017, we expect the benefit and expense ratios to remain relatively stable.
49
aflac u.s. sales the following table presents aflac's u.s. new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                     2016                2015                2014
new annualized premium sales               $1,482               $1,487              $1,433
increase (decrease) over prior period         (.3   )%             3.7   %              .7   %
the following table details the contributions to new annualized premium sales by major insurance product category for the years ended december 31.
2016                                            2015          2014
income-loss protection:
short-term disability      23.5   %       23.2     %      22.4   %
life                        5.1            5.2             5.8
asset-loss protection:
accident                   29.5           29.9            28.1
critical care (1)          22.1           21.9            21.4
supplemental medical:
hospital indemnity         14.8           14.6            16.4
dental/vision               5.0            5.2             5.9
total                     100.0   %           100.0%     100.0   %
(1) includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products new annualized premium sales for accident insurance, our leading product category, decreased 1.5%, short-term disability sales increased .9%, critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance) increased .4%, and hospital indemnity insurance sales increased .7% in 2016, compared with 2015.
the addition of group products has expanded our reach and enabled us to generate more sales opportunities with larger employers, brokers, and our traditional sales agents. we anticipate that the appeal of our group products will continue to enhance our opportunities to connect with larger businesses and their employees. our portfolio of group and individual products offers businesses the opportunity to give their employees a more valuable and comprehensive selection of benefit options.
in 2016, our traditional u.s. sales forces included more than 9,000 u.s. associates who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. we believe that the average weekly producer equivalent metric allows our sales management to monitor progress and needs. in 2016, sales through employers with less than 100 workers were relatively flat. in 2017, we will continue to focus our career sales agents on selling to this segment.
beyond expanding the size and capabilities of our traditional sales force, we remain encouraged about establishing and developing relationships with insurance brokers that typically handle the larger-case market. broker sales to groups with 1,000 or more employees experienced double-digit percentage growth in 2016.
we believe that changes we have made to our career and broker management infrastructure since 2014 have provided a platform for expanded long-term growth opportunities. during 2014, aflac u.s. implemented tactical initiatives centered around providing competitive compensation to our career agent sales hierarchy and positioning us to more effectively and consistently execute on the u.s. sales strategy across all states. these measures were designed to more effectively link sales management's success to aflac's success. for example, we enhanced compensation through an incentive bonus for the first level of our sales management, district sales coordinators, who are primarily responsible for selling aflac products and training new sales associates. additionally, we eliminated the commission-based position of state sales coordinator. to better manage our state operations, we introduced the new position of market director, effective october 1, 2014. market directors are salaried with the opportunity to earn sales-related bonuses. we believe these changes have enhanced and will continue to enhance performance management and better align compensation with new business results.
50
one day paysm is a claims initiative that we have focused on at aflac u.s. to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day. we believe that this claims practice enhances our brand reputation and the trust our policyholders have in aflac, and it helps aflac stand out from competitors.
our products provide cash benefits that can be used to help with increasing out-of-pocket medical expenses, help cover household costs, or protect against income and asset loss. our group products and relationships with insurance brokers that handle the larger-case market are helping us as we expand our reach selling to larger businesses. we are regularly evaluating the marketplace to identify opportunities to bring the most relevant, cost-effective products to our customers. we believe the need for our products remains very strong, and we continue to work on enhancing our distribution capabilities to access employers of all sizes, including initiatives that benefit our field force and the broker community. at the same time, we are seeking opportunities to leverage our brand strength and attractive product portfolio in the evolving health care environment.
u.s. regulatory environment the affordable care act (aca), federal health care reform legislation, is intended to give americans of all ages and income levels access to comprehensive major medical health insurance and gave the u.s. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance. the reform included major changes to the u.s. health care insurance marketplace. among other changes, the reform legislation included an individual medical insurance coverage mandate, provided for penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, created health insurance exchanges, and addressed coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. it also imposed an excise tax on certain high cost plans, known as the "cadillac tax," that is currently scheduled to begin in 2020. the legislation also included changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. at this time it is unclear whether implementation of the aca will continue. while the aca was enacted in 2010, the major elements of the law became effective on january 1, 2014. we believe that the aca, as enacted, does not require material changes in the design of our insurance products. however, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations.
title vii of the dodd-frank act and regulations issued thereunder, in particular rules to require central clearing and collateral for certain types of derivatives, may have an impact on aflac's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of aflac japan. in 2015 and 2016, six u.s. financial regulators, including the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc), issued final rules that impose greater obligations on swap dealers regarding uncleared swaps with certain counterparties, such as aflac. such rules, as well as similar regulations in europe, become effective on march 1, 2017 and may result in more stringent collateral requirements or affect other aspects of aflac's derivatives activity.
the dodd-frank act also established a federal insurance office (fio) under the u.s. treasury department to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance. traditionally, u.s. insurance companies have been regulated primarily by state insurance departments. in december 2013, the fio released a report entitled "how to modernize and improve the system of insurance regulation in the united states." the report was required by the dodd-frank act, and included 18 recommended areas of near-term reform for the states, including addressing capital adequacy and safety/soundness issues, reform of insurer resolution practices, and reform of marketplace regulation. the report also listed nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation. some of the recommendations outlined in the fio report released in december 2013 have been implemented. the national association of registered agents and brokers reform act, signed into law in january 2015, simplifies the agent and broker licensing process across state lines. the fio has also engaged with the supervisory colleges to monitor financial stability and identify regulatory gaps for large national and internationally active insurers. the new presidential administration in the united states and congress have stated proposals to reform or repeal certain provisions of the dodd-frank act. we cannot predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, such proposals will have on our u.s. business, financial condition, or results of operations.
under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, we are subject to assessments, based on the share of business we write in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. in the united states, some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. the company's policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile's statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. in most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction.
51
penn treaty network company and its subsidiary american network insurance company (collectively referred to as penn treaty) is a financially distressed long-term care insurance company, with no affiliation to us. penn treaty was placed in rehabilitation on january 6, 2009, and remained in rehabilitation as of december 31, 2016. under state laws, health insurers will be assessed a share of the guarantee funds needed to protect penn treaty's policyholders. this charge will be funded over several years and the cash will be largely recovered through premium tax credits over time. current accounting practice only allows this charge to be recognized when a final court order of liquidation is declared, a condition that had not been met as of december 31, 2016. we expect to accrue a charge of between $10 million and $20 million, in future periods, for our portion of the assessment.
aflac u.s. investments the level of investment income is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, and other factors.
historically, aflac u.s. has invested primarily in investment grade corporate bonds. in 2015, as part of the company's portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. purchased high yield corporate bonds and senior secured middle market loan receivables and initiated a senior secured commercial mortgage loan investment program. in addition, in the fourth quarter of 2016, aflac u.s. initiated an infrastructure debt program. in 2016, aflac u.s. invested $18 million in high yield corporate bonds; $207 million in middle market loan receivables, of which $41 million was unfunded; $111 million in commercial mortgage loans; and $2 million in infrastructure debt. as of december 31, 2016, the company had $303 million in outstanding commitments to fund potential future loan originations related to the middle market loan investment program. this commitment is contingent upon the availability of middle market loans that meet underwriting criteria. see notes 1 and 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding loans and loans receivables.
starting in the first quarter of 2016, the company initiated an allocation to dividend-focused u.s. public equity securities. the u.s. public equity securities portfolio had a cost basis of $155 million as of december 31, 2016.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. aflac u.s. purchased debt, equity, and loan receivable investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately $1.1 billion in 2016, compared with $900 million in 2015 and $1.0 billion in 2014.
the following table presents the results of aflac's u.s. investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
2016                                                                                  2015          2014
new money yield (1)                                                 3.89   %      4.45   %      4.32   %
return on average invested assets, net of investment expenses (2)   5.04          5.19          5.46
portfolio book yield, end of period (1)                             5.60   %      5.77   %      5.89   %
(1) includes fixed maturities and perpetual securities, loan receivables, and equities
(2) number reflected on a quarterly average basis the decrease in the aflac u.s. new money yield in 2016 was primarily due to lower u.s. interest rates during much of the investment period.
the following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for aflac u.s. ($14.1 billion in 2016 and $13.7 billion in 2015) as of december 31.
52
composition of portfolio by sector
2016                                                                   2015
debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:
banks/financial institutions(1)                       9.8   %      10.4   %
government and agencies                                .6            .7
municipalities                                        4.8           5.1
public utilities                                     15.9          16.9
sovereign and supranational                           1.4           1.4
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                  .3            .3
other corporate                                      53.7          52.0
total debt and perpetual securities                  86.5          86.8
equity securities                                      .8            .0
other investments(2)                                  2.6           1.3
cash and cash equivalents                            10.1          11.9
total investments and cash                          100.0   %     100.0   %
(1) includes .3% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(2) includes 2.5% and .9% of loan receivables at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of md&a for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments.
other operations corporate operating expenses consist primarily of personnel compensation, benefits, reinsurance retrocession activities, and facilities expenses. corporate expenses, excluding investment and retrocession income, were $141 million in 2016, $90 million in 2015 and $91 million in 2014. investment income included in reported corporate expenses was $18 million in 2016, $22 million in 2015 and $13 million in 2014, and net retrocession income was $7 million in 2016 and 2015.
analysis of financial condition our financial condition has remained strong in the functional currencies of our operations. the yen/dollar exchange rate at the end of each period is used to translate yen-denominated balance sheet items to u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
the following table demonstrates the effect of the change in the yen/dollar exchange rate by comparing select balance sheet items as reported at december 31, 2016, with the amounts that would have been reported had the exchange rate remained unchanged from december 31, 2015.
impact of foreign exchange on balance sheet items
(in millions)                       as                         exchange                net of reported                   effect                  exchange effect(1)
yen/dollar exchange rate(2)         116.49                                             120.61
investments and cash                        $116,361                  $2,522                    $113,839
deferred policy acquisition costs              8,993           197                                 8,796
policy liabilities                            93,726                   2,853                      90,873
(1)amounts excluding foreign currency changes on u.s. dollar-denominated items (a non-u.s. gaap measure) were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current period as the comparable period in the prior year.
(2)the exchange rate at december 31, 2016, was 116.49 yen to one dollar, or 3.5% stronger than the december 31, 2015, exchange rate of 120.61.
53
investments our investment philosophy is to fulfill our fiduciary responsibility to invest assets in a prudent manner to meet the present and future needs of our policyholders' contractual obligations while maximizing the long-term financial return on assets consistent with the company goal of maximizing long-term shareholder value with defined risk appetites, limits, and maintaining adequate liquidity.
the following table details investment securities by segment as of december 31.
investment securities by segment (1)
aflac japan                              aflac u.s.
(in millions)                                              2016                2015                2016                2015
securities available for sale, at fair value:
fixed maturities                                    $59,903             $52,304             $13,250             $12,522
perpetual securities                                  1,577               1,890                  56                  57
equity securities                                     1,185                 493                 124                   5
total available for sale                             62,665              54,687              13,430              12,584
securities held to maturity, at amortized cost:
fixed maturities                                     33,350              33,459                   0                   0
total held to maturity                               33,350              33,459                   0                   0
total investment securities                         $96,015             $88,146             $13,430             $12,584
(1)excludes available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities held by the parent company and other business segments of $607 in 2016 and$523 in 2015.
other investments primarily consisted of loan receivables that are recorded at amortized cost on the acquisition date and are carried at adjusted amortized cost. the adjusted amortized cost of the loan receivables reflects allowances for expected incurred losses estimated based on past events and current economic conditions as of each reporting date. see the loans and loan receivables section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these investments.
cash and cash equivalents totaled $4.9 billion, or 4.2% of total investments and cash, as of december 31, 2016, compared with $4.4 billion, or 4.1%, at december 31, 2015. for a discussion of the factors affecting our cash balance, see the operating activities, investing activities and financing activities subsections of this md&a.
for additional information concerning our investments, see notes 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the ratings of our securities referenced in the table below are based on the ratings designations provided by major nrsros (moody's, s&p and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal analysis of such securities. for investment-grade securities where the ratings assigned by the major credit agencies are not equivalent, we use the second lowest rating that is assigned. for a description of the ratings methodology that we use when a security is below investment grade or split-rated, see "investments, below-investment-grade and split-rated securities" in the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a.
the distributions of debt and perpetual securities we own, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
54
composition of securities portfolio by credit rating
2016                                     2015
amortized                 fair           amortized                 fair cost                value                cost                value aaa               2.0    %               1.9   %           1.3    %               1.3   %
aa                5.0                    5.0               5.7                    5.7
a                63.1                   65.2              61.0                   63.0
bbb              24.6                   23.2              26.9                   25.1
bb or lower       5.3                    4.7               5.1                    4.9
total           100.0    %             100.0   %         100.0    %             100.0   %
as of december 31, 2016, our direct and indirect exposure to securities in our investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
the following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in our portfolio as of december 31, 2016.
(in millions)                          credit                    amortized                fair   unrealized rating                         cost               value   loss diamond offshore drilling inc.              bb                $141                 $96                   $(45    )
noble holdings international ltd.           b                   98                  68                    (30    )
deutsche postbank ag                        bb                 206                 179                    (27    )
investcorp capital limited                  bb                 368                 346                    (22    )
axa(1)                                      bbb                282                 263                    (19    )
national oilwell varco inc.                 bbb                 97                  79                    (18    )
kommunal lanspensjonskasse (klp) (1)        bbb                210                 193                    (17    )
baker hughes inc.                           bbb                122                 107                    (15    )
transocean inc.                             b                   72                  57                    (15    )
bank of america corp.                       bbb                386                 371                    (15    )
(1) includes perpetual security generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. at times in 2016, market volatility was at elevated levels, especially in the energy and commodity-related sectors.  as we believe these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest, we view these changes in fair value to be temporary and do not believe it is necessary to impair the carrying value of these securities. see the unrealized investment gains and losses section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions, including perpetual securities, and other corporate investments.
securities by type of issuance we have investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. our ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer.
the following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of december 31.
55
investment securities by type of issuance
2016                                                 2015
(in millions)                                    amortized                         fair               amortized                         fair cost                        value                    cost                        value publicly issued securities:
fixed maturities                           $75,406                      $86,132                 $68,528                      $74,933
perpetual securities                            51                           75                      77                          111
equity securities                            1,196                        1,300                     473                          489
total publicly issued                       76,653                       87,507                  69,078                       75,533
privately issued securities: (1)
fixed maturities                            24,307                       27,649                  25,573                       27,936
perpetual securities                         1,455                        1,558                   1,764                        1,836
equity securities                                7                            9                       7                            9
total privately issued                      25,769                       29,216                  27,344                       29,781
total investment securities               $102,422                     $116,723                 $96,422                     $105,314
(1) includes rule 144a securities the perpetual securities we hold were largely issued by banks that are integral to the financial markets of the sovereign country of the issuer. as a result of the issuer's position within the economy of the sovereign country, our perpetual securities may be subject to a higher risk of nationalization of their issuers in connection with capital injections from an issuer's sovereign government. we cannot be assured that such capital support will extend to all levels of an issuer's capital structure. in addition, certain governments or regulators may consider imposing interest and principal payment restrictions on issuers of hybrid securities to preserve cash and preserve the issuer's capital. beyond the cash flow impact that additional deferrals would have on our portfolio, such deferrals could result in ratings downgrades of the affected securities, which in turn could result in a reduction of fair value of the securities and increase our regulatory capital requirements. we consider these factors in our credit review process.
the following table details our privately issued investment securities as of december 31.
privately issued securities
(amortized cost, in millions)                                                         2016                2015
privately issued securities as a percentage of total investment securities        25.2   %            28.4   %
privately issued securities held by aflac japan                                $23,104             $24,602
privately issued securities held by aflac japan as a percentage of total          22.6   %            25.5   %
investment securities reverse-dual currency securities(1)
(amortized cost, in millions)                                                        2016                2015
privately issued reverse-dual currency securities                              $5,628              $5,372
publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities       1,349               1,303
total reverse-dual currency securities                                         $6,977              $6,675
reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment              6.8   %             6.9   %
securities
(1)principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars aflac japan has a portfolio of privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds. aflac japan's investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-japanese issuers, are rated investment grade at purchase and have longer maturities, thereby allowing us to improve our asset/liability matching and our overall investment returns. these securities are generally either privately negotiated arrangements or issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. many of these investments
56
have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. these may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of our notes.
below-investment-grade and split-rated securities we use specific criteria to judge the credit quality of both existing and prospective investments. the ratings referenced in the tables below are based on the ratings designations provided by the major credit rating agencies (moody's, s&p, and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal credit analysis of such securities. when the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, we utilize the second lowest rating, regardless of how many of the three rating agencies actually rated the instrument. split-rated securities are those where the ratings are not equivalent and one or more of the ratings is investment grade and one or more is below investment grade. for these split-rated securities, if there are only two ratings assigned by the credit rating agencies, we take the lower below-investment-grade rating. if there are three ratings assigned, and two of the three are below investment grade, we consider it a below-investment-grade security. if there are three ratings and two are investment grade, we consider it an investment grade security unless our evaluation and assessment shows a below-investment-grade rating is warranted despite two of the three rating agencies rating it investment grade.
our portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. the following is our below-investment-grade exposure in accordance with the above described rating methodology as of december 31.
57
below-investment-grade securities (1)
2016                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2015
(in millions)                             parvalue            amortizedcost             fairvalue           unrealizedgain(loss)             parvalue            amortizedcost             fairvalue           unrealizedgain(loss)
investcorp capital limited               $368                   $368                   $346                        $(22        )            $357                   $357                   $324                        $(33        )
republic of tunisia                       318                    191                    264                          73                      307                    185                    243                          58
navient corp.                             287                    152                    197                          45                      279                    148                    155                           7
klm royal dutch airlines (2)              257                    189                    213                          24                      249                    183                    205                          22
barclays bank plc (2)                     236                    152                    221                          69                      230                    148                    228                          80
deutsche postbank ag                      206                    206                    179                         (27        )             199                    199                    175                         (24        )
upm-kymmene                               180                    178                    188                          10                      257                    257                    252                          (5        )
telecom italia spa                        172                    172                    212                          40                      166                    166                    214                          48
generalitat de catalunya                  154                     57                    111                          54                      149                     55                    126                          71
diamond offshore drilling inc.            124                    141                     96                         (45        )               *                      *                      *                           *
ikb deutsche industriebank ag             112                     47                     91                          44                      108                     46                     79                          33
alcoa, inc.                               100                     80                     97                          17                      100                     77                     81                           4
noble holdings international ltd.          95                     98                     68                         (30        )               *                      *                      *                           *
petrobras international                    91                     90                     83                          (7        )              91                     88                     64                         (24        )
finance company emc corp.                                  85                     86                     76                         (10        )               *                      *                      *                           *
cenovus energy inc.                        75                     78                     71                          (7        )               *                      *                      *                           *
teck resources ltd.                        70                     73                     66                          (7        )              70                     69                     32                         (37        )
transocean inc.                            68                     72                     57                         (15        )              68                     71                     38                         (33        )
cf industries inc.                         60                     59                     54                          (5        )               *                      *                      *                           *
votorantim overseastrading                 50                     49                     54                           5                        *                      *                      *                           *
iv ltd.
weatherford bermuda                        49                     49                     39                         (10        )              94                     92                     70                         (22        )
eskom holdings limited                     35                     35                     35                           0                       50                     50                     43                          (7        )
commerzbank ag (includes                    *                      *                      *                           *                      332                    213                    321                         108
dresdner bank)
depfa bank plc                              0                      0                      0                           0                      166                    166                    166                           0
societe generale (2)                        0                      0                      0                           0                       83                     61                     73                          12
other issuers (below $50 million          249                    237                    235                          (2        )             333                    306                    277                         (29        )
in par value) (3)
subtotal (4)                            3,441                  2,859                  3,053                         194                    3,688                  2,937                  3,166                         229
senior secured bank loans (5)           1,758                  1,855                  1,764                         (91        )           1,400                  1,327                  1,362                          35
high yield corporate bonds (6)            614                    602                    624                          22                      609                    621                    581                         (40        )
grand total                            $5,813                 $5,316                 $5,441                        $125                   $5,697                 $4,885                 $5,109                        $224
* investment grade at respective reporting date
(1) excludes middle market loan portfolio which are primarily identified as below investment grade
(2) includes perpetual security
(3) includes 13 issuers in 2016 and 15 issuers in 2015
(4) securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade
(5) includes 197 issuers in 2016 and 201 in 2015; all issuers below $40 million in par value
(6) includes 62 issuers in 2016 and 57 issuers in 2015; all issuers below $25 million in par value we invest in senior secured bank loans and middle market loans primarily to u.s. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. the bank loan and middle market loan investment programs are managed externally by third party firms specializing in this asset class and require a minimum average portfolio rating of low bb and a minimum single investment rating of low b from one of the nrsros. the objectives of these programs include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates and hedge costs through the acquisition of floating rate assets. our investments in these programs totaled $2.3 billion at december 31, 2016, compared with $1.5 billion at december 31, 2015, on an amortized cost basis.
58
in 2015 and continuing into 2016, we began increasing our allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds within the aflac japan and aflac u.s. portfolios. most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but we also purchased several that were rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. the objective of this allocation was to enhance our yield on invested assets and further diversify our credit risk. all investments must have a minimum rating of low bb using our above described rating methodology and are managed by our internal credit portfolio management team.
excluding the senior secured bank loans and certain high yield corporate bonds discussed above that were rated below investment grade when initially purchased, below-investment-grade debt and perpetual securities represented 2.8% of total debt and perpetual securities at december 31, 2016, compared with 3.1% at december 31, 2015, on an amortized cost basis. debt and perpetual securities classified as below investment grade at december 31, 2016 and 2015 were generally reported as available for sale and carried at fair value.
investments in certain european countries we own debt of various european issuers including corporate and government-related borrowers. most european countries have seen improvement in their economies since the european debt crisis which has helped stabilized credit quality among european issuers. to support sustainable economic growth, the ecb in 2015 launched a quantitative easing (qe) stimulus program that was recently extended to december 2017, with reduced purchases to start in april 2017.
the 2016 referendum in the united kingdom (uk) in favor of the uk withdrawing from the european union (eu) (brexit) has added a new level of uncertainty to europe's economic recovery, although financial markets have stabilized after initially reacting to brexit with increased volatility. we cannot estimate the ultimate impact of brexit, which may include changes to the economies of the uk and other eu countries, policy action by the uk government, the bank of england, the eu, or the ecb, or an increase in economic isolationism throughout europe and the rest of the world.
we continue to monitor the european situation closely. additionally, some of our european fixed-maturity investments contain covenants that we believe mitigate our risk. these may include put options that allow us to return our holdings to the issuer at a predetermined price, usually par, should the issuer be downgraded to below investment grade by a rating agency. additionally, these covenants may include restrictions on the ability of the issuer to incur additional debt, sell assets, or provide collateral for indebtedness. as of december 31, 2016, all of the european issuers in our portfolios were current on their obligations to us, and we believe they have the ability to meet their obligations to us.
oil and gas exposure as a result of the significant decline in oil prices, which began in the fourth quarter of 2014, there has been heightened attention to certain investments in the various energy sub-sectors related to the oil and gas industry. although prices have recovered somewhat from the lows, the sector continues to operate in a period of lower prices and increased volatility. our portfolio includes holdings diversified across multiple sub-sectors of the oil and gas industry, spread among multiple geographies. the following tables show the breakout of our exposure to the oil and gas industry as of december 31.
59
2016
cost or                       gross                       gross                   fair amortized                  unrealized                  unrealized                  value cost                       gains                      losses
(in millions)
securities available for sale, carried at fair value:
fixed maturities:
independent exploration and production          $1,112                      $122                         $27                       $1,207
integrated energy                                  568                        63                          15                          616
midstream                                        1,157                       146                          21                        1,282
oil field services                               1,016                        35                         143                          908
refiners                                           390                        18                           5                          403
government owned - energy related                  893                       204                          10                        1,087
natural gas utilities                              410                        79                           3                          486
total fixed maturities                           5,546                       667                         224                        5,989
equity securities:
integrated energy                                   30                         1                           0                           31
midstream                                            5                         1                           0                            6
refiners                                             5                         1                           0                            6
natural gas utilities                                2                         0                           0                            2
total equity securities                             42                         3                           0                           45
total securities available for sale              5,588                       670                         224                        6,034
securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:
fixed maturities:
integrated energy                                  223                        15                           0                          238
government owned - energy related                  258                        21                           0                          279
natural gas utilities                              215                        25                           0                          240
total fixed maturities                             696                        61                           0                          757
total securities held to maturity                  696                        61                           0                          757
total securities available for sale             $6,284                      $731                        $224                       $6,791
and held to maturity
60
2015
cost or                       gross                       gross                   fair amortized                  unrealized                  unrealized                  value cost                       gains                      losses
(in millions)
securities available for sale, carried at fair value:
fixed maturities:
independent exploration and production          $1,270                       $73                        $139                       $1,204
integrated energy                                  575                        55                          27                          603
midstream                                        1,246                        76                         144                        1,178
oil field services                               1,155                        27                         228                          954
refiners                                           460                         6                          30                          436
government owned - energy related                  887                       182                          25                        1,044
natural gas utilities                              344                        53                           1                          396
total fixed maturities                           5,937                       472                         594                        5,815
equity securities                                    3                         0                           0                            3
total securities available for sale              5,940                       472                         594                        5,818
securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:
fixed maturities:
integrated energy                                  242                         9                           0                          251
government owned - energy related                  249                         5                           0                          254
natural gas utilities                              207                        18                           0                          225
total fixed maturities                             698                        32                           0                          730
total securities held to maturity                  698                        32                           0                          730
total securities available for sale             $6,638                      $504                        $594                       $6,548
and held to maturity as of december 31, 2016, the weighted-average rating of our total fixed maturity energy exposure is bbb, and 88% of our exposure to the oil and gas industry was investment grade, compared to 93% at december 31, 2015. further declines in oil and gas prices, unexpected increases in supply, or other company specific situations could lead to additional negative ratings activity from the public rating agencies for energy credit issuers. we do not currently expect our investments in the energy sector to have a material impact on our results of operations.
hedging activities net investment hedge our primary exposure to be hedged is our investment in aflac japan, which is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. to mitigate this exposure, we have taken several courses of action. first, aflac japan maintains certain unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of our investment in aflac japan. second, we have designated the majority of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities (samurai and uridashi notes) as non-derivative hedging instruments and certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of our net investment in aflac japan. we make our net investment hedge designation at the beginning of each quarter. if the total of the designated parent company non-derivative and derivatives notional is equal to or less than our net investment in aflac japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. we estimate that if the designated net investment hedge positions exceeded our net investment in aflac japan by 10 billion yen, we would report a foreign exchange gain/loss of approximately $1 million for every 1% yen weakening/strengthening in the end-of-period yen/dollar exchange rate. our net investment hedge was effective during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the yen net asset figure calculated for hedging purposes differs from the yen-denominated net asset position as discussed in the currency risk subsection of md&a. as disclosed in that subsection, the consolidation of the underlying assets in certain vies requires that we derecognize our yen-denominated investment in the vie and recognize the
61
underlying fixed-maturity or perpetual securities and cross-currency swaps. while these u.s. dollar investments will create foreign currency fluctuations, the combination of the u.s. dollar-denominated investment and the cross-currency swap economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in aflac japan. similarly, the combination of the u.s. corporate bonds and the foreign currency forwards and options that we have entered into, as discussed in the aflac japan investment subsection of md&a, economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in aflac japan.
the dollar values of our yen-denominated net assets, including economic yen-denominated investments for net investment hedging purposes as discussed above, are summarized as follows (translated at end-of-period exchange rates) for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                           2016                  2015
aflac japan net assets                                       $16,215                  $13,558
aflac japan unhedged dollar-denominated net assets            (9,694   )               (8,111   )
consolidated yen-denominated net assets (liabilities)         $6,521                   $5,447
for the hedge of our net investment in aflac japan, we have designated certain of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities, certain unhedged u.s. dollar investments and foreign currency forwards and options as a hedge of our net investment in aflac japan. our consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2016, compared with $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2015.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our hedging activities.
deferred policy acquisition costs the following table presents deferred policy acquisition costs by segment for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)            2016   2015                       % change aflac japan        $5,765              $5,370            7.4      %   (1)
aflac u.s.          3,228               3,141            2.8
total              $8,993              $8,511            5.7      %
(1) aflac japan's deferred policy acquisition costs increased 3.7% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2016.
see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our deferred policy acquisition costs.
policy liabilities the following table presents policy liabilities by segment for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                            2016                2015             % change aflac japan                       $84,141             $78,460               7.2      %   (1)
aflac u.s.                         10,212               9,815               4.0
other                                  91                  43             100.0
intercompany eliminations (2)        (718   )            (687   )        (100.0      )
total                             $93,726             $87,631               7.0      %
(1) aflac japan's policy liabilities increased 3.6% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2016.
(2) elimination entry necessary due to recapture of a portion of policy liabilities ceded externally, as a result of the reinsurance retrocession transaction as described in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our policy liabilities.
62
notes payable as of january 1, 2016, we adopted updated accounting guidance related to the presentation of debt issuance costs and have reclassified debt issuance costs related to a debt liability as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. prior year amounts have been adjusted to reflect the current year adoption. see note 1 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
notes payable totaled $5.4 billion at december 31, 2016, compared with $5.0 billion at december 31, 2015.
in september 2016, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $700 million through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $300 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.875% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 10-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $400 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 30-year maturity.
in september 2016, the parent company entered into two series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling 30.0 billion yen. the first series, which totaled 5.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to the tokyo interbank market rate (tibor), or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the second series, which totaled 25.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.
in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million ($89 million after-tax, or $.21 per diluted share).
in september 2016, we extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate uridashi notes upon their maturity and in july 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate samurai notes upon their maturity.
subsequent to december 31, 2016, in january 2017 the parent company issued 60.0 billion yen of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the notes bear interest at a fixed rate of .932% per annum, payable semi-annually, and have a 10-year maturity. these notes may only be redeemed before maturity, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of certain changes affecting u.s. taxation, as specified in the indenture governing the terms of the issuance.
see note 9 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our notes payable.
benefit plans aflac japan and aflac u.s. have various benefit plans. for additional information on our japanese and u.s. plans, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder protection the japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. legislation enacted regarding the framework of the life insurance policyholder protection corporation (lippc) included government fiscal measures supporting the lippc. on march 30, 2012, the diet approved legislation to enhance the stability of the lippc by extending the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2017. on november 25, 2016, japan's diet passed legislation that again extends the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2022. effective april 2014, the annual lippc contribution amount for the total life industry was lowered from 40 billion yen to 33 billion yen.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016, we had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on material unconditional purchase obligations that are not recorded on our balance sheet.
63
capital resources and liquidity aflac provides the primary sources of liquidity to the parent company through dividends and management fees. the following table presents the amounts provided for the years ended december 31.
liquidity provided by aflac to parent company
(in millions)                                  2016                2015                2014
dividends declared or paid by aflac      $2,000              $2,393              $1,473
management fees paid by aflac               260                 255                 267
the primary uses of cash by the parent company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock and interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses. the parent company's sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable and are not expected to change materially in the future. for additional information, see the financing activities subsection of this md&a.
the parent company also accesses debt security markets to provide additional sources of capital. in august 2016, we filed a shelf registration statement with japanese regulatory authorities that allows us to conduct public offerings of bonds in japan, including yen-denominated samurai notes, up to 200 billion yen or its equivalent through august 2018. the shelf registration statement is for possible public offerings in japan, but the bonds issued under the shelf may be transferred by the bondholders to u.s. persons in compliance with u.s. law. we filed a shelf registration statement with the sec in may 2015 that allows us to issue an indefinite amount of senior and subordinated debt, in one or more series, from time to time until may 2018. we believe outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. for additional information, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the principal sources of cash for our insurance operations are premiums and investment income. the primary uses of cash by our insurance operations are investments, policy claims, commissions, operating expenses, income taxes and payments to the parent company for management fees and dividends. both the sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable.
when making an investment decision, our first consideration is based on product needs. our investment objectives provide for liquidity through the purchase of investment-grade debt securities. these objectives also take into account duration matching, and because of the long-term nature of our business, we have adequate time to react to changing cash flow needs.
as a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments. we expect our future cash flows from premiums and our investment portfolio to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for benefits and expenses.
in october 2016, the parent company and aflac jointly entered into a 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of $100 million. borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period. there are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. borrowings under the financing agreement will mature no later than three months after the last drawdown date of october 14, 2017. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our $100 million credit agreement.
in march 2016, the parent company entered into a three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a group of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 100.0 billion yen on a revolving basis. borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the tibor plus, at our option, either (a) the applicable tibor margin during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date or (b) the applicable tibor margin during the term out period. the applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75% during the period from the closing date to the commitment termination date and .70% and 1.50% during the term out period, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. in addition, the parent company is required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between .30% and .50%, also based on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the parent company, and will expire on the earlier of (a) march 31, 2019, or (b) the date the commitments
64
are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. the credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our 100.0 billion yen revolving credit agreement.
the parent company and aflac have a five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 55.0 billion yen or the equivalent of yen in u.s. dollars on a revolving basis. this credit agreement provides for borrowings in japanese yen or the equivalent of japanese yen in u.s. dollars on a revolving basis. borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) a eurocurrency rate determined by reference to the london interbank offered rate (libor) for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for certain additional costs or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus 1⁄2 of 1%, (2) the rate of interest for such day announced by mizuho bank, ltd. as its prime rate and (3) the eurocurrency rate for an interest period of one month plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges between .79% and 1.275% for eurocurrency rate borrowings and 0.0% and .275% for base rate borrowings, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. in addition, the parent company and aflac are required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between .085% and .225%, also based on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. borrowings under the amended and restated credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the parent company and aflac. the amended and restated credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis and will expire on the earlier of (a) september 18, 2020, or (b) the date the commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our 55.0 billion yen revolving credit agreement.
the parent company and aflac have an uncommitted bilateral line of credit with a third party that provides for borrowings in the amount of $50 million. borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have up to a three-month maturity period. there are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2016, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our $50 million credit agreement.
our financial statements convey our financing arrangements during the periods presented. we have not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in our balance sheet. we were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2016. we have not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. see notes 1, 3, and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our securities lending and derivative activities. with the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes, we do not have a known trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in our liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount. our cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which has minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure.
the following table presents the estimated payments by period of our major contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016. we translated our yen-denominated obligations using the december 31, 2016, exchange rate. actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
65
distribution of payments by period
(in millions)                                                total                    total                 less           one tothree years               four to                   after liability(1)                 payments                 than                                        five years              five years one year future policy benefits liability (note 7)(2)        $76,106                   $240,650               $8,410                  $16,949                 $16,664                $198,627
unpaid policy claims liability (note 7)(3)            4,045                      4,046                2,644                      766                     348                     288
other policyholders' funds (note 7)(3)                6,659                     10,254                  319                      364                     465                   9,106
long-term debt - principal (note 9)                   5,339                      5,388                  650                        0                     593                   4,145
long-term debt - interest (note 9)                       41                      2,910                  182                      360                     335                   2,033
cash collateral on loaned securities (note 3)           526                        526                  526                        0                       0                       0
operating service agreements (note 15)                  n/a          (4)           608                  167                      297                     144                       0
operating lease obligations (note 15)                   n/a          (4)           145                   62                       59                      24                       0
capitalized lease obligations (note 9)                   21                         21                    6                       11                       3                       1
total contractual obligations                       $92,737                   $264,548              $12,966                  $18,806                 $18,576                $214,200
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits in the amount of $15 have been excluded from the tabular disclosure above because the timing of cash payment is not reasonably estimable.
(1)liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2016.
(2)the estimated payments due by period reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits. these projected cash outflows are based on assumptions for future policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions comparable with our experience, consider future premium receipts on current policies in force, and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with assumptions used in amortizing deferred acquisition costs. these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table of $240,650 exceeds the corresponding liability amount of $76,106. we have made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(3)includes assumptions as to the timing of policyholders reporting claims for prior periods and the amount of those claims. actual amounts and timing of unpaid policy claims payments may differ significantly from the estimates above.
(4)not applicable for more information on our major contractual obligations, see the applicable note in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as indicated in the line items in the table above.
consolidated cash flows we translate cash flows for aflac japan's yen-denominated items into u.s. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. in years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.
the following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                           2016                2015   2014
operating activities                              $5,987              $6,776              $6,550
investing activities                              (3,855   )          (4,897   )          (4,241   )
financing activities                              (1,619   )          (2,187   )            (147   )
exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents          (4   )               0                 (47   )
net change in cash and cash equivalents             $509               $(308   )          $2,115
operating activities consolidated cash flow from operations decreased 11.6% in 2016, compared with 2015. the following table summarizes operating cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                              2016   2015                             2014
aflac japan                          $4,605              $5,285              $5,711
aflac u.s. and other operations       1,382               1,491                 839
total                                $5,987              $6,776              $6,550
66
the level of aflac japan operating cash flows during 2016 and 2015 was impacted by a decline in the sales of products such as ways, which resulted in a reduced amount of cash received from discounted advance premiums. we do not expect this trend to continue in 2017.
investing activities operating cash flow is primarily used to purchase investments to meet future policy obligations. the following table summarizes investing cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                     2016            2015                2014
aflac japan                       $(3,075     )       $(4,147     )       $(4,129     )
aflac u.s. and other operations   (780        )       (750        )       (112        )
total                             $(3,855     )       $(4,897     )       $(4,241     )
prudent portfolio management dictates that we attempt to match the duration of our assets with the duration of our liabilities. currently, when our fixed-maturity securities and perpetual securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, the long-term nature of our business and our strong cash flows provide us with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. when needed or when market opportunities arise, we dispose of selected fixed-maturity and perpetual securities that are available for sale to improve the duration matching of our assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance our portfolio. as a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year. dispositions before maturity were approximately 7% of the annual average investment portfolio of fixed maturities and perpetual securities available for sale during the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with 5% in 2015 and 6% in 2014.
financing activities consolidated cash used by financing activities was $1.6 billion in 2016, $2.2 billion in 2015 and $147 million in 2014.
in september 2016, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $700 million through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $300 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.875% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 10-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $400 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 4.00% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a 30-year maturity.
in september 2016, the parent company entered into two series of senior unsecured term loan facilities totaling 30.0 billion yen. the first series, which totaled 5.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to the tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .20% and .60%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. the second series, which totaled 25.0 billion yen, bears an interest rate per annum equal to tibor, or alternate tibor, if applicable, plus the applicable tibor margin. the applicable margin ranges between .35% and .75%, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination.
in december 2016, the parent company completed a tender offer in which it extinguished $176 million principal of its 6.90% senior notes due 2039 and $193 million principal of its 6.45% senior notes due 2040. the pretax non-operating loss due to the early redemption of these notes was $137 million ($89 million after-tax, or $.21 per diluted share).
in september 2016, we extinguished 8.0 billion yen of 2.26% fixed rate uridashi notes upon their maturity and in july 2016, we extinguished 15.8 billion yen of 1.84% fixed rate samurai notes upon their maturity.
in august 2015, we extinguished $300 million of 3.45% fixed-rate senior notes upon their maturity. in august 2015, we extinguished a 5.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $41 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). in july 2015, we extinguished a 10.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $81 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date).
in march 2015, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $1.0 billion through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $550 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.40% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a five-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $450 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a ten-year maturity. we have entered into cross-currency swaps that convert the u.s. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes into yen-denominated obligations which
67
results in lower nominal net interest rates on the debt. by entering into these cross-currency swaps, we economically converted our $550 million liability into a 67.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 2.40% in dollars to .24% in yen, and we economically converted our $450 million liability into a 55.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 3.25% in dollars to .82% in yen. in april 2015, the parent company used $1.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes that were issued in march 2015 to redeem all of our $850 million 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes due may 2019 and to pay a portion of the corresponding $230 million make-whole premium due to the investors of these notes.
in november 2014, the parent company issued $750 million of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. in july 2014, we redeemed 28.7 billion yen of our fixed rate samurai notes and 5.5 billion yen of our variable rate samurai notes upon their maturity (a total of approximately $335 million using the exchange rate on the date of redemption).
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the debt issuances discussed above.
cash returned to shareholders through dividends and treasury stock purchases was $2.1 billion in 2016, compared with $2.0 billion in 2015 and $1.9 billion in 2014.
see our preceding discussion in this capital resources and liquidity section of md&a regarding the 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the parent company and aflac in october 2016 in the amount of $100 million; the three-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreements entered into by the parent company in march 2016 in the amount of 100 billion yen; the five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement entered into by the parent company and aflac in september 2015 in the amount of 55 billion yen; and the $50 million uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the parent company and aflac in february 2015. as of december 31, 2016, no borrowings were outstanding under these lines of credit.
we were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2016.
the following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended december 31.
treasury stock purchased
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)            2016                2015                2014
treasury stock purchases                              $1,422              $1,315              $1,210
number of shares purchased:
open market                                           21,618              21,179              19,660
other                                                    330                 247                 157
total shares purchased                                21,948              21,426              19,817
treasury stock issued
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)          2016              2015              2014
stock issued from treasury:
cash financing                                         $46               $36               $33
noncash financing                                       61                64                65
total stock issued from treasury                      $107              $100               $98
number of shares issued                              1,852             1,770             1,763
under share repurchase authorizations from our board of directors, we purchased 21.6 million shares of our common stock in the open market in 2016, compared with 21.2 million shares in 2015 and 19.7 million shares in 2014. in august 2015, aflac's board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 40 million shares of its common stock. as of december 31, 2016, a remaining balance of 26.8 million shares of our common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by our board of directors. we currently plan to purchase $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion of our common stock in 2017, front-end loaded in the first half of the year. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
68
cash dividends paid to shareholders in 2016 of $1.66 per share increased 5.1% over 2015. the 2015 dividend paid of $1.58 per share increased 5.3% over 2014. the following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                          2016              2015              2014
dividends paid in cash                             $658              $656              $654
dividends through issuance of treasury shares        27                26                26
total dividends to shareholders                    $685              $682              $680
in january 2017, the board of directors declared the first quarter 2017 cash dividend of $.43 per share. the dividend is payable on march 1, 2017, to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 15, 2017.
regulatory restrictions aflac and caic are domiciled in nebraska and are subject to its regulations. the nebraska department of insurance imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances to the parent company. under nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the nebraska department of insurance is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. in addition, the nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. these regulatory limitations are not expected to affect the level of management fees or dividends paid to the parent company. a life insurance company's statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the naic, as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company's state of domicile. statutory accounting rules are different from u.s. gaap and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. similar laws apply in new york, the domiciliary jurisdiction of the parent company's aflac new york insurance subsidiary. as of december 2016, caic was redomiciled from south carolina to nebraska.
the continued long-term growth of our business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of our insurance operations. aflac's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, equity contributions by the parent company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. the naic's risk-based capital (rbc) formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. the rbc formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer's operations. aflac's company action level rbc ratio was 894% as of december 31, 2016, compared with 933% at december 31, 2015. aflac's rbc ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. as of december 31, 2016, aflac's total adjusted capital of $12.0 billion exceeded the company action level required capital and surplus of $1.3 billion by $10.7 billion. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid to the parent company by aflac without prior approval of nebraska's director of insurance is the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. dividends declared by aflac during 2017 in excess of $2.8 billion would require such approval. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the impact of permitted practices by the nebraska department of insurance on our statutory capital and surplus. the naic considers its solvency modernization initiative (smi) process relating to updating the u.s. insurance solvency regulation framework to be ongoing. the smi has focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. many of these key issues have been finalized and/or are near completion; however, the naic still has some ongoing initiatives related to smi, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements and group supervision as well as risk-based capital.
aflac is subject to the naic's own risk and solvency assessment (orsa), effective january 1, 2015. through the orsa requirements, aflac is expected to regularly, no less than annually, conduct an orsa to assess the adequacy of its risk management framework, and its current and estimated projected future solvency position; internally document the process and results of the assessment; and provide a confidential high-level orsa summary report annually to the lead state commissioner if the insurer is a member of an insurance group. in november 2016, aflac filed its orsa report with the nebraska department of insurance.
in addition to limitations and restrictions imposed by u.s. insurance regulators, japan's fsa may not allow profit repatriations from aflac japan if the transfers would cause aflac japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of policyholders. the fsa maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the smr. aflac
69
japan's smr is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread, and foreign exchange rate changes, therefore we continue to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity. in the event of a rapid change in market risk conditions causing smr to decline, we have two senior unsecured revolving credit facilities in the amounts of 100 billion yen and 55 billion yen, respectively, and a committed reinsurance facility in the amount of approximately 110 billion yen as a capital contingency plan. (see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information). we have already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. for example, we employ policy reserve matching (prm) investment strategies, which is a japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces smr interest rate sensitivity since prm-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. for u.s. gaap, prm investments are categorized as available for sale. we also use foreign currency derivatives to hedge a portion of our u.s. dollar-denominated investments. in the first quarter of 2015, aflac japan entered into a quota share arrangement to cede a portion of hospital benefits of one of our closed products. under this coinsurance indemnity type of reinsurance, aflac japan released approximately 130 billion yen of fsa reserves. (see notes 3, 4 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.) as of december 31, 2016, aflac japan's smr was 945%, compared with 828% at december 31, 2015. the fsa has been conducting field testing with the insurance industry concerning the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime. the field testing will assist the fsa in determining if an economic value-based solvency regime in japan will be appropriate for the insurance industry.
payments are made from aflac japan to the parent company for management fees and to aflac u.s. for allocated expenses and remittances of earnings. the following table details aflac japan remittances for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan remittances
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)                       2016              2015              2014
aflac japan management fees paid to parent company              $79               $53               $39
expenses allocated to aflac japan (in dollars)                  106               101                71
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in dollars)     1,286             2,139             1,704
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in yen)         138.5             259.0             181.4
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we began to increase the frequency of capital transfers from japan to the united states to better manage cash flow. this capital repatriation is reflected in aflac japan's smr.
we entered into foreign exchange forwards and options as part of an economic hedge on foreign exchange risk on 114.0 billion yen of profit repatriation received in 2016, resulting in $64 million less funds received when the yen were exchanged into dollars.
for additional information on regulatory restrictions on dividends, profit repatriations and other transfers, see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other for information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
