item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. we believe that the following information identifies the material factors affecting our company based on the information we currently know. however, the risks and uncertainties our company faces are not limited to those described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
risks relating to our business and operations our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by market fluctuations and by economic, political and other factors.
our financial condition and results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by economic and other factors. such factors, which can be global, regional, national or local in nature, include: (i) political, social, economic and market conditions; (ii) the availability and cost of capital; (iii) the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values and other market indices; (iv) technological changes and events; (v) u.s. and foreign government fiscal and tax policies; (vi) u.s. and foreign government ability, real or perceived, to avoid defaulting on government securities; (vii) the availability and cost of credit; (viii) inflation; (ix) investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets; (x) terrorism and armed conflicts; and (xi) natural disasters such as weather catastrophes and widespread health emergencies. furthermore, changes in consumer economic variables, such as the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings, the rate of unemployment, decreases in property values, and the level of consumer confidence and consumer debt, may substantially affect consumer loan levels and credit quality, which, in turn, could impact client activity in all of our businesses. these factors also may have an impact on our ability to achieve our strategic objectives.
declines and volatility in u.s. and global market conditions have impacted our businesses in the past and may do so again. our businesses have been, and in the future may be, adversely affected by u.s. and global capital market and credit crises, the repricing of credit risk, equity market volatility and decline and stress or recession in the u.s. and global economies generally. each of our segments operates in these markets with exposure for us and our clients in securities, loans, derivatives, alternative investments, seed capital and other commitments. it is difficult to predict when, how long and to what extent the aforementioned adverse conditions may exist, which of our markets, products and businesses will be directly affected in terms of revenues, management fees and investment
23
valuations and earnings, and to what extent our clients may seek to bring claims arising out of investment performance that is affected by these conditions. as a result, these factors could materially adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
our revenues are largely dependent upon the level and mix of assets we have under management and administration, which are subject to fluctuation based on market conditions and client activity. downturns and volatility in equity markets can have, and have had, an adverse effect on the revenues and returns from our asset management services, retail advisory accounts and variable annuity contracts. because the profitability of these products and services depends on fees related primarily to the value of assets under management, declines in the equity markets will reduce our revenues because the value of the investment assets we manage will be reduced. in addition, market downturns and volatility may cause, and have caused, potential new purchasers of our products to limit purchases of or to refrain from purchasing products such as mutual funds, oeics, variable annuities and variable universal life insurance. downturns may also cause current shareholders in our mutual funds, oeics, sicavs, unit trusts and investment trusts, contractholders in our annuity products and policyholders in our protection products to withdraw cash values from those products.
some of our variable annuity products contain guaranteed minimum death benefits and guaranteed minimum withdrawal and accumulation benefits. a significant equity market decline or volatility in equity markets could result in guaranteed minimum benefits being higher than what current account values would support, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. although we have hedged a portion of the guarantees for the variable annuity contracts to mitigate the financial loss of equity market declines or volatility, there can be no assurance that such a decline or volatility would not materially impact the profitability of certain products or product lines or our financial condition or results of operations. further, the cost of hedging our liability for these guarantees has increased as a result of low interest rates and volatility in the equity markets and broad-based market and regulatory-driven changes in the collateral requirements of hedge trading counterparties. in addition, heightened volatility creates greater uncertainty for future hedging effectiveness.
we believe that investment performance is an important factor in the success of many of our businesses. poor investment performance could impair our revenues and earnings, as well as our prospects for growth. a significant portion of our revenue is derived from investment management agreements with the columbia management family of mutual funds that are terminable on 60 days' notice. in addition, although some contracts governing investment management services are subject to termination for failure to meet performance benchmarks, institutional and individual clients can terminate their relationships with us or our financial advisors at will or on relatively short notice. our clients can also reduce the aggregate amount of managed assets or shift their funds to other types of accounts with different rate structures, for any number of reasons, including investment performance, changes in prevailing interest rates, changes in investment preferences or investment management strategy (for example, "active" or "passive" investing styles), changes in our (or our advisors') reputation in the marketplace, changes in client management or ownership, loss of key investment management personnel and financial market performance. a reduction in managed assets, and the associated decrease in revenues and earnings, could have a material adverse effect on our business. moreover, if our money market funds experience a decline in market value, we may choose to contribute capital to those funds without consideration, which would result in a loss.
during periods of unfavorable or stagnating market or economic conditions, the level of individual investor participation in the global markets may also decrease, which would negatively impact the results of our retail businesses. concerns about current market and economic conditions, declining real estate values and decreased consumer confidence have caused, and in the future may cause, some of our clients to reduce the amount of business they do with us. fluctuations in global market activity could impact the flow of investment capital into or from assets under management and the way customers allocate capital among money market, equity, fixed maturity or other investment alternatives, which could negatively impact our asset management, advice & wealth management and annuities businesses. if we are unable to offer appropriate product alternatives which encourage customers to continue purchasing in the face of actual or perceived market volatility, our sales and management fee revenues could decline. uncertain economic conditions and heightened market volatility may also increase the likelihood that clients or regulators present or threaten legal claims, that regulators may increase the frequency and scope of their examinations of us or the financial services industry generally, and that lawmakers may enact new requirements or taxation which can have a material impact on our revenues, expenses or statutory capital requirements.
changes in interest rates and prolonged periods of low interest rates may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
certain of our insurance and annuity products and certain of our investment products are sensitive to interest rate fluctuations, and future impacts associated with such variations may differ from our historical costs. in addition, interest rate fluctuations could result in fluctuations in the valuation of certain minimum guaranteed benefits contained in some of our variable annuity products. although we typically hedge to mitigate some of the effect of such fluctuations, significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
during periods of increasing market interest rates, we offer higher crediting rates on interest-sensitive products, such as universal life insurance, fixed annuities and face-amount certificates, and we increase crediting rates on in-force products to keep these products competitive. because yields on invested assets may not increase as quickly as current interest rates, we may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. in addition, increases in market interest rates may cause increased policy surrenders, withdrawals from life insurance policies and annuity contracts and requests for policy loans, as policyholders and contractholders seek to shift assets to products with perceived higher returns. this process may lead to an earlier than expected outflow of cash from our business. these withdrawals and surrenders may require investment assets to be sold at a time when the prices of those assets are lower because of the increase in market interest rates,
24
which may result in realized investment losses. also, increases in market interest rates may result in extension of certain cash flows from structured mortgage assets. increases in crediting rates, as well as surrenders and withdrawals, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. an increase in policy surrenders and withdrawals also may require us to accelerate amortization of deferred acquisition costs ("dac") or other intangibles or cause an impairment of goodwill, which would increase our expenses and reduce our net earnings.
during periods of falling interest rates or stagnancy of low interest rates, our spread may be reduced or could become negative, primarily because some of our products have guaranteed minimum crediting rates. due to the long-term nature of the liabilities associated with certain of our businesses, such as long term care and fixed universal life with secondary guarantees as well as fixed annuities and guaranteed benefits on variable annuities, sustained declines in or stagnancy of low long-term interest rates may subject us to reinvestment risks and increased hedging costs. in addition, reduced or negative spreads may require us to accelerate amortization of dac, which would increase our expenses and reduce our net earnings.
interest rate fluctuations also could have an adverse effect on the results of our investment portfolio. during periods of declining market interest rates or stagnancy of low interest rates, the interest we receive on variable interest rate investments decreases. in addition, during those periods, we are forced to reinvest the cash we receive as interest or return of principal on our investments in lower-yielding high-grade instruments or in lower-credit instruments to maintain comparable returns. issuers of certain callable fixed income securities also may decide to prepay their obligations in order to borrow at lower market rates, which increases the risk that we may have to reinvest the cash proceeds of these securities in lower-yielding or lower-credit instruments.
adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, our access to capital and our cost of capital.
the capital and credit markets may experience, and have experienced, varying degrees of volatility and disruption. in some cases, the markets have exerted downward pressure on availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers. we need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, interest expenses and dividends on our capital stock. without sufficient liquidity, we could be required to curtail our operations and our business would suffer.
our liquidity needs are satisfied primarily through our reserves and the cash generated by our operations. we believe the level of cash and securities we maintain when combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, is adequate to meet anticipated short-term and long-term benefit and expense payment obligations. in the event current resources are insufficient to satisfy our needs, we may access financing sources such as bank debt. the availability of additional financing would depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, as well as the possibility that our shareholders, customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects if we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn. similarly, our access to funds may be rendered more costly or impaired if regulatory authorities or rating organizations take actions against us.
disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may also limit our access to capital required to operate our business. such market conditions may limit our ability to satisfy statutory capital requirements, generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet liquidity needs and access the capital necessary to grow our business. as such, we may be forced to delay raising capital, issue different types of capital than we would otherwise, less effectively deploy such capital, or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease our profitability and significantly reduce our financial flexibility.
a downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
financial strength ratings, which various rating organizations publish as a measure of an insurance company's ability to meet contractholder and policyholder obligations, are important to maintain public confidence in our products, the ability to market our products and our competitive position. a downgrade in our financial strength ratings, or the announced potential for a downgrade, could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations in many ways, including: (i) reducing new sales of insurance and annuity products and investment products; (ii) adversely affecting our relationships with our advisors and third-party distributors of our products; (iii) materially increasing the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by contractholders and policyholders; (iv) requiring us to reduce prices for many of our products and services to remain competitive; and (v) adversely affecting our ability to obtain reinsurance or obtain reasonable pricing on reinsurance.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could also adversely impact our future cost and speed of borrowing and have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
in view of the difficulties experienced in recent years by many financial institutions, including our competitors in the insurance industry, the rating organizations have heightened the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions and have requested additional information from the companies that they rate. they may increase the frequency and scope of their credit reviews, adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating organizations' models for maintenance of ratings levels, or downgrade ratings applied to particular classes of securities or types of institutions.
rating organizations may also become subject to tighter laws, regulations or scrutiny governing ratings, which may in turn impact ratings assigned to financial institutions.
25
we cannot predict what actions rating organizations may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating organizations, which could adversely affect our business. as with other companies in the financial services industry, our ratings could be changed at any time and without any notice by the rating organizations.
intense competition and the economics of changes in our product revenue mix and distribution channels could negatively impact our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability.
our businesses operate in intensely competitive industry segments. we compete based on a number of factors, including name recognition, service, the quality of investment advice, investment performance, product offerings and features, price, perceived financial strength, claims-paying ability and credit ratings. our competitors include broker-dealers, banks, asset managers, insurers and other financial institutions. certain of our competitors offer web-based financial services and discount brokerage services to individual clients. many of our businesses face competitors that have greater market share, offer a broader range of products, have greater financial resources, or have higher claims-paying ability or credit ratings than we do. some of our competitors may possess or acquire intellectual property rights that could provide a competitive advantage to them in certain markets or for certain products, which could make it difficult for us to introduce new products and services. some of our competitors' proprietary products or technology could be similar to our own, and this could result in disputes that could impact our financial condition or results of operations. in addition, over time certain sectors of the financial services industry have become considerably more concentrated, as financial institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have been acquired by or merged into other firms, or distribution firms are seeking to limit the breadth of product offerings in order to simplify their regulatory and risk management. this convergence could result in our competitors gaining greater resources, and we may experience downward pressures on our pricing and market share as a result of these factors and as some of our competitors seek to increase market share by reducing prices. furthermore, the uncertain and new regulatory environment in the u.s. and around the world will cause various structural changes to the industry and other competitors may be better positioned to reap the benefits of that structural change and movement of assets around the industry depending on final regulations and trends among distributors and clients.
the offerings available to our advisor network include not only products issued by our riversource life and columbia threadneedle companies, but also products issued by unaffiliated insurance companies and asset managers. as a result of this and further openings of our advisor network to the products of other companies, we could experience lower sales of our companies' products, higher surrenders or redemptions, or other developments which might not be fully offset by higher distribution revenues or other benefits, possibly resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, some of our products, such as certain products of our property casualty companies, are made available through alliances with unaffiliated third parties. we could experience lower sales or incur higher distribution costs or other developments which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations if alliance relationships are discontinued or if the terms of our alliances change.
we face intense competition in attracting and retaining key talent.
our continued success depends to a substantial degree on our ability to attract and retain qualified people. we are dependent on our network of advisors for a significant portion of the sales of our mutual funds, annuities, face-amount certificates and insurance products. in addition, the investment performance of our asset management products and services and the retention of our products and services by our clients are dependent upon the strategies and decisioning of our portfolio managers and analysts. the market for these financial advisors and portfolio managers is extremely competitive, as are the markets for qualified and skilled executives and marketing, finance, legal, compliance and other professionals. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals or our recruiting and retention costs increase significantly, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted.
the impairment or negative performance of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker-dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, hedge funds, insurers, reinsurers, investment funds and other institutions. the operations of u.s. and global financial services institutions are interconnected and a decline in the financial condition of one or more financial services institutions may expose us to credit losses or defaults, limit our access to liquidity or otherwise disrupt the operations of our businesses. while we regularly assess our exposure to different industries and counterparties, the performance and financial strength of specific institutions are subject to rapid change, the timing and extent of which cannot be known.
many transactions with and investments in the products and securities of other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty. with respect to secured transactions, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral we hold cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to it. we also have exposure to financial institutions in the form of unsecured debt instruments, derivative transactions (including with respect to derivatives hedging our exposure on variable annuity contracts with guaranteed benefits), reinsurance, repurchase and underwriting arrangements and equity investments. there can be no assurance that any such losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets would not materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
downgrades in the credit or financial strength ratings assigned to the counterparties with whom we transact or other adverse reputational impacts to such counterparties could create the perception that our financial condition will be adversely impacted as a result of potential future defaults by such counterparties. additionally, we could be adversely affected by a general, negative perception of financial institutions caused by the downgrade or other adverse impact to the reputation of other financial institutions.
26
accordingly, ratings downgrades or other adverse reputational impacts for other financial institutions could affect our market capitalization and could limit access to or increase our cost of capital.
a number of the products and services we make available to our clients are those offered by third parties, for which we may generate revenue based on the level of assets under management, the number of client transactions or otherwise. the poor performance of such products and services, or negative perceptions of the firms offering such products and services, may adversely impact our sales of such products and services and reduce our revenue. in addition, such failures or poor performance of products and services offered by other financial institutions could adversely impact consumer confidence in products and services that we offer. negative perceptions of certain financial products and services, or the financial industry in general, may increase the number of withdrawals and redemptions or reduce purchases made by our clients, which would adversely impact the levels of our assets under management, revenues and liquidity position.
a drop in our investment performance as compared to that of our competitors could negatively impact our revenues and profitability.
investment performance is a key competitive factor for our retail and institutional asset management products and services. strong investment performance helps to ensure the retention of our products and services by our clients and creates new sales of products and services. it may also result in higher ratings by ratings services such as morningstar or lipper, which may compound the foregoing effects. strong investment performance and its effects are important elements to our stated goals of growing assets under management and achieving economies of scale.
there can be no assurance as to how future investment performance will compare to our competitors or that historical performance will be indicative of future returns. any drop or perceived drop in investment performance as compared to our competitors could cause a decline in sales of our mutual funds and other investment products, an increase in redemptions and the termination of institutional asset management relationships. these impacts may reduce our aggregate amount of assets under management and reduce management fees. poor investment performance could also adversely affect our ability to expand the distribution of our products through unaffiliated third parties. further, any drop in market share of mutual funds sales by our advisors may further reduce profits as sales of other companies' mutual funds are less profitable than sales of our proprietary funds.
we may not be able to maintain our unaffiliated third-party distribution channels or the terms by which unaffiliated third parties sell our products.
we distribute certain of our investment products and fixed annuities through unaffiliated third-party advisors and financial institutions. maintaining and deepening relationships with these unaffiliated distributors is an important part of our growth strategy, as strong third-party distribution arrangements enhance our ability to market our products and to increase our assets under management, revenues and profitability. there can be no assurance that the distribution relationships we have established will continue, as our distribution partners may cease to operate or otherwise terminate their relationship with us. any such reduction in access to third-party distributors may have a material adverse effect on our ability to market our products and to generate revenue in our asset management and annuities segments.
access to distribution channels is subject to intense competition due to the large number of competitors and products in the investment advisory and annuities industries as well as regulatory and consumer trends driving escalating compliance, disclosure and risk management requirements for distributors. relationships with distributors are subject to periodic negotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of our products marketed, and the frequency or complexity of these negotiations is expected to increase in light of prevailing regulatory reforms and market volatility. any increase in the costs to distribute our products or reduction in the type or amount of products made available for sale may have a material effect on our revenues and profitability.
we face risks arising from acquisitions and divestitures.
we have made acquisitions and divestitures in the past and may pursue similar strategic transactions in the future. risks in acquisition transactions include difficulties in the integration of acquired businesses into our operations and control environment, difficulties in assimilating and retaining employees and intermediaries, difficulties in retaining the existing customers of the acquired entities, assumed or unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with the acquired businesses, the failure of counterparties to satisfy any obligations to indemnify us against liabilities arising from the acquired businesses, and unfavorable market conditions that could negatively impact our growth expectations for the acquired businesses. fully integrating an acquired company or business into our operations may take a significant amount of time. risks in divestiture transactions include difficulties in the separation of the disposed business, retention or obligation to indemnify certain liabilities, the failure of counterparties to satisfy payment obligations, unfavorable market conditions that may impact any earnout or contingency payment due to us and unexpected difficulties in losing employees of the disposed business. we cannot assure you that we will be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered with acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic transactions. these risks may prevent us from realizing the expected benefits from acquisitions or divestitures and could result in the failure to realize the full economic value of a strategic transaction or the impairment of goodwill and/or intangible assets recognized at the time of an acquisition. these risks could be heightened if we complete a large acquisition or multiple acquisitions within a short period of time.
third-party defaults, bankruptcy filings, legal actions and other events may limit the value of or restrict our access and our clients' access to cash and investments.
27
capital and credit market volatility can exacerbate, and has exacerbated, the risk of third-party defaults, bankruptcy filings, foreclosures, legal actions and other events that may limit the value of or restrict our access and our clients' access to cash and investments. although we are not required to do so, we have elected in the past, and we may elect in the future, to compensate clients for losses incurred in response to such events, provide clients with temporary credit or liquidity or other support related to products that we manage, or provide credit liquidity or other support to the financial products we manage. any such election to provide support may arise from factors specific to our clients, our products or industry-wide factors. if we elect to provide additional support, we could incur losses from the support we provide and incur additional costs, including financing costs, in connection with the support. these losses and additional costs could be material and could adversely impact our results of operations. if we were to take such actions we may also restrict or otherwise utilize our corporate assets, limiting our flexibility to use these assets for other purposes, and may be required to raise additional capital.
defaults in our fixed maturity securities portfolio or consumer credit holdings could adversely affect our earnings.
issuers of the fixed maturity securities that we own may default on principal and interest payments. as of december 31, 2016, 5% of our invested assets had ratings below investment-grade. moreover, economic downturns and corporate malfeasance can increase the number of companies, including those with investment-grade ratings, which default on their debt obligations. default-related declines in the value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio or consumer credit holdings could cause our net earnings to decline and could also cause us to contribute capital to some of our regulated subsidiaries, which may require us to obtain funding during periods of unfavorable market conditions.
our valuation of fixed maturity and equity securities may include methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely impact our results of operations or financial condition.
fixed maturity, equity, trading securities and short-term investments, which are reported at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets, represent the majority of our total cash and invested assets. the determination of fair values by management in the absence of quoted market prices is based on: (i) valuation methodologies; (ii) securities we deem to be comparable; and (iii) assumptions deemed appropriate given the circumstances. the fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on available market information and judgments about financial instruments, including estimates of the timing and amounts of expected future cash flows and the credit standing of the issuer or counterparty. factors considered in estimating fair value include: coupon rate, maturity, estimated duration, call provisions, sinking fund requirements, credit rating, industry sector of the issuer, interest rates, credit spreads, and quoted market prices of comparable securities. the use of different methodologies and assumptions may have a material effect on the estimated fair value amounts.
during periods of market disruption, including periods of significantly rising or high interest rates and rapidly widening credit spreads or illiquidity, it may be difficult to value certain of our securities. there may be certain asset classes that were in active markets with significant observable data that become illiquid due to the financial environment. in such cases, the valuation of certain securities may require additional subjectivity and management judgment. as such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable and may require greater estimation as well as valuation methods that are more sophisticated, which may result in values less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. further, rapidly changing and unexpected credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly. decreases in value may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on certain investments is subject to management's evaluation and judgment and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.
the determination of the amount of allowances and impairments vary by investment type and is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of inherent and known risks associated with the respective asset class. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances.
the assessment of whether impairments have occurred is based on management's case-by-case evaluation of the underlying reasons for the decline in fair value that considers a wide range of factors about the security issuer or borrower, and management uses its best judgment in evaluating the cause of the decline in the estimated fair value of the security or loan and in assessing the prospects for recovery. inherent in management's evaluation of the security or loan are assumptions and estimates about the operations of the issuer and its future earnings potential.
some of our investments are relatively illiquid.
we invest a portion of our owned assets in certain privately placed fixed income securities, mortgage loans, policy loans and limited partnership interests, all of which are relatively illiquid. these asset classes represented 16% of the carrying value of our investment portfolio as of december 31, 2016. if we require significant amounts of cash on short notice in excess of our normal cash requirements, we may have difficulty selling these investments in a timely manner or be forced to sell them for an amount less than we would otherwise have been able to realize, or both, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
28
the failure of other insurers could require us to pay higher assessments to state insurance guaranty funds.
our insurance companies are required by law to be members of the guaranty fund association in every state where they are licensed to do business. in the event of insolvency of one or more unaffiliated insurance companies, our insurance companies could be adversely affected by the requirement to pay assessments to the guaranty fund associations. uncertainty and volatility in the u.s. economy and financial markets in recent years, plus the repercussions of a heightened regulatory environment, have weakened or may weaken the financial condition of numerous insurers, including insurers currently in receiverships, increasing the risk of triggering guaranty fund assessments. for more information regarding assessments from guaranty fund associations, see note 23 to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
if the counterparties to our reinsurance arrangements or to the derivative instruments we use to hedge our business risks default or otherwise fail to fulfill their obligations, we may be exposed to risks we had sought to mitigate, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we use reinsurance to mitigate our risks in various circumstances as described in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k - "business - our segments - protection - reinsurance." reinsurance does not relieve us of our direct liability to our policyholders and contractholders, even when the reinsurer is liable to us. accordingly, we bear credit and performance risk with respect to our reinsurers, including genworth life insurance company with whom we finalized various confidential enhancements in july 2016 that have been shared, in the normal course of regular reviews, with our domiciliary regulator and rating agencies. a reinsurer's insolvency or its inability or unwillingness to make payments under the terms of our reinsurance agreement could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. see notes 2 and 7 to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding reinsurance.
in addition, we use a variety of derivative instruments (including options, forwards, and interest rate and currency swaps) with a number of counterparties to hedge business risks. the amount and breadth of exposure to derivative counterparties, as well as the cost of derivative instruments, have increased significantly in connection with our strategies to hedge guaranteed benefit obligations under our variable annuity products. if our counterparties fail to honor their obligations under the derivative instruments in a timely manner, our hedges of the related risk will be ineffective. that failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. this risk of failure of our hedge transactions from counterparty default may be increased by capital market volatility.
we provide investment securities as collateral to our derivative counterparties which they may sell, pledge, or rehypothecate. we have exposure, under the relevant arrangement, if the collateral is not returned to us to the extent that the fair value of the collateral exceeds our liability. additionally, we may also accept investment securities as collateral from our derivative counterparties, which we may sell, pledge, or rehypothecate. if the counterparties that we pledge the collateral to are not able to return these investment securities under the terms of the relevant arrangements, we would be required to deliver alternative investments or cash to our derivative counterparty, which could impact our liquidity and could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations.
if our reserves for future policy benefits and claims or for future certificate redemptions and maturities are inadequate, we may be required to increase our reserve liabilities, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we establish reserves as estimates of our liabilities to provide for future obligations under our insurance policies, annuities and investment certificate contracts. reserves do not represent an exact calculation of the liability but, rather, are estimates of contract benefits and related expenses we expect to incur over time. the assumptions and estimates we make in establishing reserves require certain judgments about future experience and, therefore, are inherently uncertain. we cannot determine with precision the actual amounts that we will pay for contract benefits, the timing of payments, or whether the assets supporting our stated reserves will increase to the levels we estimate before payment of benefits or claims. we monitor our reserve levels continually. if we were to conclude that our reserves are insufficient to cover actual or expected contract benefits, we would be required to increase our reserves and incur income statement charges for the period in which we make the determination, which would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. for more information on how we set our reserves, see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
morbidity rates, mortality rates or the severity or frequency of other insurance claims that differ significantly from our pricing expectations could negatively affect profitability.
we set prices for riversource life disability and long term care insurance and some annuity products based upon expected claim payment patterns, derived from assumptions we make about our policyholders and contractholders, including morbidity and mortality rates. the long-term profitability of these products depends upon how our actual experience compares with our pricing assumptions. for example, if morbidity rates are higher, or mortality rates are lower, than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under disability income insurance policies, chronic care riders and immediate annuity contracts than we had projected. the same holds true for long term care policies we previously underwrote to the extent of the risks that we retained. if mortality rates are higher than our pricing assumptions, we could be required to make greater payments under our life insurance policies and annuity contracts with guaranteed minimum death benefits than we have projected.
the risk that our claims experience may differ significantly from our pricing assumptions is particularly significant for our long term care insurance products notwithstanding our ability to implement future price increases with regulatory approvals. as with life insurance, long term care insurance policies provide for long-duration coverage and, therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge over many years. however, as a relatively new product in the market, long term care insurance does not have the extensive
29
claims experience history of life insurance and, as a result, our ability to forecast future claim rates for long term care insurance is more limited than for life insurance. we have sought to moderate these uncertainties to some extent by partially reinsuring long term care policies at the time the policies were underwritten and by limiting our present long term care insurance offerings to policies underwritten fully by unaffiliated third-party insurers, and we have also implemented rate increases on certain in-force policies as described in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k - "business - our segments - protection - riversource insurance products - long term care insurance." we may be required to implement additional rate increases in the future and may or may not receive regulatory approval for the full extent and timing of any rate increases that we may seek.
unexpected changes in the severity or frequency of claims may affect the profitability of our auto and home insurance business. recorded claim reserves in the auto and home insurance business are based on our best estimates of losses, both reported and incurred but not reported ("ibnr") claims, after considering known facts and interpretations of circumstances. internal factors are considered including our experience with similar cases, actual claims paid, historical trends involving claim payment patterns, pending levels of unpaid claims, loss management programs, product mix and contractual terms. external factors are also considered, such as court decisions and changes in law, regulatory requirements, litigation trends, and price levels of medical services, auto and home repairs, and other economic conditions. because reserves are estimates of the unpaid portion of losses that have occurred, including ibnr losses, the establishment of appropriate reserves, including reserves for catastrophes, is an inherently uncertain and complex process. increases in claim severity or frequency can also arise from unexpected events that are inherently difficult to predict. although we pursue various loss management initiatives in our auto and home insurance business in order to mitigate future increases in claim severity, there can be no assurances that these initiatives will successfully identify or reduce the effect of future increases in claim severity or frequency. to address adverse trends in claims we may seek additional rate increases for our auto and home insurance business in the future and may or may not receive regulatory approval for the full extent and timing of any rate increases that we may seek.
we may face losses if there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the future persistency of our insurance policies and annuity contracts.
the prices and expected future profitability of our life insurance and deferred annuity products are based in part upon assumptions related to persistency, which is the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force from one period to the next. economic and market dislocations may occur and future consumer persistency behaviors could vary materially from the past. the effect of persistency on profitability varies for different products. for most of our life insurance and deferred annuity products, actual persistency that is lower than our persistency assumptions could have an adverse impact on profitability, especially in the early years of a policy or contract, primarily because we would be required to accelerate the amortization of expenses we deferred in connection with the acquisition of the policy or contract.
for our long term care insurance and universal life insurance policies with secondary guarantees, as well as variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, actual persistency that is higher than our persistency assumptions could have a negative impact on profitability. if these policies remain in force longer than we assumed, we could be required to make greater benefit payments than we had anticipated when we priced or partially reinsured these products. some of our long term care insurance policies have experienced higher persistency and poorer morbidity experience than we had assumed, which led us to increase premium rates on certain policies.
because our assumptions regarding persistency experience are inherently uncertain, reserves for future policy benefits and claims may prove to be inadequate if actual persistency experience is different from those assumptions. although some of our products permit us to increase premiums during the life of the policy or contract, we cannot guarantee that these increases would be sufficient to maintain profitability. additionally, some of these pricing changes require regulatory approval, which may not be forthcoming. moreover, many of our products do not permit us to increase premiums or limit those increases during the life of the policy or contract, while premiums on certain other products (primarily long term care insurance) may not be increased without prior regulatory approval. significant deviations in experience from pricing expectations regarding persistency could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products.
we may be required to accelerate the amortization of dac, which would increase our expenses.
dac represent the portion of costs which are incremental and direct to the acquisition of new or renewal business, principally direct sales commissions and other distribution and underwriting costs that have been deferred on the sale of annuity, life and disability income insurance and, to a lesser extent, direct marketing expenses for personal auto and home insurance, and distribution expenses for certain mutual fund products. for annuity and universal life products, dac are amortized based on projections of estimated gross profits over amortization periods equal to the approximate life of the business. for other insurance products, dac are generally amortized as a percentage of premiums over amortization periods equal to the premium-paying period. for certain mutual fund products, we generally amortize dac over fixed periods on a straight-line basis, adjusted for redemptions.
our projections underlying the amortization of dac for insurance and annuity products require the use of certain assumptions, including interest margins, mortality rates, persistency rates, maintenance expense levels and customer asset value growth rates for variable products. we periodically review and, where appropriate, adjust our assumptions. when we change our assumptions, we may be required to accelerate the amortization of dac or to record a charge to increase benefit reserves.
30
for more information regarding dac, see part ii, item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k under the heading "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates - deferred acquisition costs."
misconduct by our employees and advisors is difficult to detect and deter and could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition.
misconduct by our employees and advisors could result in violations of law, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm. misconduct can occur in each of our businesses and could include: (i) binding us to transactions that exceed authorized limits; (ii) hiding unauthorized or unsuccessful activities resulting in unknown and unmanaged risks or losses; (iii) improperly using, disclosing or otherwise compromising confidential information, including client confidential information; (iv) recommending transactions that are not suitable; (v) engaging in fraudulent or otherwise improper activity, including the misappropriation of funds; (vi) engaging in unauthorized or excessive trading to the detriment of customers; or (vii) otherwise not complying with laws, regulations or our control procedures.
we cannot always deter misconduct by our employees and advisors, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. preventing and detecting misconduct among our franchisee advisors who are not employees of our company presents additional challenges. we also cannot assure you that misconduct by our employees and advisors will not lead to a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
a failure to protect our reputation could adversely affect our businesses.
our reputation is one of our most important assets. our ability to attract and retain customers, investors, employees and advisors is highly dependent upon external perceptions of our company. damage to our reputation could cause significant harm to our business and prospects and may arise from numerous sources, including litigation or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, compliance failures, any perceived or actual weakness in our financial strength or liquidity, technological, cybersecurity, or other security breaches (including attempted breaches) resulting in improper disclosure of client or employee personal information, unethical behavior and the misconduct of our employees, advisors and counterparties. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters could damage our reputation among existing and potential customers, investors, employees and advisors. reputations may take decades to build, and any negative incidents can quickly erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse mainstream and social media publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against us.
our reputation is also dependent on our continued identification of and mitigation against conflicts of interest. as we have expanded the scope of our businesses and our client base, we increasingly have to identify and address potential conflicts of interest, including those relating to our proprietary activities and those relating to our sales of non-proprietary products from manufacturers that have agreed to provide us marketing, sales and account maintenance support. for example, conflicts may arise between our position as a provider of financial planning services and as a manufacturer and/or distributor or broker of asset accumulation, income or insurance products that one of our advisors may recommend to a financial planning client. we have procedures and controls that are designed to identify, address and appropriately disclose perceived conflicts of interest. however, identifying and appropriately addressing conflicts of interest is complex, and our reputation could be damaged if we fail, or appear to fail, to address conflicts of interest appropriately.
in addition, the sec and other federal and state regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts of interest. it is possible that potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions. it is possible also that the regulatory scrutiny of, and litigation in connection with, conflicts of interest will make our clients less willing to enter into transactions in which such a conflict may occur, and will adversely affect our businesses.
our operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, subject to evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential client information, loss of our proprietary information, damage to our reputation, additional costs to us, regulatory penalties and other adverse impacts. the same is true for systems, networks and operations that franchise advisors control locally.
our business is reliant upon internal and third-party personnel and technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store information, including sensitive client and proprietary information, and to conduct many of our business activities and transactions with our clients, advisors, vendors and other third parties. maintaining the integrity of these systems and networks is critical to the success of our business operations, including our reputation, the retention of our advisors and clients, and to the protection of our proprietary information and our clients' personal information. to date, we have not experienced any material breaches of or interference with our centrally controlled systems and networks, however, we routinely encounter and address such threats. for example, in past years we and other financial institutions experienced distributed denial of service attacks intended to disrupt the centrally controlled systems that provide clients with access to online systems and information. while we were able to detect and respond to these incidents without loss of client assets or information, we enhanced our corporate security capabilities and will continue to assess our ability to monitor for, prevent and respond to such threats. in addition to the foregoing, our (and our advisors') experiences with cybersecurity and technology threats have included phishing scams, account takeovers, introductions of malware, attempts at electronic break-ins, and the submission of fraudulent payment requests. any such breaches or interference (including attempted breaches or interference) by third parties or by insiders that may occur in the future could have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
31
on a corporate basis, we are subject to international, federal and state regulations, and in some cases contractual obligations, that require us to establish and maintain corporate policies and procedures designed to protect sensitive client, employee, contractor and vendor information. we have implemented policies that require our franchisee advisors who control locally their own technology operations to do the same. we have implemented and maintain security measures designed to protect against breaches of corporate security and other interference with our corporate systems and networks resulting from attacks by third parties, including hackers, and from employee, advisor or service provider error or malfeasance. we also contractually require third-party vendors who, in the provision of services to us, are provided with access to our systems and information pertaining to our business or our clients, to meet certain information security standards. we recommend through policies that franchise advisors do the same with their third-party vendors. changes in our client base, the mix of assets under management or administration and business model or technology platform changes, such as an evolution to accommodate mobile computing, virtual interface and multi-device functionality, may also require corresponding changes in our systems, networks and data security measures. in addition, the increasing reliance on technology systems and networks and the occurrence and potential adverse impact of attacks on such systems and networks, both generally and in the financial services industry, have enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cybersecurity threats. as these threats, and government and regulatory oversight of associated risks, continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to enhance or expand upon the security measures we currently maintain or that we allow franchise advisors to maintain and control centrally or locally.
despite the measures we have taken and may in the future take to address and mitigate cybersecurity and technology risks, we cannot assure you that our systems and networks will not be subject to attacks, breaches or interference. nor can we always assure you that franchise advisors will do what we recommend in this regard. any such event may result in operational disruptions (including for example, various delays or mistakes in materials provided to our clients and shareholders in the columbia threadneedle funds as well as impacts to pricing, calculation and trading operations for the columbia threadneedle funds and various operations for our other businesses) as well as unauthorized access to or the disclosure or loss of our proprietary information or our clients' personal information, which in turn may result in legal claims, regulatory scrutiny and liability, reputational damage, the incurrence of costs to eliminate or mitigate further exposure, the loss of clients or advisors or other damage to our business. while we maintain cyber liability insurance that provides both third-party liability and first-party liability coverages, this insurance may not be sufficient to protect us against all cybersecurity-related losses. in addition, the trend toward broad consumer and general public notification of such incidents could exacerbate the harm to our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations. even if we successfully protect our technology infrastructure and the confidentiality of sensitive data, we may incur significant expenses in connection with our responses to any such attacks as well as the adoption, implementation and maintenance of appropriate security measures. in addition, our regulators may seek to hold our company responsible for the acts or omissions of our franchise advisors even though they procure and control much of the technology infrastructure they use to operate their businesses locally. we could also suffer harm to our business and reputation if attempted security breaches are publicized regardless of whether or not harm was actually done to any client or client information. we cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities, discovery of new vulnerabilities, attempts to exploit vulnerabilities in our systems or third-party systems we or our franchise advisors use, data thefts, physical system or network break-ins or inappropriate access, or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology or other security measures protecting the networks and systems used in connection with our business.
protection from system interruptions and operating errors is important to our business. if we experience a sustained interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or other failure in operational execution, it could harm our business.
operating errors and system or network interruptions could delay and disrupt our ability to develop, deliver or maintain our products and services, or to operate compliance or risk management functions, causing harm to our business and reputation and resulting in loss of our advisors, clients or revenue. interruptions could be caused by operational failures arising from service provider, employee or advisor error or malfeasance, interference by third parties, including hackers, our implementation of new technology, as well as from our maintenance of existing technology. our financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate or report data properly, experience connectivity disruptions or otherwise become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process transactions or provide products and services to our clients. these interruptions can include fires, floods, earthquakes and other natural disasters, power losses, equipment failures, attacks by third parties, failures of internal or vendor personnel, software, equipment or systems and other events beyond our control. although we have developed and maintain a comprehensive business continuity plan that covers potential disruptions to centrally controlled systems and platforms and require our key technology vendors and service providers to do the same, there are inherent limitations in such plans and they might not, despite testing and monitoring, operate as designed in the event of an actual event or crisis. further, we cannot control the execution of any business continuity plans implemented by our service providers or our franchise advisors we rely on third-party service providers and vendors for certain communications, technology and business functions, and we face the risk of operational failure (including, without limitation, failure caused by an inaccuracy, untimeliness or other deficiency in data reporting), termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other third-party service providers that we use to facilitate or are component providers to our securities transactions and other product manufacturing and distribution activities. for example, most of our applications run on a technology infrastructure managed on an outsourced basis by ibm since 2002. under this arrangement, ibm is responsible for all mainframe, mid-range, computing network and storage operations, which includes a portion of our web hosting operations, and we are subject to the risks of any operational failure, termination or other restraints in this arrangement. these risks are heightened by our deployment in response to both investor interest and evolution in the financial markets of increasingly sophisticated products, such as those which incorporate automatic asset re-
32
allocation, long/short trading strategies or multiple portfolios or funds, and business-driven hedging, compliance and other risk management or investment or financial management strategies. any such failure, termination or constraint could adversely impact our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk, or otherwise achieve desired outcomes.
risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including employee and financial advisor misconduct.
we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and will continue to do so. nonetheless, our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. many of our methods of managing risk and exposures are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior or statistics based on historical models. during periods of market volatility or due to unforeseen events, the historically-derived correlations upon which these methods are based may not be valid. as a result, these methods may not predict future exposures accurately, which could be significantly greater than what our models indicate. this could cause us to incur investment losses or cause our hedging and other risk management strategies to be ineffective. other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, catastrophe occurrence or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated.
moreover, we are subject to the risks of errors and misconduct by our employees and advisors, such as fraud, non-compliance with policies, recommending transactions that are not suitable, and improperly using or disclosing confidential information. these risks are difficult to detect in advance and deter, and could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. we are further subject to the risk of nonperformance or inadequate performance of contractual obligations by third-party vendors of products and services that are used in our businesses. management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk. insurance and other traditional risk-shifting tools may be held by or available to us in order to manage certain exposures, but they are subject to terms such as deductibles, coinsurance, limits and policy exclusions, as well as risk of counterparty denial of coverage, default or insolvency.
as a holding company, we depend on the ability of our subsidiaries to transfer funds to us to pay dividends and to meet our obligations.
we act as a holding company for our subsidiaries, through which substantially all of our operations are conducted. dividends from our subsidiaries and permitted payments to us under our intercompany arrangements with our subsidiaries are our principal sources of cash to pay shareholder dividends and to meet our other financial obligations. these obligations include our operating expenses and interest and principal on our borrowings. if the cash we receive from our subsidiaries pursuant to dividend payment and intercompany arrangements is insufficient for us to fund any of these obligations, we may be required to raise cash through the incurrence of additional debt, the issuance of additional equity or the sale of assets. if any of this happens, it could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
insurance and securities laws and regulations regulate the ability of many of our subsidiaries (such as our insurance and brokerage subsidiaries and our face-amount certificate company) to pay dividends or make other permitted payments. see item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k - "regulation" as well as the information contained in part ii, item 7 under the heading "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources." in addition to the various regulatory restrictions and local law requirements that constrain our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other permitted payments to our company, the rating organizations impose various capital requirements on our company and our insurance company subsidiaries in order for us to maintain our ratings and the ratings of our insurance subsidiaries. the value of assets on the company-level balance sheets of our subsidiaries is a significant factor in determining these restrictions and capital requirements. as asset values decline, our and our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other permitted payments can be reduced. additionally, the various asset classes held by our subsidiaries, and used in determining required capital levels, are weighted differently or are restricted as to the proportion in which they may be held depending upon their liquidity, credit risk and other factors. volatility in relative asset values among different asset classes can alter the proportion of our subsidiaries' holdings in those classes, which could increase required capital and constrain our and our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other permitted payments. the regulatory capital requirements and dividend-paying ability of our subsidiaries may also be affected by a change in the mix of products sold by such subsidiaries. for example, fixed annuities typically require more capital than variable annuities, and an increase in the proportion of fixed annuities sold in relation to variable annuities could increase the regulatory capital requirements of our life insurance subsidiaries. this may reduce the dividends or other permitted payments which could be made from those subsidiaries in the near term without the rating organizations viewing this negatively. further, the capital requirements imposed upon our subsidiaries may be impacted by heightened regulatory scrutiny and intervention, which could negatively affect our and our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends or make other permitted payments. additionally, in the past we have found it necessary and advisable to provide support to certain of our subsidiaries in order to maintain adequate capital for regulatory or other purposes and we may provide such support in the future. the provision of such support could adversely affect our excess capital, liquidity, and the dividends or other permitted payments received from our subsidiaries.
33
the operation of our business in foreign markets and our investments in non-u.s. denominated securities and investment products subjects us to exchange rate and other risks in connection with international operations and earnings and income generated overseas.
while we are a u.s.-based company, a significant portion of our business operations occurs outside of the u.s. and some of our investments are not denominated in u.s. dollars. as a result, we are exposed to certain foreign currency exchange risks that could reduce u.s. dollar equivalent earnings as well as negatively impact our general account and other proprietary investment portfolios. appreciation of the u.s. dollar could unfavorably affect net income from foreign operations, the value of non-u.s. dollar denominated investments and investments in foreign subsidiaries. in comparison, depreciation of the u.s. dollar could positively affect our net income from foreign operations and the value of non-u.s. dollar denominated investments, though such depreciation could also diminish investor, creditor and rating organizations' perceptions of our company compared to peer companies that have a relatively greater proportion of foreign operations or investments.
we may seek to mitigate these risks by employing various hedging strategies including entering into derivative contracts. currency fluctuations, including the effect of changes in the value of u.s. dollar denominated investments that vary from the amounts ultimately needed to hedge our exposure to changes in the u.s. dollar equivalent of earnings and equity of these operations, may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
in addition, conducting and increasing our international operations subjects us to new risks that, generally, we have not faced in the u.s., including: (i) unexpected changes in foreign regulatory requirements, (ii) difficulties in managing and staffing international operations, (iii) potentially adverse tax consequences, including the complexities of foreign value added tax systems and restrictions on the repatriation of earning, (iii) the localization of our solutions and related costs, (iv) the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and different legal standards, including laws and regulations; (v) increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; and (vi) local, regional and global political, social and economic instability abroad. the occurrence of any one of these risks could negatively affect our international business and, consequently, our results of operations generally. additionally, operating in international markets also requires significant management attention and financial resources. we cannot be certain that the investment and additional resources required in establishing, acquiring or integrating operations in other countries, or adjusting to changes in local or regional political environments (such as may result from brexit) will produce desired levels of revenues or profitability.
as an example, with brexit there is a significant degree of uncertainty about how negotiations relating to the uk's withdrawal and new trade agreements will be conducted, as well as the potential consequences and precise timeframe for brexit. it is expected that the uk's exit from the eu will take place within two years of the uk notifying the european council that it intends to withdraw from the eu. during this period and beyond, the impact of any partial or complete dissolution of the eu on the uk and european economies and the broader global economy could be significant, resulting in negative impacts on currency and financial markets generally, such as increased volatility and illiquidity, and potentially lower economic growth in markets in the uk, europe and globally, which may adversely affect the value of the columbia threadneedle fund's portfolio investments. the uk has one of the largest economies in europe, and member countries of the eu are substantial trading partners of the uk. the city of london's economy is dominated by financial services, some of which may have to move outside of the uk postreferendum (e.g., currency trading, international settlement). under the referendum, banks may be forced to move staff and comply with two separate sets of rules or lose business to banks in europe. furthermore, the referendum creates the potential for decreased trade, the possibility of capital outflows, devaluation of the pound sterling, the cost of higher corporate bond spreads due to uncertainty, and the risk that all the above could damage business and consumer spending as well as foreign direct investment. as a result of the referendum, the british economy and its currency may be negatively impacted by changes to its economic and political relations with the eu. any further exits from the eu, or the possibility of such exits, would likely cause additional market disruption globally and introduce new legal and regulatory uncertainties. the impact of brexit in the near- and long-term is still unknown and could have additional adverse effects on economies, financial markets, currencies and asset valuations around the world.
the occurrence of natural or man-made disasters and catastrophes could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the occurrence of natural disasters and catastrophes, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, fires, blackouts, severe winter weather, explosions, pandemic disease and man-made disasters, including acts of terrorism, insurrections and military actions, could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. such disasters and catastrophes may damage our facilities, preventing our employees and financial advisors from performing their roles or otherwise disturbing our ordinary business operations and by impacting insurance claims, as described below. these impacts could be particularly severe to the extent they affect our computer-based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems and destroy or release valuable data. such disasters and catastrophes may also impact us indirectly by changing the condition and behaviors of our customers, business counterparties and regulators, as well as by causing declines or volatility in the economic and financial markets.
the potential effects of natural and man-made disasters and catastrophes on certain of our businesses include but are not limited to the following: (i) a catastrophic loss of life may materially increase the amount of or accelerate the timing in which benefits are paid under our insurance policies; (ii) significant widespread property damage may materially increase the amount of claims submitted under our property casualty insurance policies; (iii) an increase in claims and any resulting increase in claims reserves caused by a disaster may harm the financial condition of our reinsurers, thereby impacting the cost and availability of reinsurance and the probability of default
34
on reinsurance recoveries; and (iv) declines and volatility in the financial markets may decrease the value of our assets under management and administration, which could harm our financial condition and reduce our management fees.
we cannot predict the timing and frequency with which natural and man-made disasters and catastrophes may occur, nor can we predict the impact that changing climate conditions may have on the frequency and severity of natural disasters or on overall economic stability and sustainability. as such, we cannot be sure that our actions to identify and mitigate the risks associated with such disasters and catastrophes, including predictive modeling, establishing liabilities for expected claims, acquiring insurance and reinsurance and developing business continuity plans, will be effective.
legal, regulatory and tax risks legal and regulatory actions are inherent in our businesses and could result in financial losses or harm our businesses.
we are, and in the future may be, subject to legal and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of our operations, both domestically and internationally. actions brought against us may result in awards, settlements, penalties, injunctions or other adverse results, including reputational damage. in addition, we may incur significant expenses in connection with our defense against such actions regardless of their outcome. various regulatory and governmental bodies have the authority to review our products and business practices and those of our employees and independent financial advisors and to bring regulatory or other legal actions against us if, in their view, our practices, or those of our employees or advisors, are improper. pending legal and regulatory actions include proceedings relating to aspects of our businesses and operations that are specific to us and proceedings that are typical of the industries and businesses in which we operate. some of these proceedings have been brought on behalf of various alleged classes of complainants. in certain of these matters, the plaintiffs are seeking large and/or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages. see item 3 of this annual report on form 10-k - "legal proceedings." in or as a result of turbulent times, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings generally increase.
our businesses are regulated heavily, and changes to the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses may have an adverse effect on our operations, reputation and financial condition.
virtually all aspects of our business, including the activities of our parent company and our various subsidiaries, are subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations. for a discussion of the regulatory framework in which we operate, see "business - regulation." included in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. compliance with these applicable laws and regulations is time-consuming and personnel-intensive, and we have invested and will continue to invest substantial resources to ensure compliance by our parent company and our subsidiaries, directors, officers, employees, registered representatives and agents. any enforcement actions, investigations or other proceedings brought against us or our subsidiaries, directors, employees or advisors by our regulators may result in fines, injunctions or other disciplinary actions that could harm our reputation or impact our results of operations. further, any changes to the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses, as well as changes to the interpretation and enforcement of such laws and regulations, may affect our operations and financial condition. such changes may impact our operations and profitability and the practices of our advisors, including with respect to the scope of products and services provided, the manner in which products and services are marketed and sold and the incurrence of additional costs of doing business. ongoing changes to regulation and oversight of the financial industry may produce results, the full impact of which cannot be immediately ascertained. in addition, we expect the worldwide demographic trend of population aging will cause policymakers to continue to focus on the framework of u.s. and non-u.s. retirement systems, which may drive additional changes regarding the manner in which individuals plan for and fund their retirement, the extent of government involvement in retirement savings and funding, the regulation of retirement products and services and the oversight of industry participants. for example, we continue to see enhanced legislative and regulatory interest regarding retirement investing, financial advisors and investment professionals, and we will continue to closely review and monitor any legislative or regulatory proposals and changes. any incremental requirements, costs and risks imposed on us in connection with such current or future legislative or regulatory changes may constrain our ability to market our products and services to potential customers, and could negatively impact our profitability and make it more difficult for us to pursue our growth strategy.
certain examples of legislative and regulatory changes that may impact our businesses are described below. some of the changes resulting from rules and regulations called for under the dodd-frank act could present operational challenges and increase costs. for example, in the area of derivatives, higher margin and capital requirements, coupled with more restrictive collateral rules, could impact our ability to effectively manage and hedge risk. ultimately these complexities and increased costs could have an impact on our ability to offer cost-effective and innovative insurance products to our clients.
as a result of our deregistration as a savings and loan holding company, we are no longer subject to regulation, supervision and examination as such by the board of governors for the frb. however, the dodd-frank act authorizes the financial stability oversight committee ("fsoc") to designate certain non-bank institutions as systemically important financial institutions subject to regulation as such by the frb. in the event we are so designated in the future, we would again be subject to enhanced supervision and prudential standards, including requirements related to risk-based capital, leverage, liquidity, credit exposure, stress-testing, resolution plans, early remediation, and certain risk management requirements. any such designation could cause us to alter our business practices or otherwise adversely impact our results of operation.
in september 2013, at the fsoc's request, the office of financial research issued a report entitled "asset management and financial stability" discussing whether the asset-management industry of selected firms should be subject to enhanced prudential standards and functional supervision. although the report remains under significant scrutiny, the scope of the fsoc's focus on the asset management
35
industry continues to evolve, and our asset management businesses are currently under the illustrative assets under management thresholds mentioned in the report as possible triggers for increased supervision, potential impacts on our asset management businesses could include additional reporting requirements, redemption restrictions, imposition of standardized risk management practices, imposition of securities lending and cash collateral reinvestment practices, personnel compensation restrictions, and consolidated supervision of asset managers and their parent companies, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. on january 12, 2017 the financial stability board, an international body that can make its own recommendations but not enact regulations, issued policy recommendations to address their view of structural vulnerabilities from asset management activities that calls for more stringent controls and oversight in the industry and potentially labeling some asset managers as systemically important.
any mandated reductions or restructuring of the fees we charge for our products and services resulting from regulatory initiatives or proceedings could reduce our revenues and/or earnings. fees paid by mutual funds in accordance with plans and agreements of distribution adopted under rule 12b-1 promulgated under the investment company act and by other sources of managed products are commonly found as a means for product manufacturers and distribution platforms to address the costs of these products and investor education. the sec has in the past and could again propose measures that would establish a new framework to repeal rule 12b-1.
certain industry-wide reduction or restructuring of rule 12b-1 fees, or other servicing fees, could impact our ability to distribute our own mutual funds and/or the fees we receive for distributing other companies' mutual funds to our commission-based brokerage customers, which could, in turn, impact our revenues and/or earnings.
the department of labor published regulations in april 2016 that would expand the scope of who is considered an erisa fiduciary and these regulations focus in large part on investment recommendations made by financial advisors, registered investment advisors, and other investment professionals to retirement investors, how financial advisors are able to discuss ira rollovers, as well as how financial advisors and affiliates can transact with retirement investors. tax qualified accounts, particularly iras, make up a significant portion of our assets under management and administration. while effective on june 7, 2016, these regulations are not scheduled to become applicable until april 10, 2017. as of february 3, 2017, per various memoranda and statements issued by president trump and the department of labor, these regulations were under review by the department of labor. on february 9, 2017, the office of management and budget received a proposed regulation from the department of labor to delay the applicability date of the regulation. as a result, it is unclear whether the department of labor will delay the applicability of the regulations in the form they were adopted in april 2016 as well as whether the regulations as adopted in 2016 will be substantially rescinded or revised by the department of labor. in light of the uncertainty regarding the fiduciary regulation, while we prudently continue to prepare to comply with the department of labor's investment fiduciary regulations and exemptions in the form in which they were adopted in april 2016, we are also evaluating the impact to our clients, financial advisors and business should the department of labor decide to delay, rescind or revise the regulations per the developments since president trump's inauguration as generally described above. depending on the span and substance of any final regulations and timing of their applicability, the scope of any implementation could impact the way we compensate our advisors, particularly with respect to the sale of commission-based products, the access that representatives of affiliated and unaffiliated product manufacturers could have to our advisors and clients, and the manner and degree to which we and our advisors could have selling and marketing costs reimbursed by product manufacturers. we have incurred infrastructure costs in anticipation of compliance with the new regulations in the form in which they were adopted in april 2016, and ongoing costs will be driven by any final regulations as they evolve over the course of time. depending on the final regulations, we could be subject to both increased litigation risk and the possibility of overlapping or competing requirements from other regulators. our solutions may be different than some or all of our competitors which may lead us to having a competitive advantage or disadvantage as compared to our peers. how our advisors, prospective advisor recruits, distribution partners, competitors and the broader financial industry adapt to any final regulation, or how clients, prospective clients and regulators react to industry and business changes driven thereof, will evolve over the course of time.
our insurance companies are subject to state regulation and must comply with statutory reserve and capital requirements. state regulators, as well as the naic, continually review and update these requirements and other requirements relating to the business operations of insurance companies, including their underwriting and sales practices and their use of affiliated captive insurers. changes in these requirements that are made for the benefit of the consumer sometimes lead to additional expense for the insurer and, thus, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in december 2012, the naic adopted a new reserve valuation manual that applies principles-based reserve standards to life insurance products. the valuation manual has been adopted by the required number of states and the percentage of u.s. insurance premium threshold has been reached, therefore, the valuation manual was effective for companies domiciled in adopted states on january 1, 2017. minnesota adopted the valuation manual in 2016 and new york has announced it will adopt the valuation manual in january 2018. the riversource life companies are developing an implementation plan and will use the three-year transition period for implementation of this reserve standard. the requirement for principles-based life insurance reserves may result in statutory reserves being more sensitive to changes in interest rates, policyholder behavior and other market factors. it is not possible at this time to estimate the potential impact of future changes in statutory reserve and capital requirements on our insurance businesses. further, we cannot predict the effect that proposed federal legislation may have on our businesses or competitors, such as the option of federally chartered insurers, a mandated federal systemic risk regulator, future initiatives of the fio within the department of the treasury or by any of the domiciliary regulators or the international association of insurance supervisors with respect to insurance holding company supervision, capital standards or systemic risk regulation. for additional discussion on the role and activities of the fio, see the information provided under the heading "regulation - insurance regulation" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
36
changes in the supervision and regulation of the financial industry, both domestically and internationally, could materially impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
the dodd-frank act, enacted into law in 2010 called for sweeping changes in the supervision and regulation of the financial services industry designed to provide for greater oversight of financial industry participants, reduce risk in banking practices and in securities and derivatives trading, enhance public company corporate governance practices and executive compensation disclosures, and provide greater protections to individual consumers and investors. certain elements of the dodd-frank act became effective immediately, though the details of other provisions remain subject to additional studies and will not be known until regulatory agencies adopt final rules. the full impact of the dodd-frank act on our company, the financial industry and the economy cannot be known until the rules and regulations called for under the act have been finalized, and, in some cases, implemented over time.
accordingly, while certain elements of these reforms have yet to be finalized and implemented (and implemented aspects of dodd-frank could even be changed under the new u.s. administration), the act has impacted and is expected to further impact the manner in which we market our products and services, manage our company and its operations and interact with regulators, all of which could materially impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. certain provisions of the dodd-frank act that may impact our business include but are not limited to the establishment of a fiduciary standard for broker-dealers, the resolution authority granted to the fdic, changes in regulatory oversight and greater oversight over derivatives instruments and trading. we will need to respond to changes to the framework for the supervision of u.s. financial institutions, including the actions of the fsoc. to the extent the dodd-frank act or other new regulation of the financial services industry impacts the operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements of unaffiliated financial institutions with whom we transact business, those institutions may seek to pass on increased costs, reduce their capacity to transact, or otherwise present inefficiencies in their interactions with us.
it is uncertain whether the dodd-frank act, the rules and regulations developed thereunder, or any future legislation designed to stabilize the financial markets, the economy generally, or provide better protections to consumers, will have the intended effect. any new domestic or international legislation or regulatory changes could require us to change certain business practices, impose additional costs, or otherwise adversely affect our business operations, regulatory reporting relationships, results of operations or financial condition. consequences may include substantially higher compliance costs as well as material effects on fee rates, interest rates and foreign exchange rates, which could materially impact our investments, results of operations and liquidity in ways that we cannot predict. in addition, prolonged government support for, and intervention in the management of, private institutions could distort customary and expected commercial behavior on the part of those institutions, adversely impacting us.
in recent years, other national and international authorities have also proposed measures intended to increase the intensity of regulation of financial institutions, requiring greater coordination among regulators and efforts to harmonize regulatory regimes. these measures have included enhanced risk-based capital requirements, leverage limits, liquidity and transparency requirements, single counterparty exposure limits, governance requirements for risk management, stress-test requirements, debt-to-equity limits for certain companies, early remediation procedures, resolution and recovery planning and guidance for maintaining appropriate risk culture. our international operations and our worldwide consolidated operations are subject to the jurisdiction of certain of these non-u.s. authorities and may be materially adversely affected by their actions and decisions. potential measures taken by foreign and international authorities also include the nationalization or expropriation of assets, the imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies, changes in laws (including tax laws and regulations) and in their application or interpretation, imposition of large fines, political instability, dividend limitations, price controls, changes in applicable currency, currency exchange controls, or other restrictions that prevent us from transferring funds from these operations out of the countries in which they operate or converting local currencies we hold to u.s. dollars or other currencies. any of these changes or actions may negatively affect our business. a further result of our non-u.s. operations is that we are subject to regulation by non-u.s. regulators and u.s. regulators such as the department of justice and the sec with respect to the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977. we expect the scope and extent of regulation outside the u.s., as well as general regulatory oversight, to continue to increase.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.
we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our intellectual property. although we use a broad range of measures to protect our intellectual property rights, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect our copyrights, trademarks, patents, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which represents a diversion of resources that may be significant in amount and may not prove successful. the loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete.
we also may be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges our operations or activities infringe upon or constitute misappropriation of such other party's intellectual property rights. third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents or other protections that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or services or could otherwise limit our ability to offer certain product features. any party that holds such a patent could make a claim of infringement against us. we may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark, license usage rights, or misappropriation of trade secret rights. any such claims and any resulting litigation could result in significant liability for damages. if we were found to have infringed or misappropriated a third-party patent or other intellectual property rights, we could incur substantial liability, and in some circumstances could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers or utilizing and benefiting from certain methods, processes, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or licenses, or alternatively could be required to enter into costly licensing
37
arrangements with third parties, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
changes in and the adoption of accounting standards or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in applying accounting policies could have a material impact on our financial statements and changes in the regulation of independent registered public accounting firms are present with increasing frequency in connection with broader market reforms.
our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets or liabilities and results of operations and are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective, and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. if those assumptions, estimates or judgments were incorrectly made, we could be required to correct and restate prior period financial statements.
we prepare our financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. from time to time, the financial accounting standards board, the sec and other regulators may change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. in addition, the conduct of our independent registered public accounting firm is overseen by the public company accounting oversight board ("pcaob"). these and other regulators may make additional inquiries regarding, or change their application of, existing laws and regulations regarding our independent auditor, financial statements or other financial reports and the possibility of such additional inquiries or changes is increasing in frequency in connection with broader market reforms. these changes are difficult to predict, and could impose additional governance, internal control and disclosure demands. in some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. it is possible that the changes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. for example, pricewaterhousecoopers llp ("pwc") informed us that it has identified a potential issue related to its independence under rule 2-01(c)(1)(ii)(a) of regulation s-x (referred to as the "loan rule"). the loan rule prohibits accounting firms, such as pwc, from being deemed independent if they have certain financial relationships with their audit clients or certain affiliates of those clients. pursuant to the sec's application of the loan rule, pwc has advised us that certain relationships between pwc and its lenders who also are record owners of various funds in the columbia threadneedle family of funds (collectively, the "columbia threadneedle funds") or certain other entities within the ameriprise financial, inc. investment company complex, may implicate the loan rule. on june 20, 2016, the staff of the sec issued a "no-action" letter confirming that it would not recommend that the sec commence enforcement action against an unrelated fund that relied on audit services performed by an audit firm that was not in compliance with the loan rule in certain specified circumstances. the sec staff stated that the relief under the letter is temporary and will expire 18 months after the issuance of the letter. if it was determined that pwc was not independent, or we do not receive some form of exemptive relief, among other things, the financial statements audited by pwc and the interim financial statements reviewed by pwc may have to be audited and reviewed, respectively, by another independent registered public accounting firm. pwc has advised us that, based on its knowledge and analyses of our facts and circumstances, it is not aware of any facts that would preclude reliance by us, our affiliates and other entities within the ameriprise financial, inc. investment company complex on the no-action letter. pwc has also affirmed to us that they are able to exercise objective and impartial judgment in their audits of us, our affiliates and the columbia threadneedle funds, are independent accountants within the meaning of pcaob rule 3520 and in their view can continue to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm. the company has considered disclosures made to it by pwc of lending relationships described by pwc, pwc's representation that it is independent within the meaning of the public company accounting oversight board rule 3520 auditor independence, and representations made to the company's audit committee by pwc that pwc believes that a reasonable investor possessing all the facts regarding the lending relationships and audit relationships would conclude that pwc is able to exhibit the requisite objectivity and impartiality to report on the company's financial statements as the independent registered public accounting firm. based on the foregoing, the company does not believe that pwc is incapable of exercising objective and impartial judgment with respect to the audit services to us, our affiliates or the columbia threadneedle funds.
changes in u.s. federal income or estate tax law could make some of our products less attractive to clients.
many of the products we issue or on which our businesses are based (including both insurance products and non-insurance products) receive favorable treatment under current u.s. federal income or estate tax law. changes in u.s. federal income or estate tax law could reduce or eliminate the tax advantages of certain of our products and thus make such products less attractive to clients.
changes in corporate tax laws and regulations and in the interpretation of such laws and regulations, as well as adverse determinations regarding the application of such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our earnings.
we are subject to the income tax laws of the u.s., its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we have significant business operations. these tax laws are complex and may be subject to different interpretations. we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining the provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. in addition, changes to the internal revenue code, administrative rulings or court decisions could increase our provision for income taxes and reduce our earnings.
it is possible there will be corporate tax reform in the next few years. while impossible to predict, corporate tax reform is likely to include a reduction in the corporate tax rate coupled with reductions in tax preferred items. potential tax reform may also affect the
38
u.s. tax rules regarding international operations. any changes could have a material impact on our income tax expense and deferred tax balances.
risks relating to our common stock the market price of our shares may fluctuate.
the market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: (i) changes in expectations concerning our future financial performance and the future performance of the financial services industry in general, including financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts; (ii) differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; (iii) our strategic moves and those of our competitors, such as acquisitions, divestitures or restructurings; (iv) changes in the regulatory framework of the financial services industry and regulatory action; (v) changes in and the adoption of accounting standards and securities and insurance rating agency processes and standards applicable to our businesses and the financial services industry; and (vi) changes in general economic or market conditions.
stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of delaware law may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the market value of our common stock.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law contain provisions intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making them unacceptably expensive to the raider and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include, among others: (i) elimination of the right of our shareholders to act by written consent; (ii) rules regarding how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at shareholder meetings, either directly or through proxies; (iii) the right of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; and (iv) limitations on the rights of shareholders to remove directors.
delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock.
we believe these provisions protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors time to assess any acquisition proposal. they are not intended to make our company immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of our company and our shareholders.
the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities may result in a dilution of interest or adversely affect the price of our common stock.
our certificate of incorporation allows our directors to authorize the issuance of additional shares of our common stock, as well as other forms of equity or securities that may be converted into equity securities, without shareholder approval. we have in the past and may in the future issue additional equity or convertible securities in order to raise capital, in connection with acquisitions or for other purposes. any such issuance may result in a significant dilution in the interests of our current shareholders and adversely impact the market price of our common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the "forward-looking statements," our consolidated financial statements and notes that follow and the "consolidated five-year summary of selected financial data" and the "risk factors" included in our annual report on form 10-k. references to "ameriprise financial," "ameriprise," the "company," "we," "us," and "our" refer to ameriprise financial, inc. exclusively, to our entire family of companies, or to one or more of our subsidiaries.
overview ameriprise financial is a diversified financial services company with a more than 120 year history of providing financial solutions. we offer a broad range of products and services designed to achieve the financial objectives of individual and institutional clients. we are america's leader in financial planning and a leading global financial institution with $787.4 billion in assets under management and administration as of december 31, 2016. for additional discussion of our businesses, see part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the financial results from the businesses underlying our go-to-market approaches are reflected in our five operating segments:
   advice &amp; wealth management;
   asset management;
   annuities;
   protection; and
   corporate &amp; other.
our operating segments are aligned with the financial solutions we offer to address our clients' needs. the products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. revenues and net income are significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our retail and institutional clients as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. these factors, in turn, are largely determined by overall investment market performance and the depth and breadth of our individual client relationships.
financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. in addition, the business and regulatory environment in which we operate remains subject to elevated uncertainty and change. to succeed, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives. the success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors."
equity price, credit market and interest rate fluctuations can have a significant impact on our results of operations, primarily due to the effects they have on the asset management and other asset-based fees we earn, the "spread" income generated on our fixed annuities, fixed insurance, deposit products and the fixed portion of variable annuities and variable insurance contracts, the value of deferred acquisition costs ("dac") and deferred sales inducement costs ("dsic") assets, the values of liabilities for guaranteed benefits associated with our variable annuities and the values of derivatives held to hedge these benefits.
earnings, as well as operating earnings, will continue to be negatively impacted by the ongoing low interest rate environment. in addition to continuing spread compression in our interest sensitive product lines, a sustained low interest rate environment may
42
result in increases to our reserves and changes in various rate assumptions we use to amortize dac and dsic, which may negatively impact our operating earnings. for additional discussion on our interest rate risk, see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
in the third quarter of the year, we updated our market-related inputs and implemented model changes related to our living benefit valuation. in addition, we conducted our annual review of life insurance and annuity valuation assumptions relative to current experience and management expectations including modeling changes. these aforementioned changes are collectively referred to as unlocking. our unlocking process also includes premium deficiency testing for certain insurance products. the unfavorable unlocking impact of $219 million in the third quarter of 2016 primarily reflected continued low interest rates and higher persistency on living benefit contracts that more than offset benefits from persistency on annuity contracts without living benefits, an update to market-related inputs for our living benefit valuation and other model updates. our long-term interest rate assumption remains unchanged, but we extended the period it would take for rates to reach our long term level from 3.5 years to 5.5 years. in addition, our review of our closed long term care ("ltc") business in the third quarter of 2016 resulted in a loss recognition of $31 million due to continued low interest rates, higher morbidity and higher reinsurance expenses, slightly offset by premium increases. the $31 million is comprised of $58 million of amortization of dac and the release of the related deferred reinsurance liability of $27 million. the favorable unlocking impact of $48 million in the third quarter of 2015 primarily reflected improved policyholder behavior, an update to market-related inputs related to our living benefit valuation and model changes that more than offset the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the low interest rate environment. our review of our ltc business in the third quarter of 2015 resulted in no loss recognition as better-than-expected premium increases, which were reflected in our projections, offset higher morbidity and lower interest rates. see our consolidated and segment results of operations sections below for the pretax impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking and additional discussion of the drivers of the unlocking impact.
we consolidate certain variable interest entities for which we provide asset management services. these entities are defined as consolidated investment entities ("cies"). while the consolidation of the cies impacts our balance sheet and income statement, our exposure to these entities is unchanged and there is no impact to the underlying business results. effective january 1, 2016, we adopted asu 2015-02 - consolidation: amendments to the consolidation analysis ("asu 2015-02") and deconsolidated several collateralized loan obligations ("clos") and all previously consolidated property funds. see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for the adoption impact. effective january 1, 2016, we no longer have net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily due to the deconsolidation of property funds. the results of operations of the cies are reflected in the corporate & other segment. on a consolidated basis, the management fees we earn for the services we provide to the cies and the related general and administrative expenses are eliminated and the changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities related to the cies, primarily syndicated loans and debt, are reflected in net investment income. we continue to include the fees from these entities in the management and financial advice fees line within our asset management segment. effective january 1, 2016, we adopted asu 2014-13 - consolidation: measuring the financial assets and the financial liabilities of a consolidated collateralized financing entity and elected the measurement alternative. as a result, the carrying value of the cie debt is set equal to the fair value of the cie assets; therefore the changes in the fair value of assets and liabilities related to cies is nil. the cie debt held by ameriprise financial is eliminated in consolidation. see note 3 and note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
while our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), management believes that operating measures, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, net of the related dsic and dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization; the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments; integration and restructuring charges; income (loss) from discontinued operations; and the impact of consolidating cies, best reflect the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitate a more meaningful trend analysis. management uses certain of these non-gaap measures to evaluate our financial performance on a basis comparable to that used by some securities analysts and investors. also, certain of these non-gaap measures are taken into consideration, to varying degrees, for purposes of business planning and analysis and for certain compensation-related matters. throughout our management's discussion and analysis, these non-gaap measures are referred to as operating measures. these non-gaap measures should not be viewed as a substitute for u.s. gaap measures.
it is management's priority to increase shareholder value over a multi-year horizon by achieving our on-average, over-time financial targets.
our financial targets are:
   operating total net revenue growth of 6% to 8%,
   operating earnings per diluted share growth of 12% to 15%, and
   operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci") of 19% to 23%.
43
the following tables reconcile our gaap measures to operating measures:
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                        2015
(in millions)
total net revenues                                         $11,696                 $12,170
less: revenue attributable to cies                             128                     446
less: net realized investment gains                              6                       4
less: market impact on indexed universal life benefits          24                       7
less: market impact of hedges on investments                     3                     (21     )
operating total net revenues                               $11,535                 $11,734
years ended december 31,                              per diluted share years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                               2015                   2016                    2015
(in millions, except per share amounts)
net income attributable to ameriprise financial                    $1,314                  $1,562                  $7.81                   $8.48
less: net loss attributable to cies                                    (2     )                 -                  (0.01     )                 -
add: integration/restructuring charges(1)                               -                       5                      -                    0.03
add: market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits(1)         216                     214                   1.28                    1.16
add: market impact on indexed universal life benefits(1)              (36     )                 1                  (0.21     )              0.01
add: market impact of hedges on investments(1)                         (3     )                21                  (0.02     )              0.11
less: net realized investment gains(1)                                  6                       4                   0.03                    0.02
tax effect of adjustments(2)                                          (60     )               (83     )            (0.36     )             (0.45     )
operating earnings                                                 $1,427                  $1,716                  $8.48                   $9.32
weighted average common shares outstanding:
basic                                                               166.3                   181.7
diluted                                                             168.2                   184.2
(1) pretax operating adjustments.
(2) calculated using the statutory tax rate of 35%.
the following table reconciles the trailing twelve months' sum of net income attributable to ameriprise financial to operating earnings and the five-point average of quarter-end equity to operating equity:
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                       2015
(in millions)
net income attributable to ameriprise financial                            $1,314                  $1,562
less: adjustments(1)                                                         (113     )              (154     )
operating earnings                                                         $1,427                  $1,716
total ameriprise financial, inc. shareholders' equity                      $6,877                  $7,782
less: aoci, net of tax                                                        426                     516
total ameriprise financial, inc. shareholders' equity, excluding aoci       6,451                   7,266
less: equity impacts attributable to cies                                      27                     216
operating equity                                                           $6,424                  $7,050
return on equity, excluding aoci                                             20.4     %              21.5     %
operating return on equity, excluding aoci(2)                                22.2     %              24.3     %
(1) adjustments reflect the trailing twelve months' sum of after-tax net realized investment gains/losses, net of dsic and dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges and related dsic and dac
44
amortization; the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization, and the reinsurance accrual; the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments; integration and restructuring charges; and net income (loss) from consolidated investment entities. after-tax is calculated using the statutory tax rate of 35%.
(2) operating return on equity, excluding aoci, is calculated using the trailing twelve months of earnings excluding the after-tax net realized investment gains/losses, net of dsic and dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual; market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges and related dsic and dac amortization; the market impact on indexed universal benefits, net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization, and the reinsurance accrual; the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments; integration and restructuring charges; net income (loss) from consolidated investment entities; and discontinued operations in the numerator, and ameriprise financial shareholders' equity, excluding aoci and the impact of consolidating investment entities using a five-point average of quarter-end equity in the denominator. after-tax is calculated using the statutory rate of 35%.
critical accounting estimates the accounting and reporting policies that we use affect our consolidated financial statements. certain of our accounting and reporting policies are critical to an understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition and, in some cases, the application of these policies can be significantly affected by the estimates, judgments and assumptions made by management during the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. the accounting and reporting policies and estimates we have identified as fundamental to a full understanding of our consolidated results of operations and financial condition are described below. see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further information about our accounting policies.
valuation of investments the most significant component of our investments is our available-for-sale securities, which we carry at fair value within our consolidated balance sheets. the fair value of our available-for-sale securities at december 31, 2016 was primarily obtained from third-party pricing sources. for a discussion on our accounting policies related to the valuation of our investments and other-than-temporary impairments, see note 2 and note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
deferred acquisition costs we incur costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance and annuity businesses. the portion of these costs which are incremental and direct to the acquisition of a new or renewal insurance policy or annuity contract are deferred. significant costs capitalized include sales based compensation related to the acquisition of new and renewal insurance policies and annuity contracts, medical inspection costs for successful sales, and a portion of employee compensation and benefit costs based upon the amount of time spent on successful sales. sales based compensation paid to advisors and employees and third-party distributors is capitalized. employee compensation and benefits costs which are capitalized relate primarily to sales efforts, underwriting and processing. all other costs which are not incremental direct costs of acquiring an insurance policy or annuity contract are expensed as incurred.
we monitor principal dac amortization assumptions, such as persistency, mortality, morbidity, interest margin, variable annuity benefit utilization and maintenance expense levels each quarter and, when assessed independently, each could impact our dac balance.
the analysis of the dac balance and the corresponding amortization is a dynamic process that considers all relevant factors and assumptions described previously. unless management identifies a significant deviation over the course of the quarterly monitoring, management reviews and updates these dac amortization assumptions annually in the third quarter of each year.
non-traditional long-duration products for our non-traditional long-duration products (including variable and fixed annuity contracts, universal life ("ul") and variable universal life ("vul") insurance products), our dac balance at any reporting date is based on projections that show management expects there to be estimated gross profits ("egps") after that date to amortize the remaining balance. these projections are inherently uncertain because they require management to make assumptions about financial markets, mortality levels and contractholder and policyholder behavior over periods extending well into the future. projection periods used for our annuity products are typically 30 to 50 years and for our ul insurance products 50 years or longer.
egps vary based on persistency rates (assumptions at which contractholders and policyholders are expected to surrender, make withdrawals from and make deposits to their contracts), mortality levels, client asset value growth rates (based on equity and bond market performance), variable annuity benefit utilization and interest margins (the spread between earned rates on invested assets and rates credited to contractholder and policyholder accounts). changes in these assumptions can be offsetting and we are unable to predict their movement or offsetting impact over time. when assumptions are changed, the percentage of egps used to amortize dac might also change. a change in the required amortization percentage is applied retrospectively; an increase in amortization percentage will result in a decrease in the dac balance and an increase in dac amortization expense, while a decrease in amortization percentage will result in an increase in the dac balance and a decrease in dac amortization expense.
the client asset value growth rates are the rates at which variable annuity and vul insurance contract values invested in separate accounts are assumed to appreciate in the future. the rates used vary by equity and fixed income investments. management reviews and, where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions with respect to client asset value growth rates on a regular basis. the long-term client asset value growth rates are based on assumed gross annual returns of 9% for equity funds and 6.6% for fixed income funds. we typically use a five-year mean reversion process as a guideline in setting near-term equity fund growth rates based on a long-term view
45
of financial market performance as well as recent actual performance. the suggested near-term equity fund growth rate is reviewed quarterly to ensure consistency with management's assessment of anticipated equity market performance.
a decrease of 100 basis points in separate account fund growth rate assumptions is likely to result in an increase in dac amortization and an increase in benefits and claims expense for variable annuity and vul insurance contracts. the following table presents the estimated impact to current period pretax income:
estimated impact to pretax income (1)
dac amortization                                                                                                                        benefits and claims expense                             total
(in millions)
decrease in future near- and long-term fixed income fund growth returns by 100 basis points   $(21                        )                           $(64                        )                           $(85                        )
decrease in future near-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points                   $(21                        )                           $(42                        )                           $(63                        )
decrease in future long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points                   (16                         )                           (27                         )                           (43                         )
decrease in future near- and long-term equity fund growth returns by 100 basis points         $(37                        )                           $(69                        )                           $(106                       )
(1) an increase in the above assumptions by 100 basis points would result in an increase to pretax income for approximately the same amount.
an assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption would not necessarily be an indicator of future results.
traditional long-duration products for our traditional long-duration products (including traditional life, disability income ("di") and long term care ("ltc") insurance products), our dac balance at any reporting date is based on projections that show management expects there to be adequate premiums after the date to amortize the remaining balance. these projections are inherently uncertain because they require management to make assumptions over periods extending well into the future. these assumptions include interest rates, persistency rates and mortality and morbidity rates and are not modified (unlocked) unless recoverability testing deems to be inadequate. projection periods used for our traditional life insurance are up to 30 years. projection periods for our di products can be up to 45 years. projection periods for ltc are often 50 years or longer. during the third quarter of 2016, premium deficiency testing of ltc resulted in the impairment of all ltc dac. we may experience accelerated amortization of dac if policies terminate earlier than projected or a slower rate of amortization of dac if policies persist longer than projected.
for traditional life and di insurance products, the assumptions provide for adverse deviations in experience and are revised only if management concludes experience will be so adverse that dac are not recoverable. if management concludes that dac are not recoverable, dac are reduced to the amount that is recoverable based on best estimate assumptions.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our dac accounting policy.
policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims we establish reserves to cover the risks associated with non-traditional and traditional long-duration products and short-duration products. reserves for non-traditional long-duration products include the liabilities related to guaranteed benefit provisions added to variable annuity contracts, variable and fixed annuity contracts and ul and vul policies and the embedded derivatives related to variable annuity contracts, equity indexed annuities ("eia") and indexed universal life ("iul") insurance. reserves for traditional long-duration products are established to provide adequately for future benefits and expenses for term life, whole life, di and ltc insurance products. reserves for short-duration products are established to provide adequately for incurred losses primarily related to auto and home policies.
the establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions and data elements. if actual experience is better than or equal to the results of the estimation process, then reserves should be adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses. if actual experience is worse than the results of the estimation process, additional reserves may be required.
non-traditional long-duration products liabilities for fixed account values on variable and fixed deferred annuities and ul and vul policies are equal to accumulation values, which are the cumulative gross deposits and credited interest less withdrawals and various charges.
a portion of our ul and vul policies have product features that result in profits followed by losses from the insurance component of the contract. these profits followed by losses can be generated by the cost structure of the product or secondary guarantees in the contract. the secondary guarantee ensures that, subject to specified conditions, the policy will not terminate and will continue to provide a death benefit even if there is insufficient policy value to cover the monthly deductions and charges. the liability for these future losses is determined using actuarial models to estimate the death benefits in excess of account value and the expected assessments (e.g. cost of insurance charges, contractual administrative charges, similar fees and investment margin). significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency and
46
investment margins and are consistent with those used for dac valuation for the same contracts. see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding the liability for contracts with secondary guarantees.
liabilities for both eia products and indexed accounts of iul products are equal to the accumulation of host contract values covering guaranteed benefits and the fair value of embedded equity options.
the majority of the variable annuity contracts offered by us contain guaranteed minimum death benefit ("gmdb") provisions. when market values of the customer's accounts decline, the death benefit payable on a contract with a gmdb may exceed the contract accumulation value. we also offer variable annuities with death benefit provisions that gross up the amount payable by a certain percentage of contract earnings which are referred to as gain gross-up ("ggu") benefits. in addition, we offer contracts with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit ("gmwb") and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefit ("gmab") provisions and, until may 2007, we offered contracts containing guaranteed minimum income benefit ("gmib") provisions.
the gmdb and ggu liability is determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the projected contract accumulation value and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments (e.g., mortality and expense fees, contractual administrative charges and similar fees).
if elected by the contract owner and after a stipulated waiting period from contract issuance, a gmib guarantees a minimum lifetime annuity based on a specified rate of contract accumulation value growth and predetermined annuity purchase rates. the gmib liability is determined each period by estimating the expected value of annuitization benefits in excess of the projected contract accumulation value at the date of annuitization and recognizing the excess over the estimated life based on expected assessments.
the liability for the life contingent benefits associated with gmwb provisions is determined by estimating the expected value of benefits that are contingent upon survival after the account value is equal to zero and recognizing the benefits over the estimated life based on expected assessments (e.g., mortality and expense fees, contractual administrative charges and similar fees).
in determining the liabilities for gmdb, ggu, gmib and the life contingent benefits associated with gmwb, we project these benefits and contract assessments using actuarial models to simulate various equity market scenarios. significant assumptions made in projecting future benefits and assessments relate to customer asset value growth rates, mortality, persistency, benefit utilization and investment margins and are consistent with those used for dac valuation for the same contracts. as with dac, management reviews, and where appropriate, adjusts its assumptions each quarter. unless management identifies a material deviation over the course of quarterly monitoring, management reviews and updates these assumptions annually in the third quarter of each year.
see the above table in the discussion of "deferred acquisition costs" for the estimated impact to benefits and claims expense related to variable annuity and vul insurance contracts resulting from a decrease of 100 basis points in separate account fund growth rate assumptions.
the fair value of embedded derivatives related to gmab and the non-life contingent benefits associated with gmwb provisions fluctuates based on equity, interest rate and credit markets which can cause these embedded derivatives to be either an asset or a liability. in addition, embedded derivatives are impacted by an estimate of our current nonperformance risk adjustment. this estimate results in a spread over the libor swap curve as of the balance sheet date. as our estimate of this spread over libor widens or tightens, the liability will increase or decrease. see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements for information regarding the fair value measurement of embedded derivatives.
traditional long-duration products the liabilities for traditional long-duration products include liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported claims, estimates of benefits payable on claims incurred but not yet reported and estimates of benefits that will become payable on term life, whole life, di and ltc policies as claims are incurred in the future.
liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported life insurance claims are equal to the death benefits payable under the policies.
liabilities for unpaid amounts on reported di and ltc claims include any periodic or other benefit amounts due and accrued, along with estimates of the present value of obligations for continuing benefit payments. these unpaid amounts are calculated using anticipated claim continuance rates based on established industry tables, adjusted as appropriate for our experience. the discount rates used to calculate present values are based on average interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability for unpaid amounts.
liabilities for estimated benefits payable on claims that have been incurred but not yet reported are based on periodic analysis of the actual time lag between when a claim occurs and when it is reported.
liabilities for estimates of benefits that will become payable on future claims on term life, whole life, di and ltc policies are based on the net level premium method, using anticipated premium payments, mortality and morbidity rates, policy persistency and interest rates earned on assets supporting the liability. anticipated mortality and morbidity rates are based on established industry mortality and morbidity tables, with modifications based on our experience. anticipated premium payments and persistency rates vary by policy form, issue age, policy duration and certain other pricing factors.
for term life, whole life, di and ltc policies, we utilize best estimate assumptions as of the date the policy is issued with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. after the liabilities are initially established, management performs premium deficiency tests using best estimate assumptions without provisions for adverse deviation annually in the third quarter of each year
47
unless management identifies a material deviation over the course of quarterly monitoring. if the liabilities determined based on these best estimate assumptions are greater than the net reserves (i.e., gaap reserves net of any dac balance), the existing net reserves are adjusted by first reducing the dac balance by the amount of the deficiency or to zero through a change to current period earnings. if the deficiency is more than the dac balance, then the net reserves are increased by the excess through a charge to current period earnings. if a premium deficiency is recognized, the assumptions as of the date of the loss recognition are locked in and used in subsequent periods. the assumptions for ltc insurance products are management's best estimate as of the date of loss recognition and thus no longer provide for adverse deviations in experience.
short-duration products the liabilities for short-duration products primarily include auto and home reserves comprised of amounts determined from loss reports on individual claims, as well as amounts based on historical loss experience for losses incurred but not yet reported. such liabilities are based on estimates. our methods for making such estimates and for establishing the resulting liabilities are continually reviewed, and any adjustments are reflected in earnings in the period such adjustments are made.
see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our policyholder account balances, future policy benefits and claims accounting policy.
derivative instruments and hedging activities we use derivative instruments to manage our exposure to various market risks. all derivatives are recorded at fair value. the fair value of our derivative instruments is determined using either market quotes or valuation models that are based upon the net present value of estimated future cash flows and incorporate current market observable inputs to the extent available.
for further details on the types of derivatives we use and how we account for them, see note 2, note 14 and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements. for discussion of our market risk exposures and hedging program and related sensitivity testing, see item 7a. "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
income tax accounting inherent in the provision for income taxes are estimates and judgments regarding the tax treatment of certain items. estimates and judgments are re-evaluated on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. in the event that the ultimate tax treatment of items differs from our estimates, we may be required to significantly change the provision for income taxes recorded in our consolidated financial statements.
we are required to establish a valuation allowance for any portion of our deferred tax assets that management believes will not be realized. significant judgment is required in determining if a valuation allowance should be established, and the amount of such allowance if required. factors used in making this determination include estimates relating to the performance of the business. consideration is given to, among other things in making this determination, (i) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, (ii) future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, (iii) taxable income in prior carryback years, and (iv) tax planning strategies. management may need to identify and implement appropriate planning strategies to ensure our ability to realize our deferred tax assets and reduce the likelihood of the establishment of a valuation allowance with respect to such assets.
see note 2 and note 21 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our accounting policies for income taxes and our valuation allowance.
recent accounting pronouncements for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements and their expected impact on our future consolidated results of operations and financial condition, see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements.
sources of revenues and expenses management and financial advice fees management and financial advice fees relate primarily to fees earned from managing mutual funds, separate account and wrap account assets and institutional investments, as well as fees earned from providing financial advice, administrative services (including transfer agent and administration fees earned from providing services to retail mutual funds) and other custodial services. management and financial advice fees include performance-based incentive management fees, which we may receive on certain management contracts. management and financial advice fees also include mortality and expense risk fees.
distribution fees distribution fees primarily include point-of-sale fees (such as mutual fund front-end sales loads) and asset-based fees (such as 12b-1 distribution and shareholder service fees). distribution fees also include amounts received under marketing support arrangements for sales of mutual funds and other companies' products, such as through our wrap accounts, as well as surrender charges on annuities and ul and vul insurance.
48
net investment income net investment income primarily includes interest income on fixed maturity securities classified as available-for-sale, mortgage loans, policy and certificate loans, other investments, cash and cash equivalents and investments of cies; the changes in fair value of trading securities, certain derivatives and certain assets and liabilities of cies; the pro rata share of net income or loss on equity method investments; and realized gains and losses on the sale of securities and charges for other-than-temporary impairments of investments related to credit losses.
premiums premiums include premiums on auto and home insurance, traditional life, di and ltc insurance and immediate annuities with a life contingent feature and are net of reinsurance premiums.
other revenues other revenues primarily include variable annuity guaranteed benefit rider charges and ul and vul insurance charges, which consist of cost of insurance charges (net of reinsurance premiums and cost of reinsurance for ul insurance products) and administrative charges. prior to january 1, 2016, we also recorded revenue related to consolidated property funds managed by threadneedle. these revenues represented rental income of managed properties and changes in the fair value of real estate held in consolidated property funds. effective january 1, 2016, the property funds were deconsolidated due to the adoption of asu 2015-02.
for discussion of our accounting policies on revenue recognition, see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements.
banking and deposit interest expense banking and deposit interest expense primarily includes interest expense related to investment certificates. the changes in fair value of stock market certificate embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging stock market certificates are included within banking and deposit interest expense.
distribution expenses distribution expenses primarily include compensation paid to our financial advisors, registered representatives, third-party distributors and wholesalers, net of amounts capitalized and amortized as part of dac. the amounts capitalized and amortized are based on actual distribution costs. the majority of these costs, such as advisor and wholesaler compensation, vary directly with the level of sales. distribution expenses also include marketing support and other distribution and administration related payments made to affiliated and unaffiliated distributors of products provided by our affiliates. the majority of these expenses vary with the level of sales, or assets held, by these distributors, and the remainder is fixed. distribution expenses also include wholesaling costs.
interest credited to fixed accounts interest credited to fixed accounts represents amounts earned by contractholders and policyholders on fixed account values associated with ul and vul insurance and annuity contracts. the changes in fair value of eia and iul embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these products are included within interest credited to fixed accounts.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses consist of amounts paid and changes in liabilities held for anticipated future benefit payments under insurance policies and annuity contracts, along with costs to process and pay such amounts. amounts are net of benefit payments recovered or expected to be recovered under reinsurance contracts. benefits under variable annuity guarantees include the changes in fair value of gmwb and gmab embedded derivatives and the derivatives hedging these benefits, as well as the changes in fair value of derivatives hedging gmdb provisions. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses also include amortization of dsic.
amortization of dac direct sales commissions and other costs capitalized as dac are amortized over time. for annuity and ul contracts, dac are amortized based on projections of estimated gross profits over amortization periods equal to the approximate life of the business. for other insurance products, dac are generally amortized as a percentage of premiums over amortization periods equal to the premium-paying period.
interest and debt expense interest and debt expense primarily includes interest on corporate debt and debt of cies, the impact of interest rate hedging activities and amortization of debt issuance costs.
general and administrative expense general and administrative expense includes compensation, share-based awards and other benefits for employees (other than employees directly related to distribution, including financial advisors), professional and consultant fees, information technology, facilities and equipment, advertising and promotion, legal and regulatory and corporate related expenses.
49
assets under management and administration assets under management ("aum") include external client assets for which we provide investment management services, such as the assets of the columbia threadneedle funds, assets of institutional clients and assets of clients in our advisor platform held in wrap accounts as well as assets managed by sub-advisers selected by us. aum also includes certain assets on our consolidated balance sheets for which we provide investment management services and recognize management fees in our asset management segment, such as the assets of the general account and the variable product funds held in the separate accounts of our life insurance subsidiaries and cies. these assets do not include assets under advisement, for which we provide model portfolios but do not have full discretionary investment authority. corporate & other aum primarily includes former bank assets that are managed within our corporate & other segment.
assets under administration ("aua") include assets for which we provide administrative services such as client assets invested in other companies' products that we offer outside of our wrap accounts. these assets include those held in clients' brokerage accounts. we generally record revenues received from administered assets as distribution fees. we do not exercise management discretion over these assets and do not earn a management fee. these assets are not reported on our consolidated balance sheets. aua also includes certain assets on our consolidated balance sheets for which we do not provide investment management services and do not recognize management fees, such as investments in non-affiliated funds held in the separate accounts of our life insurance subsidiaries. these assets do not include assets under advisement, for which we provide model portfolios but do not have full discretionary investment authority.
the following table presents detail regarding our aum and aua:
december 31,                              change
2016                                                            2015
(in billions)
assets under management and administration advice &amp; wealth management aum      $199.7                $179.5               $20.2              11    %
asset management aum                     454.4                 471.9               (17.5    )         (4    )
corporate &amp; other aum                  0.3                   0.7                (0.4    )        (57    )
eliminations                             (24.8    )            (23.1    )           (1.7    )         (7    )
total assets under management            629.6                 629.0        0.6                        -
total assets under administration        157.8                 147.7        10.1                       7
total aum and aua                       $787.4                $776.7               $10.7               1    %
total aum was flat at $629.6 billion as of december 31, 2016 compared to $629.0 billion as of december 31, 2015. advice & wealth management aum increased $20.2 billion, or 11%, compared to the prior year driven by wrap account net inflows and market appreciation. asset management aum decreased $17.5 billion, or 4%, compared to the prior year driven by net outflows and the negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by market appreciation. see our segment results of operations discussion below for additional information on changes in our aum.
50
consolidated results of operations year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
the following table presents our consolidated results of operations:
years ended december 31,                           change
2016                                                                                     2015
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees                           $5,778                  $5,950               $(172   )        (3   )%
distribution fees                                               1,795                   1,847                 (52   )        (3    )
net investment income                                           1,576                   1,688                (112   )        (7    )
premiums                                                        1,491                   1,455                  36             2
other revenues                                                  1,095                   1,260                (165   )       (13    )
total revenues                                                 11,735                  12,200                (465   )        (4    )
banking and deposit interest expense                               39                      30                   9            30
total net revenues                                             11,696                  12,170                (474   )        (4    )
expenses distribution expenses                                           3,202                   3,276                 (74   )        (2    )
interest credited to fixed accounts                               623                     668                 (45   )        (7    )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses                2,646                   2,261                 385            17
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                        415                     354                  61            17
interest and debt expense                                         241                     387                (146   )       (38    )
general and administrative expense                              2,977                   3,082                (105   )        (3    )
total expenses                                                 10,104                  10,028                  76             1
pretax income                                                   1,592                   2,142                (550   )       (26    )
income tax provision                                              278                     455                (177   )       (39    )
net income                                                      1,314                   1,687                (373   )       (22    )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests           -                     125                (125   )             nm net income attributable to ameriprise financial                $1,314                  $1,562               $(248   )       (16   )%
nm not meaningful.
overall pretax income decreased $550 million, or 26%, to $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.1 billion for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking, asset management net outflows and a $127 million decrease in net income (loss) from cies, partially offset by the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual), a $24 million favorable change in the market impact of hedges on investments, and the impact on dac, dsic and reserves for insurance features in non-traditional long-duration contracts from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance.
net income (loss) from cies for the year ended december 31, 2016 was a loss of $2 million compared to income of $125 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the deconsolidation of cies effective january 1, 2016. results for the year ended december 31, 2016 included $46 million of management fees we earned for services provided to deconsolidated cies. these fees were eliminated on a consolidated basis in the prior year.
the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual) was a benefit of $36 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to an expense of $1 million for the prior year.
the impact on dac, dsic and reserves for insurance features in non-traditional long-duration contracts from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance was a benefit of $18 million ($6 million for dac, $2 million for dsic and $10 million for insurance features in non-traditional long duration contracts) for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflecting favorable bond fund returns compared to a net expense of $12 million ($15 million for dac, $4 million for dsic and a $7 million benefit for insurance features in non-traditional long duration contracts) for the prior year reflecting unfavorable equity market and bond fund returns.
51
the following table presents the total pretax impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking for the years ended december 31:
pretax increase (decrease)                                   2016            2015
(in millions)
premiums                                                   $-             $(3   )
other revenues                                             64               8
total revenues                                             64               5
distribution expenses                                     (27   )           -
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses          229             (58   )
amortization of dac                                        81              15
total expenses                                            283             (43   )
total(1)                                                $(219   )         $48
(1) includes a $16 million and $6 million net benefit related to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits and indexed universal life benefits for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
net revenues net revenues decreased $474 million, or 4%, to $11.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $12.2 billion for the prior year due to decreases in management and financial advice fees, distribution fees, net investment income and other revenues. net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 included $128 million of cie revenues compared to $446 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the cie deconsolidation.
management and financial advice fees decreased $172 million, or 3%, to $5.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $6.0 billion for the prior year primarily due to lower asset-based fees driven by a decrease in average aum and a $44 million decrease in performance fees. average aum decreased $28.3 billion, or 4%, compared to the prior year due to asset management net outflows and the negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by wrap account net inflows. see our discussion on the changes in aum in our segment results of operations section. management and financial advice fees for the year ended december 31, 2016 included $46 million of fees we earned for services provided to clos and property funds that were deconsolidated effective january 1, 2016. these fees were eliminated on a consolidated basis in the prior year.
distribution fees decreased $52 million, or 3%, to $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower transactional volume, partially offset by higher brokerage cash spread due to an increase in short-term interest rates.
net investment income decreased $112 million, or 7%, to $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1.7 billion for the prior year primarily due to a $76 million decrease in cie net investment income, a $35 million decrease in investment income on fixed maturities driven by low interest rates and a $26 million increase in losses related to investments in affordable housing partnerships, partially offset by a $24 million favorable change in the market impact of hedges on investments. net investment income for the year ended december 31, 2016 included $155 million of cie net investment income compared to $231 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the cie deconsolidation.
other revenues decreased $165 million, or 13%, to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1.3 billion for the prior year due to a $290 million decrease in cie other revenues reflecting the cie deconsolidation, partially offset by the impact of unlocking, the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits and higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date and higher average fee rates on variable annuity guarantees. the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits was a positive $24 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to a positive $7 million for the prior year. other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 included a $64 million favorable impact from unlocking compared to an $8 million favorable impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 was a positive impact from higher projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from unfavorable mortality experience. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues for the prior year was a positive impact from model updates related to our indexed universal life product, partially offset by a negative impact from lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience.
expenses total expenses increased $76 million, or 1%, to $10.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $10.0 billion for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking, partially offset by lower distribution expenses and the cie deconsolidation. expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 included $130 million of cie expenses compared to $321 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the cie deconsolidation.
52
distribution expenses decreased $74 million, or 2%, to $3.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $3.3 billion for the prior year driven by lower advisor compensation due to lower transactional volume, as well as a $27 million benefit related to the release of the deferred reinsurance liability in connection with loss recognition testing of ltc insurance products in the third quarter of 2016.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $45 million, or 7%, to $623 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $668 million for the prior year primarily due to lower average fixed annuity account balances and the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, net of hedges, partially offset by higher average variable annuities fixed sub-account balances. the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, net of hedges was a benefit of $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to an expense of $4 million for the prior year. average fixed annuity account balances decreased $976 million, or 9%, to $10.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year as older policies continue to lapse and new sales are limited due to low interest rates. average variable annuities fixed sub-account balances increased $179 million, or 4%, to $5.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased $385 million, or 17%, to $2.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.3 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
   the year ended december 31, 2016 included a $229 million expense from unlocking compared to a $58 million benefit in the prior year. the unlocking impact for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily reflected continued low interest rates and an unfavorable impact from persistency on living benefit reserves, partially offset by a benefit from updates to withdrawal utilization and fee assumptions, as well as market-related inputs related to our living benefit valuation. the unlocking impact for the prior year primarily reflected an update to market-related inputs related to our living benefit valuation and a benefit from model changes that more than offset the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the low interest rate environment.
   a $39 million increase in ltc reserves in 2016, which included a $29 million out-of-period correction related to our claim utilization assumption, a $5 million out-of-period correction related to our waiver of premium claim reserve and a $5 million impact from assumption changes for our active life reserve valuation as a result of loss recognition.
   a $28 million favorable impact in the prior year from updating future experience assumptions related to life rider benefits.
   a $24 million increase in expense related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date.
   a $40 million decrease in benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses related to our auto and home business due to improved current year loss performance and a $20 million decrease in reserves in 2016 due to favorable prior year reserve development compared to a $57 million increase in reserves in 2015 due to unfavorable prior year reserve development, partially offset by an increase in catastrophe losses compared to the prior year and a $26 million increase in additional losses. catastrophe losses were $104 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $72 million for the prior year.
amortization of dac increased $61 million, or 17%, to $415 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $354 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
   the impact of unlocking was an expense of $81 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to an expense of $15 million for the prior year. the unlocking impact for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily reflected continued low interest rates that more than offset benefits from persistency on annuity contracts without living benefits. in connection with the loss recognition on ltc insurance products in the third quarter of 2016, we impaired $58 million of dac due to continued low interest rates, higher morbidity and higher reinsurance expenses, slightly offset by premium increases.
   the dac offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual) was an expense of $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to an expense of $4 million for the prior year.
   the impact on dac from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance was a benefit of $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to an expense of $15 million for the prior year reflecting favorable bond fund returns in 2016 compared to unfavorable equity market and bond fund returns in the prior year.
interest and debt expense decreased $146 million, or 38%, to $241 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $387 million for the prior year primarily due to a $135 million decrease in cie interest and debt expense reflecting the cie deconsolidation.
general and administrative expenses decreased $105 million, or 3%, to $3.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $3.1 billion for the prior year primarily due to a $56 million decrease in cie expenses reflecting the cie deconsolidation, a $10 million decrease in compensation related to lower performance fees, a benefit from the impact of foreign exchange, lower performance-based compensation, lower investment spending and a decrease in expenses related to technology, service delivery and advertising, partially offset by $30 million of incremental expense related to the planning and implementation
53
of the new department of labor fiduciary standard, an increase in staff and investments in our auto and home business and $23 million of expense in the second quarter of 2016 from the resolution of a legacy legal matter related to the hedge fund business.
income taxes our effective tax rate was 17.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 21.3% for the prior year. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 was lower than the statutory rate as a result of tax preferred items including the dividends received deduction, low income housing tax credits, lower taxes on net income from foreign subsidiaries and a $27 million benefit related to final resolution on the 1997 through 2005 internal revenue service ("irs") audit. the decrease in the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year was primarily due to lower pretax income in relation to tax preferred items.
results of operations by segment year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
operating earnings is the measure of segment profit or loss management uses to evaluate segment performance. operating earnings should not be viewed as a substitute for gaap pretax income. we believe the presentation of segment operating earnings as we measure it for management purposes enhances the understanding of our business by reflecting the underlying performance of our core operations and facilitating a more meaningful trend analysis. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the presentation of segment results and our definition of operating earnings.
the following table presents summary financial information by segment:
years ended december 31,
2016                                                          2015
(in millions)
advice &amp; wealth management net revenues                        $5,036                  $5,013
expenses                             4,125                   4,154
operating earnings                    $911                    $859
asset management net revenues                        $2,964                  $3,254
expenses                             2,343                   2,493
operating earnings                    $621                    $761
annuities net revenues                        $2,463                  $2,541
expenses                             2,134                   1,891
operating earnings                    $329                    $650
protection net revenues                        $2,506                  $2,384
expenses                             2,330                   2,201
operating earnings                    $176                    $183
corporate &amp; other net revenues                          $(28     )                $3
expenses                               244         202
operating loss                       $(272     )             $(199     )
54
the following table presents the segment pretax operating impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking:
segment pretax operating increase (decrease)             years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                                        2015
annuities                                                           protection              annuities       protection
(in millions)
premiums                                                 $-                            $-               $-                        $(3   )
other revenues                                           -                             64               -                          (5   )
total revenues                                           -                             64               -                          (8   )
distribution expenses                                    -                            (27     )         -                           -
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses              197                      46               (61       )                 6
amortization of dac                                            18                      65               (5        )                10
total expenses                                                215                      84               (66       )                16
total                                                    $(215      )                $(20     )         $66                      $(24   )
advice & wealth management the following table presents the changes in wrap account assets and average balances for the years ended december 31:
2016                                                                          2015
(in billions)
beginning balance                                   $180.5              $174.7
net flows                                             10.2                11.1
market appreciation (depreciation) and other          10.4                (5.3   )
ending balance                                      $201.1              $180.5
advisory wrap account assets ending balance(1)      $198.9              $178.9
average advisory wrap account assets(2)             $187.3              $178.5
(1) advisory wrap account assets represent those assets for which clients receive advisory services and are the primary driver of revenue earned on wrap accounts. clients may hold non-advisory investments in their wrap accounts that do not incur an advisory fee.
(2) average ending balances are calculated using an average of the prior period's ending balance and all months in the current period.
wrap account assets increased $20.6 billion, or 11%, during the year ended december 31, 2016 due to net inflows of $10.2 billion and market appreciation and other of $10.4 billion. net flows decreased $0.9 billion, or 8%, compared to the prior year. average advisory wrap account assets increased $8.8 billion, or 5%, compared to the prior year primarily due to net inflows.
55
the following table presents the results of operations of our advice & wealth management segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                       change
2016                                                                2015
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees      $2,707                  $2,629               $78            3   %
distribution fees                          2,109                   2,195               (86   )       (4   )
net investment income                        186                     146                40           27
other revenues                                73                      73                 -            -
total revenues                             5,075                   5,043                32            1
banking and deposit interest expense          39                      30                 9           30
total net revenues                         5,036                   5,013                23            -
expenses distribution expenses                      3,072                   3,081                (9   )        -
interest and debt expense                      8                       8                 -            -
general and administrative expense         1,045                   1,065               (20   )       (2   )
total expenses                             4,125                   4,154               (29   )       (1   )
operating earnings                          $911                    $859               $52            6   %
our advice & wealth management segment pretax operating earnings, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, increased $52 million, or 6%, to $911 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $859 million for the prior year reflecting growth in wrap account assets and higher earnings on brokerage cash and short-term investments, partially offset by lower transactional volume. pretax operating margin was 18.1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 17.1% for the prior year.
net revenues net revenues exclude net realized investment gains or losses. net revenues increased $23 million to $5.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year due to higher management and financial advice fees and net investment income, partially offset by lower distribution fees. operating net revenue per branded advisor increased to $518,000 for the year ended december 31, 2016, up 1%, from $514,000 for the prior year reflecting asset growth, offset by lower transactional volume.
management and financial advice fees increased $78 million, or 3%, to $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.6 billion for the prior year due to growth in wrap account assets. average advisory wrap account assets increased $8.8 billion, or 5%, compared to the prior year primarily due to net inflows.
distribution fees decreased $86 million, or 4%, to $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.2 billion for the prior year primarily due to lower transactional volume, partially offset by higher brokerage cash spread due to an increase in short-term interest rates.
net investment income increased $40 million, or 27%, to $186 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $146 million for the prior year primarily due to an increase in invested balances driven by certificate net inflows and higher investment yields.
expenses total expenses decreased $29 million, or 1%, to $4.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $4.2 billion for the prior year due to a $9 million decrease in distribution expenses from lower advisor compensation and a $20 million decrease in general and administrative expense primarily due to lower expenses related to technology, service delivery and advertising.
asset management fee waivers have been provided to the columbia money market funds (the "funds") by columbia management and certain other subsidiaries performing services for the funds for the purpose of reducing the expenses charged to a fund in a given period to maintain or improve a fund's net yield in that period. our subsidiaries may enter into contractual arrangements with the funds identifying the specific fees to be waived and/or expenses to be reimbursed, as well as the time period for which such waivers will apply. in aggregate, we voluntarily waived fees of $3 million, $8 million and $10 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
in 2016, we completed our acquisition of emerging global advisors, llc ("ega"), a registered investment adviser and provider of strategic beta portfolios based on emerging markets. the acquisition added approximately $1.0 billion in assets under management.
56
the following tables present the mutual fund performance of our retail columbia threadneedle funds as of december 31:
columbiamutual fund rankings in top 2 lipper quartiles                                                 2016        2015
domestic equity                                          equal weighted                   1 year    56   %       68   %
3 year    75   %       68   %
5 year    71   %       57   %
asset weighted                   1 year    41   %       77   %
3 year    81   %       76   %
5 year    75   %       74   %
international equity                                     equal weighted                   1 year    20   %       55   %
3 year    55   %       82   %
5 year    70   %       65   %
asset weighted                   1 year    12   %       33   %
3 year    44   %       46   %
5 year    47   %       41   %
taxable fixed income                                     equal weighted                   1 year    72   %       68   %
3 year    76   %       47   %
5 year    76   %       65   %
asset weighted                   1 year    75   %       73   %
3 year    83   %       52   %
5 year    86   %       80   %
tax exempt fixed income                                  equal weighted                   1 year    74   %       83   %
3 year    89   %      100   %
5 year   100   %      100   %
asset weighted                   1 year    59   %       97   %
3 year    86   %      100   %
5 year   100   %      100   %
asset allocation funds                                   equal weighted                   1 year    31   %       90   %
3 year   100   %       78   %
5 year    75   %       88   %
asset weighted                   1 year    15   %      100   %
3 year   100   %       79   %
5 year    82   %       98   %
number of funds with 4 or 5 morningstar star ratings                                     overall    51           55
3 year    45           57
5 year    44           45
percent of funds with 4 or 5 morningstar star ratings                                    overall    54   %       54   %
3 year    48   %       56   %
5 year    47   %       47   %
percent of assets with 4 or 5 morningstar star ratings                                   overall    64   %       66   %
3 year    64   %       66   %
5 year    53   %       57   %
mutual fund performance rankings are based on the performance of class z fund shares for columbia branded mutual funds. only funds with class z shares are included.
equal weighted rankings in top 2 quartiles: counts the number of funds with above median ranking divided by the total number of funds. asset size is not a factor.
asset weighted rankings in top 2 quartiles: sums the total assets of the funds with above median ranking divided by total assets of all funds. funds with more assets will receive a greater share of the total percentage above or below median.
57
threadneedleretail fund rankings in top 2 morningstar quartiles or above index benchmark            2016        2015
equity                          equal weighted                                         1 year    26   %       65   %
3 year    58   %       74   %
5 year    72   %       76   %
asset weighted                                         1 year    40   %       68   %
3 year    67   %       71   %
5 year    67   %       84   %
fixed income                    equal weighted                                         1 year    70   %       56   %
3 year    59   %       45   %
5 year    65   %       67   %
asset weighted                                         1 year    68   %       81   %
3 year    74   %       72   %
5 year    69   %       61   %
allocation (managed) funds      equal weighted                                         1 year    67   %       75   %
3 year   100   %       86   %
5 year    83   %      100   %
asset weighted                                         1 year    70   %       86   %
3 year   100   %       92   %
5 year    92   %      100   %
the performance of each fund is measured on a consistent basis against the most appropriate benchmark - a peer group of similar funds or an index.
equal weighted: counts the number of funds with above median ranking (if measured against peer group) or above index performance (if measured against an index) divided by the total number of funds. asset size is not a factor.
asset weighted: sums the assets of the funds with above median ranking (if measured against peer group) or above index performance (if measured against an index) divided by the total sum of assets in the funds. funds with more assets will receive a greater share of the total percentage above or below median or index.
aggregated allocation (managed) funds include funds that invest in other funds of the threadneedle range including those funds that invest in both equity and fixed income.
aggregated threadneedle data includes funds on the threadneedle platform sub-advised by columbia management as well as advisors not affiliated with ameriprise financial, inc.
beginning in the first quarter of 2016, the columbia management and threadneedle aum rollforwards have been combined to align with the columbia threadneedle investments brand, which represents the combined capabilities, resources and reach of both firms. in addition, we combined the rollforwards for institutional and alternative aum and included the change in affiliated general account assets in the market appreciation (depreciation) and other line within the combined aum rollforward. all changes were made on a retrospective basis.
the following table presents managed assets by type:
december 31,                                           change                                              average(1)                                           change december 31,
2016                                                      2015                 2016                        2015
(in billions)
equity                      $240.0                      $255.5                      $(15.5      )            (6     )%               $242.7                      $271.5                      $(28.8      )           (11     )%
fixed income                 175.9                       176.6                        (0.7      )             -                       179.0                       188.1                        (9.1      )            (5      )
money market                   6.3                         7.5                        (1.2      )           (16      )                  7.1                         6.8                         0.3                    4
alternative                    7.4                         8.2                        (0.8      )           (10      )                  7.5                         7.9                        (0.4      )            (5      )
hybrid and other              24.8                        24.1                         0.7                    3                        24.5                        22.2                         2.3                   10
total managed assets        $454.4                      $471.9                      $(17.5      )            (4     )%               $460.8                      $496.5                      $(35.7      )            (7     )%
(1) average ending balances are calculated using an average of the prior period's ending balance and all months in the current period.
58
the following tables present the changes in global managed assets:
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                  2015
(in billions)
global retail funds beginning assets                            $263.9                  $281.5
inflows                                       52.2                    54.2
acquisition related inflows(1)                 1.0                       -
outflows                                     (63.5     )             (67.4     )
net vp/vit fund flows                         (2.0     )              (0.7     )
net new flows                                (12.3     )             (13.9     )
reinvested dividends                           8.1                    13.4
net flows                                     (4.2     )              (0.5     )
distributions                                 (9.9     )             (16.4     )
market appreciation and other(2)(4)           15.2                     1.3
foreign currency translation(3)(4)            (5.1     )              (2.0     )
total ending assets                          259.9                   263.9
global institutional beginning assets                             208.0                   224.1
inflows                                       24.1                    27.3
outflows                                     (38.5     )             (42.6     )
net flows                                    (14.4     )             (15.3     )
market appreciation and other(4)(5)(6)        13.5                     3.7
foreign currency translation(3)(4)           (12.6     )              (4.5     )
total ending assets                          194.5                   208.0
total managed assets                        $454.4                  $471.9
total net flows                             $(18.6     )            $(15.8     )
former parent company related(7)
retail net new flows                         $(1.3     )             $(2.3     )
institutional net new flows                   (8.6     )             (12.5     )
total net new flows                          $(9.9     )            $(14.8     )
(1) inflows associated with acquisitions that closed during the period.
(2) included in market appreciation and other for retail funds in 2015 are $(0.5) billion related to the sale of the multi-manager business.
(3) amounts represent local currency to us dollar translation for reporting purposes.
(4) prior to the third quarter of 2016, the foreign currency translation line represented british pound to us dollar conversion, while the impact of translating assets from a local currency to british pounds was included in market appreciation (depreciation) and other. beginning with the third quarter of 2016, the impact of translating assets from a local currency to british pounds has been reclassified to the foreign currency translation line. all prior periods have been restated.
(5) included in market appreciation and other for global institutional in 2016 and 2015 are $(0.4) billion and $(0.1) billion, respectively, due to the transfer of assets from separately managed accounts to unified managed accounts.
(6) includes $1.7 billion and $(1.6) billion for the total change in affiliated general account assets during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(7) former parent company related assets and net new flows are included in the rollforwards above.
in a referendum in june 2016, the united kingdom (uk) voted to leave the european union (eu), which caused volatility in capital and currency markets. the full impact of the british exit from the eu (commonly known as "brexit") remains uncertain. this uncertainty, which is expected to last for a lengthy period of time, has had and may continue to have a negative impact on our uk and european net flows and foreign currency translation resulting from the weakening of the british pound.
total segment aum decreased $17.5 billion, or 4%, during the year ended december 31, 2016 driven by net outflows, a negative impact of foreign currency translation and retail fund distributions, partially offset by market appreciation and other. total segment aum net outflows were $18.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, which included $9.9 billion of outflows of former parent-related assets. management expects, consistent with prior patterns of outflows, that outflows of primarily low margin assets directly or indirectly affiliated with former parent companies will continue for the foreseeable future. the overall impact to segment results is difficult to quantify due to uncertain timing, volume and mix of the outflows.
59
global retail funds decreased $4.0 billion, or 2%, during the year ended december 31, 2016 due to net outflows, distributions and a negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by market appreciation and other. global retail net outflows of $4.2 billion during the year ended december 31, 2016 included $2.5 billion of outflows from the columbia acorn fund, $1.3 billion of outflows from former parent-related assets, $2.0 billion of outflows of our variable product funds underlying insurance and annuity separate accounts and uk and european net outflows of $1.7 billion, partially offset by reinvested dividends of $8.1 billion and inflows of $1.0 billion related to the ega acquisition.
global institutional aum decreased $13.5 billion, or 6%, during the year ended december 31, 2016 due to net outflows of $14.4 billion and a $12.6 billion negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by market appreciation and other. global institutional net outflows included $0.7 billion from the termination of a former subadvisor and $8.6 billion of outflows of former parent-related assets.
the following table presents the results of operations of our asset management segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                           change
2016                                                                      2015
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees            $2,452                  $2,723               $(271   )       (10   )%
distribution fees                                  487                     499                 (12   )        (2   )
net investment income                               14                      23                  (9   )       (39   )
other revenues                                      11                       9                   2            22
total revenues                                   2,964                   3,254                (290   )        (9   )
banking and deposit interest expense                 -                       -                   -             -
total net revenues                               2,964                   3,254                (290   )        (9   )
expenses distribution expenses                            1,019                   1,091                 (72   )        (7   )
amortization of deferred acquisition costs          18                      17                   1             6
interest and debt expense                           21                      25                  (4   )       (16   )
general and administrative expense               1,285                   1,360                 (75   )        (6   )
total expenses                                   2,343                   2,493                (150   )        (6   )
operating earnings                                $621                    $761               $(140   )       (18   )%
our asset management segment pretax operating earnings, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $140 million, or 18%, to $621 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $761 million for the prior year primarily due to net outflows, a $34 million decrease in performance fees, net of related compensation, a $12 million negative impact of foreign exchange and a $9 million expense from the resolution of a legacy legal matter related to the hedge fund business, partially offset by continued expense management.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $290 million, or 9%, to $3.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $3.3 billion for the prior year primarily due to lower management and financial advice fees.
management and financial advice fees decreased $271 million, or 10%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.7 billion for the prior year as average aum decreased $35.7 billion, or 7%, compared to the prior year. the decrease in fees is driven by cumulative net outflows from our higher fee yielding retail funds, a negative foreign currency translation impact related to our uk and european aum and a $44 million decrease in performance fees. our average weighted equity index, which is a proxy for equity movements on aum, decreased 1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year.
expenses total expenses decreased $150 million, or 6%, to $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.5 billion for the prior year due to a $72 million decrease in distribution expenses from lower retail fund assets and a decrease in general and administrative expense.
general and administrative expense decreased $75 million, or 6%, to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1.4 billion for the prior year primarily due to a $10 million decrease in compensation related to lower performance fees, a benefit from the impact of foreign exchange, lower performance-based compensation and lower investment spending, partially offset by a $9 million expense from the resolution of a legacy legal matter related to the hedge fund business.
60
annuities the following table presents the results of operations of our annuities segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                           change
2016                                                                            2015
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees                    $732                    $755                $(23   )        (3   )%
distribution fees                                        349                     364                 (15   )        (4   )
net investment income                                    760                     848                 (88   )       (10   )
premiums                                                 116                     107                   9             8
other revenues                                           506                     467                  39             8
total revenues                                         2,463                   2,541                 (78   )        (3   )
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       -                   -             -
total net revenues                                     2,463                   2,541                 (78   )        (3   )
expenses distribution expenses                                    423                     446                 (23   )        (5   )
interest credited to fixed accounts                      478                     500                 (22   )        (4   )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses         780                     482                 298            62
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               209                     205                   4             2
interest and debt expense                                 33                      38                  (5   )       (13   )
general and administrative expense                       211                     220                  (9   )        (4   )
total expenses                                         2,134                   1,891                 243            13
operating earnings                                      $329                    $650               $(321   )       (49   )%
our annuities segment pretax operating income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses (net of the related dsic and dac amortization) and the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization), decreased $321 million, or 49%, to $329 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $650 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking, lower investment yields and the negative impact from fixed annuity net outflows, partially offset by the impact on dac, dsic and reserves for insurance features in non-traditional long-duration contracts from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance, as well as higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales, net of related expenses for reserve funding.
the impact on dac, dsic and reserves for insurance features in non-traditional long-duration contracts from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance was a benefit of $18 million ($6 million for dac, $2 million for dsic and $10 million for insurance features in non-traditional long duration contracts) for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflecting favorable bond fund returns compared to a net expense of $11 million ($14 million for dac, $4 million for dsic and a $7 million benefit for insurance features in non-traditional long duration contracts) for the prior year reflecting unfavorable equity market and bond fund returns.
we expect an ongoing impact of $40 million per year to variable annuity earnings relating to assumption changes made during the third quarter unlocking process. this impact is primarily from an increase in the growth rate of the living benefit reserve. results in the fourth quarter of 2016 included an $11 million negative impact from this change.
riversource variable annuity account balances increased 1% to $74.8 billion at december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year due to equity market appreciation, partially offset by net outflows of $2.2 billion.
riversource fixed annuity account balances declined 6% to $10.0 billion at december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year as older policies continue to lapse and new sales are limited due to low interest rates. given the current interest rate environment, our current fixed annuity book is expected to gradually run off and earnings on our fixed annuity business will trend down.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $78 million, or 3%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year primarily due to lower management and financial advice fees, distribution fees and net investment income, partially offset by higher other revenues.
management and financial advice fees decreased $23 million, or 3%, to $732 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $755 million for the prior year due to lower fees on variable annuities driven by lower average separate account balances. average variable annuity account balances decreased $2.6 billion, or 4%, from the prior year primarily due to net outflows.
61
net investment income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $88 million, or 10%, to $760 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $848 million for the prior year reflecting a decrease of approximately $49 million from lower invested assets primarily due to fixed annuity net outflows and approximately $39 million from lower interest rates.
other revenues increased $39 million, or 8%, to $506 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $467 million for the prior year due to higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date and higher average fee rates on variable annuity guarantees.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization) and the dac and dsic offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $243 million, or 13%, to $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking.
distribution expenses decreased $23 million, or 5%, to $423 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $446 million for the prior year due to lower variable annuity compensation driven by lower sales and lower average separate account balances.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $22 million, or 4%, to $478 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $500 million for the prior year driven by lower average fixed annuity account balances, partially offset by higher average variable annuities fixed sub-account balances. average fixed annuity account balances decreased $976 million, or 9%, to $10.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year as older policies continue to lapse and new sales are limited due to low interest rates. average variable annuities fixed sub-account balances increased $179 million, or 4%, to $5.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization) and the dsic offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $298 million, or 62%, to $780 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $482 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
   benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 included a $197 million expense from unlocking primarily reflecting continued low interest rates and an unfavorable impact from persistency on living benefit reserves, partially offset by a benefit from updates to withdrawal utilization and fee assumptions, as well as market-related inputs related to our living benefit valuation. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the prior year included a $61 million benefit from unlocking primarily reflecting an update to market-related inputs related to our living benefit valuation and a benefit from model changes that more than offset the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the low interest rate environment.
   a $24 million increase in expense related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date.
   a $9 million negative impact in the fourth quarter of 2016 from changes in assumptions in the third quarter unlocking process that result in ongoing increases to living benefit reserves.
amortization of dac, which excludes the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits and the dac offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $4 million, or 2%, to $209 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $205 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking, partially offset by the impact on dac from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance, which was a benefit of $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to an expense of $14 million for the prior year reflecting favorable bond fund returns in 2016 compared to unfavorable equity market and bond fund returns in the prior year. amortization of dac for the year ended december 31, 2016 included an $18 million expense from unlocking reflecting continued low interest rates, partially offset by benefits from persistency on annuity contracts without living benefits. our long-term interest rate assumption remains unchanged, but we extended the period it would take for rates to reach our long term level from 3.5 years to 5.5 years. amortization of dac for the prior year included a $5 million benefit from unlocking primarily driven by improved persistency that more than offset the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the low interest rate environment.
62
protection the following table presents the results of operations of our protection segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                         change
2016                                                                            2015
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees                     $51                     $55               $(4   )        (7   )%
distribution fees                                         98                      97                 1             1
net investment income                                    485                     468                17             4
premiums                                               1,396                   1,363                33             2
other revenues                                           476                     401                75            19
total revenues                                         2,506                   2,384               122             5
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       -                 -             -
total net revenues                                     2,506                   2,384               122             5
expenses distribution expenses                                     28                      59               (31   )       (53   )
interest credited to fixed accounts                      175                     164                11             7
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses       1,619                   1,538                81             5
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               201                     155                46            30
interest and debt expense                                 34                      32                 2             6
general and administrative expense                       273                     253                20             8
total expenses                                         2,330                   2,201               129             6
operating earnings                                      $176                    $183               $(7   )        (4   )%
our protection segment pretax operating earnings, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses (net of the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual) and the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual), decreased $7 million, or 4%, to $176 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $183 million for the prior year primarily due to a $29 million increase in ltc reserves in 2016 from a correction related to our claim utilization assumption and a $28 million favorable impact in the prior year from updating future experience assumptions related to life rider benefits, partially offset by lower auto and home losses and an $11 million unfavorable impact related to a reinsurance premium correction in the prior year.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses (net of unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual) and the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, increased $122 million, or 5%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.4 billion for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking and increases in net investment income and premiums.
net investment income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses, increased $17 million, or 4%, to $485 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $468 million for the prior year primarily reflecting higher average invested assets.
premiums increased $33 million, or 2%, to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the prior year primarily due to rate increases on our auto and home policies.
other revenues, which exclude the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits and the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $75 million, or 19%, to $476 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $401 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking and a $9 million unfavorable impact related to a life reinsurance premium correction in the prior year. other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 included a $64 million favorable impact from unlocking compared to a $5 million unfavorable impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 was a positive impact from higher projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from unfavorable mortality experience. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues for the prior year was lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization) and the dac offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $129 million, or 6%, to $2.3 billion for the year ended
63
december 31, 2016 compared to $2.2 billion for the prior year due to increases in benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, amortization of dac and general and administrative expense, partially offset by a decrease in distribution expenses.
distribution expenses decreased $31 million, or 53%, to $28 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $59 million for the prior year primarily due to a $27 million benefit related to the release of the deferred reinsurance liability in connection with loss recognition testing of ltc insurance products in the third quarter of 2016.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased $81 million, or 5%, to $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1.5 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
   benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 included a $46 million expense from unlocking primarily reflecting continued low interest rates and unfavorable mortality experience. benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses for the prior year included a $6 million expense from unlocking.
   a $39 million increase in ltc reserves in 2016, which included a $29 million out-of-period correction related to our claim utilization assumption, a $5 million out-of-period correction related to our waiver of premium claim reserve and a $5 million impact from assumption changes for our active life reserve valuation as a result of loss recognition.
   a $28 million favorable impact in the prior year from updating future experience assumptions related to life rider benefits.
   a $7 million increase in life and health insurance claims.
   a $40 million decrease in benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses related to our auto and home business due to improved current year loss performance and a $20 million decrease in reserves in 2016 due to favorable prior year reserve development compared to a $57 million increase in reserves in 2015 due to unfavorable prior year reserve development, partially offset by an increase in catastrophe losses compared to the prior year and a $26 million increase in additional losses. catastrophe losses were $104 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $72 million for the prior year.
amortization of dac increased $46 million, or 30%, to $201 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $155 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking. the impact of unlocking was an expense of $65 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to an expense of $10 million for the prior year. the unlocking impact for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily reflected the dac write-off of $58 million in connection with the loss recognition on ltc insurance products due to continued low interest rates, higher morbidity and higher reinsurance expenses, slightly offset by premium increases. the unlocking impact for the prior year was primarily driven by the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the low interest rate environment.
general and administrative expense increased $20 million, or 8%, to $273 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $253 million for the prior year primarily due to an increase in staff and investments in our auto and home business.
corporate & other the following table presents the results of operations of our corporate & other segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                           change
2016                                                                      2015
(in millions)
revenues net investment loss                         $(32     )              $(10     )          $(22   )        nm other revenues                                 5                      13                  (8   )       (62   )%
total revenues                               (27     )                 3                 (30   )        nm banking and deposit interest expense           1                       -                   1            nm total net revenues                           (28     )                 3                 (31   )        nm expenses interest and debt expense                     18                      22                  (4   )       (18    )
general and administrative expense           226                     180                  46            26
total expenses                               244                     202                  42            21
operating loss                             $(272     )             $(199     )          $(73   )       (37   )%
nm not meaningful.
our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss excludes net realized investment gains or losses, the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments, integration and restructuring charges, and the impact of consolidating cies. our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss increased $73 million, or 37%, to $272 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $199 million for the prior year primarily due to an increase in net investment loss, a decrease in other revenues and an increase in general and administrative expense.
64
net investment loss, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses, the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments, and the impact of cies, increased $22 million to $32 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $10 million for the prior year due to higher losses related to investments in affordable housing partnerships.
other revenues, which exclude the impact of cies, decreased $8 million, or 62%, to $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $13 million for the prior year due to a $4 million loss on the sale of real estate in the second quarter of 2016 and a $7 million gain on the sale of a building in the second quarter of 2015.
general and administrative expense, which excludes integration and restructuring charges and the impact of cies, increased $46 million, or 26%, to $226 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $180 million for the prior year primarily due to $30 million of incremental expense related to the planning and implementation of the new department of labor fiduciary standard, a $10 million increase in severance expense compared to the prior year and a $14 million expense from the resolution of a legacy legal matter related to the hedge fund business, partially offset by lower performance-based compensation.
consolidated results of operations year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
the following table presents our consolidated results of operations:
years ended december 31,                           change
2015                                                                                         2014
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees                               $5,950                  $5,810                $140             2    %
distribution fees                                                   1,847                   1,894                 (47   )        (2    )
net investment income                                               1,688                   1,741                 (53   )        (3    )
premiums                                                            1,455                   1,385                  70             5
other revenues                                                      1,260                   1,466                (206   )       (14    )
total revenues                                                     12,200                  12,296                 (96   )        (1    )
banking and deposit interest expense                                   30                      28                   2             7
total net revenues                                                 12,170                  12,268                 (98   )        (1    )
expenses distribution expenses                                               3,276                   3,236                  40             1
interest credited to fixed accounts                                   668                     713                 (45   )        (6    )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses                    2,261                   1,982                 279            14
amortization of deferred acquisition costs                            354                     367                 (13   )        (4    )
interest and debt expense                                             387                     328                  59            18
general and administrative expense                                  3,082                   3,095                 (13   )         -
total expenses                                                     10,028                   9,721                 307             3
income from continuing operations before income tax provision       2,142                   2,547                (405   )       (16    )
income tax provision                                                  455                     545                 (90   )       (17    )
income from continuing operations                                   1,687                   2,002                (315   )       (16    )
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                           -                      (2     )             2            nm net income                                                          1,687                   2,000                (313   )       (16    )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests             125                     381                (256   )       (67    )
net income attributable to ameriprise financial                    $1,562                  $1,619                $(57   )        (4   )%
nm not meaningful.
overall income from continuing operations before income tax provision decreased $405 million, or 16%, to $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.5 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting a $256 million decrease in net income from cies, a negative market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization), a $42 million benefit in the prior year from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator (traditional asset allocation) funds under certain in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer (managed volatility) funds
65
compared to a $6 million benefit for the year ended december 31, 2015, an increase in provision for estimated losses for our auto and home business, higher life and ltc insurance claims, fixed annuity net outflows, a negative impact of foreign exchange, asset management net outflows, a decrease in net realized investment gains, the unfavorable market impact of hedges on investments and the impact on dac and dsic from actual versus expected market performance, partially offset by the favorable impact of unlocking, higher asset management performance fees, wrap account net inflows, market appreciation, and lower performance-based compensation expense.
the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization) was an expense of $214 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to an expense of $94 million for the prior year. the impact on dac and dsic from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance was an expense of $19 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflecting unfavorable equity market returns compared to a benefit of $26 million for the prior year reflecting favorable equity market and bond fund returns.
the following table presents the total pretax impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking for the years ended december 31:
pretax increase (decrease)                                                                                          2015                                                                                        2014
(in millions)
premiums                                                                                      $(3                      )                                                                   $-
other revenues                                                                                  8                                                                                        $(29                      )
total revenues                                                                                  5                                                                                         (29                      )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses                                              (58                      )                                                                    6
amortization of dac                                                                            15                                                                                           8
total expenses                                                                                (43                      )                                                                   14
total(1)                                                                                      $48                                                                                        $(43                      )
(1) includes a $6 million net benefit related to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits and indexed universal life benefits for the year ended december 31, 2015.
net revenues decreased $98 million, or 1%, to $12.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $12.3 billion for the prior year primarily due to a decrease in other revenues, partially offset by an increase in management and financial advice fees.
management and financial advice fees increased $140 million, or 2%, to $6.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $5.8 billion for the prior year primarily due to higher asset-based fees driven by an increase in average aum and a $39 million increase in performance fees. average aum increased $2.1 billion to $653.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $651.4 billion for the prior year primarily due to market appreciation and wrap account net inflows, partially offset by asset management net outflows and the negative impact of foreign currency translation. see our discussion on the changes in aum in our segment results of operations section below.
distribution fees decreased $47 million, or 2%, to $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.9 billion for the prior year primarily due to lower client activity.
net investment income decreased $53 million, or 3%, to $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.7 billion for the prior year due to a $76 million decrease in investment income on fixed maturities primarily due to low interest rates, a $21 million loss related to the market impact of hedges on investments and a $33 million decrease in net realized investment gains, partially offset by a $74 million increase in net investment income of cies.
premiums increased $70 million, or 5%, to $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.4 billion for the prior year primarily due to a 3% increase in auto and home policies in force.
other revenues decreased $206 million, or 14%, to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.5 billion for the prior year due to a $278 million decrease in other revenues of cies primarily due to lower gains from changes in the fair value of real estate held in the consolidated property funds, partially offset by the impact of unlocking and higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date and higher average fee rates. other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 included an $8 million favorable impact from unlocking compared to a $29 million negative impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 was a positive impact from model updates related to our indexed universal life product, partially offset by a negative impact from lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues for the prior year was lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience.
expenses total expenses increased $307 million, or 3%, to $10.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $9.7 billion for the prior year primarily due to an increase in benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses.
66
distribution expenses increased $40 million, or 1%, to $3.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $3.2 billion for the prior year driven by higher advisor compensation due to growth in average assets under management.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $45 million, or 6%, to $668 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $713 million for the prior year driven by lower average fixed annuity account balances. average fixed annuity account balances decreased $1.3 billion, or 11%, to $11.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year due to net outflows reflecting higher lapse rates and limited new sales due to low interest rates.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased $279 million, or 14%, to $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.0 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
   the year ended december 31, 2015 included a $58 million benefit from unlocking compared to a $6 million expense in the prior year. the unlocking impact for the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily reflected an update to market-related inputs related to our living benefit valuation and a benefit from model changes that more than offset the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the low interest rate environment. the unlocking impact for the prior year reflected lower than previously assumed interest rates, partially offset by a benefit from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption.
   a $106 million increase related to our auto and home business due to an increase in the provision for estimated losses reflecting the impact of growth in exposures due to a 3% increase in policies in force, higher 2015 accident year loss ratio assumptions and prior year development. in 2015, we increased our claims reserves $57 million primarily related to the 2014 and prior accident years auto liability coverages. this increase was driven by elevated frequency and severity experience for auto injury claims, as well as a lower than expected level of impact in improving the outcome of 2014 and prior accident year existing claims. auto and home losses for the prior year included a $30 million increase to prior accident year loss reserves resulting from adverse development in the 2013 and prior accident years auto liability coverage and a $60 million increase to loss reserves for estimated losses including incurred but not reported ("ibnr") claims resulting from further adverse loss development observed primarily in the 2014 auto book of business. catastrophe losses were $72 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $66 million for the prior year.
   a $17 million increase in expense related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date.
   an increase in expenses compared to the prior year due to a $50 million benefit for the year ended december 31, 2014 from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds compared to a $7 million benefit for the year ended december 31, 2015.
   a $20 million increase in life insurance claims compared to the prior year primarily due to larger claims.
   a $19 million increase in ltc claims compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in the number of open claims and an update in claim reserve assumptions partially offset by a higher interest rate used for ltc claims and the release of additional ltc reserves.
   a $28 million favorable impact in 2015 from updating future experience assumptions relating to life rider benefits.
   a $78 million increase in expense compared to the prior year from the unhedged nonperformance credit spread risk adjustment on variable annuity guaranteed benefits. as the embedded derivative liability on which the nonperformance credit spread is applied increases (decreases), the impact of the nonperformance credit spread is favorable (unfavorable) to expense. the favorable impact of the nonperformance credit spread was $68 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to a favorable impact of $146 million for the prior year.
   a $60 million increase in expense from other market impacts on variable annuity guaranteed benefits, net of hedges in place to offset those risks and the related dsic amortization. this increase was the result of a favorable $785 million change in the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed living benefits reserves, an unfavorable $843 million change in the market impact on derivatives hedging the variable annuity guaranteed benefits and an unfavorable $2 million dsic offset. the main market drivers contributing to these changes are summarized below:
   interest rate impact on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in lower expense in 2015 compared to 2014.
   equity market and volatility impacts on the variable annuity guaranteed living benefits liability net of the impact on the corresponding hedge assets resulted in an expense in 2015 compared to a benefit in 2014.
   other unhedged items, including the difference between the assumed and actual underlying separate account investment performance, fixed income credit exposures, transaction costs and various behavioral items, were a net unfavorable impact compared to the prior year.
interest and debt expense increased $59 million, or 18%, to $387 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $328 million for the prior year due to new clos launched in 2015.
67
income taxes our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations including income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 21.3% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 21.4% for the prior year. our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations excluding income attributable to noncontrolling interests was 22.6% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 25.2% for the prior year. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was lower than the statutory rate as a result of tax preferred items including the dividends received deduction and low income housing tax credits.
results of operations by segment year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
the following table presents summary financial information by segment:
years ended december 31,
2015                                                          2014
(in millions)
advice &amp; wealth management net revenues                        $5,013                  $4,806
expenses                             4,154                   4,014
operating earnings                    $859                    $792
asset management net revenues                        $3,254                  $3,320
expenses                             2,493                   2,532
operating earnings                    $761                    $788
annuities net revenues                        $2,541                  $2,591
expenses                             1,891                   1,958
operating earnings                    $650                    $633
protection net revenues                        $2,384                  $2,287
expenses                             2,201                   2,041
operating earnings                    $183                    $246
corporate &amp; other net revenues                            $3                      $4
expenses                               202         234
operating loss                       $(199     )             $(230     )
the following table presents the segment pretax operating impacts on our revenues and expenses attributable to unlocking:
segment pretax operating increase (decrease)             years ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                        2014
annuities                                                          protection              annuities        protection
(in millions)
premiums                                                 $-                          $(3     )         $-                          $-
other revenues                                           -                            (5     )         -                          (29   )
total revenues                                           -                            (8     )         -                          (29   )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses         (61       )                   6                      5         1
amortization of dac                                      (5        )                  10                     17                    (9   )
total expenses                                           (66       )                  16                     22                    (8   )
total                                                    $66                        $(24     )         $(22       )              $(21   )
68
advice & wealth management the following table presents the changes in wrap account assets and average balances for the years ended december 31:
2015                                                                          2014
(in billions)
beginning balance                                   $174.7              $153.5
net flows(1)                                          11.1                14.2
market appreciation and other(1)                      (5.3   )             7.0
ending balance                                      $180.5              $174.7
advisory wrap account assets ending balance(2)      $178.9              $173.5
average advisory wrap account assets(3)             $178.5              $163.9
(1) beginning april 1, 2014, net flows reflect all additions and withdrawals to and from the sps wrap account program. prior to april 1, 2014, additions and withdrawals to and from certain non-billable investments of this program were reflected in the market appreciation and other line and purchases and sales of billable investments were reported in the net flows line. nets flows for the sps program are now reported on a consistent basis with our other wrap account programs.
(2) advisory wrap account assets represent those assets for which clients receive advisory services and are the primary driver of revenue earned on wrap accounts. clients may hold non-advisory investments in their wrap accounts that do not incur an advisory fee.
(3) average ending balances are calculated using an average of the prior period's ending balance and all months in the current period.
wrap account assets increased $5.8 billion, or 3%, during the year ended december 31, 2015 due to net inflows of $11.1 billion, partially offset by market depreciation and other of $5.3 billion. average advisory wrap account assets increased $14.6 billion, or 9%, compared to the prior year primarily due to net inflows and market appreciation.
the following table presents the results of operations of our advice & wealth management segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                         change
2015                                                                2014
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees      $2,629                  $2,413                $216            9   %
distribution fees                          2,195                   2,213                 (18   )       (1   )
net investment income                        146                     136                  10            7
other revenues                                73                      72                   1            1
total revenues                             5,043                   4,834                 209            4
banking and deposit interest expense          30                      28                   2            7
total net revenues                         5,013                   4,806                 207            4
expenses distribution expenses                      3,081                   2,943                 138            5
interest and debt expense                      8                       6                   2           33
general and administrative expense         1,065                   1,065                   -            -
total expenses                             4,154                   4,014                 140            3
operating earnings                          $859                    $792                 $67            8   %
our advice & wealth management segment pretax operating earnings, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, increased $67 million, or 8%, to $859 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $792 million for the prior year primarily due to strong growth in wrap account assets and continued expense management. pretax operating margin was 17.1% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 16.5% for the prior year.
net revenues net revenues exclude net realized investment gains or losses. net revenues increased $207 million, or 4%, to $5.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $4.8 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting growth in wrap account assets. operating net revenue per branded advisor increased to $514,000 for the year ended december 31, 2015, up 4% from $496,000 for the prior year driven by asset growth. total branded advisors were 9,789 at december 31, 2015 compared to 9,672 at december 31, 2014.
management and financial advice fees increased $216 million, or 9%, to $2.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.4 billion for the prior year driven by growth in wrap account assets. average advisory wrap account assets increased $14.6 billion, or 9%, to $178.5 billion at december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to net inflows and market appreciation. see our discussion of the changes in wrap account assets above.
69
expenses total expenses increased $140 million, or 3%, to $4.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $4.0 billion for the prior year due to a $138 million increase in distribution expenses driven by higher advisor compensation due to growth in wrap account assets.
asset management the following table presents managed assets by type:
december 31,                                           change                                              average(1)                                           change december 31,
2015                                                      2014                 2015                        2014
(in billions)
equity                      $255.5                      $278.1                      $(22.6      )            (8     )%               $271.5                      $279.4                       $(7.9      )            (3     )%
fixed income                 176.6                       193.4                       (16.8      )            (9      )                188.1                       195.9                        (7.8      )            (4      )
money market                   7.5                         6.7                         0.8                   12                         6.8                         6.6                         0.2                    3
alternative                    8.2                         7.4                         0.8                   11                         7.9                         7.0                         0.9                   13
hybrid and other              24.1                        20.0                         4.1                   21                        22.2                        18.4                         3.8                   21
total managed assets        $471.9                      $505.6                      $(33.7      )            (7     )%               $496.5                      $507.3                      $(10.8      )            (2     )%
(1) average ending balances are calculated using an average of the prior period's ending balance and all months in the current period.
the following table presents the changes in global managed assets:
years ended december 31,
2015                                                               2014
(in billions)
global retail funds beginning assets                         $281.5                  $287.2
inflows                                    54.2                    58.8
outflows                                  (67.4     )             (72.7     )
net vp/vit fund flows                      (0.7     )              (1.0     )
net new flows                             (13.9     )             (14.9     )
reinvested dividends                       13.4                    13.6
net flows                                  (0.5     )              (1.3     )
distributions                             (16.4     )             (16.6     )
market appreciation and other(1)(3)         1.3                    15.1
foreign currency translation(2)(3)         (2.0     )              (2.9     )
total ending assets                       263.9                   281.5
global institutional beginning assets                          224.1                   213.6
inflows                                    27.3                    34.8
outflows                                  (42.6     )             (31.4     )
net flows                                 (15.3     )               3.4
market appreciation and other(3)(4)         3.7                    13.7
foreign currency translation(2)(3)         (4.5     )              (6.6     )
total ending assets                       208.0                   224.1
total managed assets                     $471.9                  $505.6
total net flows                          $(15.8     )              $2.1
former parent company related(5)
retail net new flows                      $(2.3     )             $(1.5     )
institutional net new flows               (12.5     )              (5.9     )
total net new flows                      $(14.8     )             $(7.4     )
(1) included in market appreciation and other for retail funds in 2015 are $(0.5) billion related to the sale of the multi-manager business.
(2) amounts represent local currency to us dollar translation for reporting purposes.
70
(3) prior to the third quarter of 2016, the foreign currency translation line represented british pound to us dollar conversion, while the impact of translating assets from a local currency to british pounds was included in market appreciation (depreciation) and other. beginning with the third quarter of 2016, the impact of translating assets from a local currency to british pounds has been reclassified to the foreign currency translation line. all prior periods have been restated.
(4) includes $(1.6) billion and nil for the total change in affiliated general account assets during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(5) former parent company related assets and net new flows are included in the rollforwards above.
total segment aum decreased $33.7 billion, or 7%, during the year ended december 31, 2015 driven by net outflows, retail fund distributions and a negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by market appreciation. total segment aum net outflows were $15.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015.
global retail funds decreased $17.6 billion, or 6%, during the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily due to distributions. global retail net outflows of $0.5 billion during the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily reflected $8.2 billion of outflows from the columbia acorn fund, $1.3 billion of outflows related to a client's decision in the third quarter to exit its portfolio due to asset allocation and $2.3 billion of outflows from former parent-related assets (includes $0.3 billion of outflows from the columbia acorn fund), as well as market volatility that decreased investor demand, partially offset by reinvested dividends.
global institutional aum decreased $16.1 billion, or 7%, during the year ended december 31, 2015 due to net outflows of $15.3 billion and a $4.5 billion negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by market appreciation and other. global institutional net outflows during the year ended december 31, 2015 included $12.5 billion of outflows of former parent-related assets and $3.4 billion of outflows related to a client's decision to exit its portfolio due to specific liquidity needs.
the following table presents the results of operations of our asset management segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                           change
2015                                                                      2014
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees            $2,723                  $2,791                $(68   )        (2   )%
distribution fees                                  499                     493                   6             1
net investment income                               23                      30                  (7   )       (23    )
other revenues                                       9                       6                   3            50
total revenues                                   3,254                   3,320                 (66   )        (2    )
banking and deposit interest expense                 -                       -                   -             -
total net revenues                               3,254                   3,320                 (66   )        (2    )
expenses distribution expenses                            1,091                   1,148                 (57   )        (5    )
amortization of deferred acquisition costs          17                      15                   2            13
interest and debt expense                           25                      26                  (1   )        (4    )
general and administrative expense               1,360                   1,343                  17             1
total expenses                                   2,493                   2,532                 (39   )        (2    )
operating earnings                                $761                    $788                $(27   )        (3   )%
nm not meaningful.
our asset management segment pretax operating earnings, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $27 million, or 3%, to $761 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $788 million for the prior year due to net outflows and a $23 million negative impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by equity market appreciation, continued expense management and a $22 million positive impact from higher performance fees, net of related compensation.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $66 million, or 2%, to $3.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $3.3 billion for the prior year driven by a decrease in management and financial advice fees.
management and financial advice fees decreased $68 million, or 2%, to $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.8 billion for the prior year primarily due to lower asset-based fees driven by a decrease in average aum and a $53 million negative impact of foreign exchange, partially offset by a $37 million increase in performance fees. average aum decreased $10.8 billion, or 2%, compared to the prior year primarily due to net outflows and the negative impact of foreign currency translation, partially offset by market appreciation.
71
expenses total expenses decreased $39 million, or 2%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to a $57 million decrease in distribution expenses from lower average retail fund assets, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expense. general and administrative expense increased $17 million, or 1%, to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.3 billion for the prior year primarily due to a $15 million increase in compensation related to higher performance fees, an increase in marketing costs related to rebranding and costs associated with the move to a new london office, partially offset by a $20 million benefit from the impact of foreign exchange.
annuities the following table presents the results of operations of our annuities segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                        change
2015                                                                            2014
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees                    $755                    $756               $(1   )         -   %
distribution fees                                        364                     360                 4             1
net investment income                                    848                     941               (93   )       (10   )
premiums                                                 107                     109                (2   )        (2   )
other revenues                                           467                     425                42            10
total revenues                                         2,541                   2,591               (50   )        (2   )
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       -                 -             -
total net revenues                                     2,541                   2,591               (50   )        (2   )
expenses distribution expenses                                    446                     439                 7             2
interest credited to fixed accounts                      500                     556               (56   )       (10   )
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses         482                     463                19             4
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               205                     235               (30   )       (13   )
interest and debt expense                                 38                      38                 -             -
general and administrative expense                       220                     227                (7   )        (3   )
total expenses                                         1,891                   1,958               (67   )        (3   )
operating earnings                                      $650                    $633               $17             3   %
nm not meaningful.
our annuities segment pretax operating income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses (net of the related dsic and dac amortization) and the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization), increased $17 million, or 3%, to $650 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $633 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking, partially offset by the impact on dac and dsic from actual versus expected market performance, the negative impact from fixed annuity net outflows and a $44 million benefit in the prior year from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds compared to a $6 million benefit in the current year.
the impact of unlocking was an increase to pretax operating income of $66 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to a decrease of $22 million for the prior year. the impact on dac and dsic from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance was an expense of $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflecting unfavorable equity market returns compared to a benefit of $24 million for the prior year reflecting favorable equity market returns and bond fund returns.
riversource variable annuity account balances decreased $2.7 billion, or 4%, to $74.2 billion at december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year due to net outflows of $1.2 billion and market depreciation.
riversource fixed annuity account balances declined $1.5 billion, or 12%, to $10.7 billion at december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year reflecting limited new sales from low interest rates and higher lapse rates as a portion of the five-year guarantee block that was re-priced during 2014 came out of its surrender charge period earlier in 2015.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $50 million, or 2%, to $2.5 billion for the year ended
72
december 31, 2015 compared to $2.6 billion for the prior year primarily due to lower net investment income, partially offset by an increase in other revenues.
net investment income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $93 million, or 10%, to $848 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $941 million for the prior year primarily reflecting lower invested assets due to fixed annuity net outflows.
other revenues increased $42 million, or 10%, to $467 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $425 million for the prior year due to higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date and higher average fee rates.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic and dac amortization) and the dac and dsic offset to net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $67 million, or 3%, to $1.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.0 billion for the prior year primarily due to decreases in interest credited to fixed accounts and amortization of dac, partially offset by an increase in benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses.
interest credited to fixed accounts decreased $56 million, or 10%, to $500 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $556 million for the prior year driven by lower average fixed annuity account balances. average fixed annuity account balances decreased $1.3 billion, or 11%, to $11.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year due to net outflows reflecting higher lapse rates and limited new sales due to low interest rates.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses, which exclude the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits (net of hedges and the related dsic amortization) and the dsic offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $19 million, or 4%, to $482 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $463 million for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
   the year ended december 31, 2015 included a $61 million benefit from unlocking primarily reflecting an update to market-related inputs related to our living benefit valuation and a benefit from model changes that more than offset the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment. the prior year included a $5 million expense from unlocking primarily reflecting lower than previously assumed interest rates, partially offset by a benefit from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption.
   an increase in expenses compared to the prior year due to a $52 million benefit for the year ended december 31, 2014 from policyholder movement of investments in portfolio navigator funds under certain in force variable annuities with living benefit guarantees to the portfolio stabilizer funds compared to a $7 million benefit for the year ended december 31, 2015.
   a $17 million increase in expense related to higher reserve funding driven by the impact of higher fees from variable annuity guarantee sales in the prior year where the fees start on the first anniversary date.
   a $9 million increase in expense compared to the prior year due to the impact on dsic from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance. this impact was an expense of $4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflecting unfavorable equity market returns compared to a benefit of $5 million for the prior year reflecting favorable equity market returns and bond fund returns.
amortization of dac, which excludes the dac offset to the market impact on variable annuity guaranteed benefits and the dac offset to net realized investment gains or losses, decreased $30 million, or 13%, to $205 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $235 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking, partially offset by the impact on dac from actual versus expected market performance based on our view of bond and equity performance. amortization of dac for the year ended december 31, 2015 included a $5 million benefit from unlocking driven by improved persistency that more than offset the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment. amortization of dac for the prior year included a $17 million expense from unlocking primarily driven by lower than previously assumed interest rates, partially offset by favorable persistency and mortality experience and a benefit from updating our variable annuity living benefit withdrawal utilization assumption.
73
protection the following table presents the results of operations of our protection segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                           change
2015                                                                            2014
(in millions)
revenues management and financial advice fees                     $55                     $59                 $(4   )        (7   )%
distribution fees                                         97                      92                   5             5
net investment income                                    468                     447                  21             5
premiums                                               1,363                   1,292                  71             5
other revenues                                           401                     397                   4             1
total revenues                                         2,384                   2,287                  97             4
banking and deposit interest expense                       -                       -                   -             -
total net revenues                                     2,384                   2,287                  97             4
expenses distribution expenses                                     59                      61                  (2   )        (3   )
interest credited to fixed accounts                      164                     153                  11             7
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses       1,538                   1,416                 122             9
amortization of deferred acquisition costs               155                     135                  20            15
interest and debt expense                                 32                      28                   4            14
general and administrative expense                       253                     248                   5             2
total expenses                                         2,201                   2,041                 160             8
operating earnings                                      $183                    $246                $(63   )       (26   )%
our protection segment pretax operating income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses (net of the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual) and the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization, unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual), decreased $63 million, or 26%, to $183 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $246 million for the prior year primarily reflecting an increase in the provision for estimated losses for our auto and home business and higher life and ltc insurance claims, partially offset by higher auto and home premiums.
during 2015, we conducted a review of our ltc reserve for unpaid amounts on reported claims based on additional information we received from genworth financial, inc., which reinsures 50% of our ltc business and administers all of our claims. based on this information, along with a review of the discount rate, management's best estimate for ltc claims reserves resulted in a net $14 million increase. the most significant drivers of the reserve increase were updates to the benefit utilization rates and claims termination rates, partially offset by a $15 million benefit from a higher discount rate. we also increased the discount rate for our disability income ("di") reserve for unpaid amounts on reported claims, which resulted in a $7 million reserve decrease. in addition, results for 2015 included an $11 million unfavorable impact related to a reinsurance premium correction, a $13 million favorable impact related to a ltc future loss reserve adjustment and a $28 million favorable impact from updating future experience assumptions relating to life rider benefits.
net revenues net revenues, which exclude net realized investment gains or losses (net of unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual) and the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits, increased $97 million, or 4%, to $2.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.3 billion for the prior year primarily due to an increase in premiums.
net investment income, which excludes net realized investment gains or losses, increased $21 million, or 5%, to $468 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $447 million for the prior year driven by higher average invested assets.
premiums increased $71 million, or 5%, to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.3 billion for the prior year primarily due to a 3% increase in auto and home policies in force.
other revenues, which exclude the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits and the unearned revenue amortization and the reinsurance accrual offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $4 million, or 1%, to $401 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $397 million for the prior year due to the impact of unlocking, partially offset by a $9 million unfavorable impact related to a reinsurance premium correction. other
74
revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 included a $5 million negative impact from unlocking compared to a $29 million negative impact in the prior year. the primary driver of the unlocking impact to other revenues in both periods was lower projected gains on reinsurance contracts resulting from favorable mortality experience.
expenses total expenses, which exclude the market impact on indexed universal life benefits (net of hedges and the related dac amortization) and the dac offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $160 million, or 8%, to $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.0 billion for the prior year primarily due to increases in benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses and amortization of dac.
benefits, claims, losses and settlement expenses increased $122 million, or 9%, to $1.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.4 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the following items:
   a $106 million increase related to our auto and home business due to an increase in the provision for estimated losses reflecting the impact of growth in exposures due to a 3% increase in policies in force, higher 2015 accident year loss ratio assumptions and prior year development. in 2015, we increased our claims reserves $57 million primarily related to the 2014 and prior accident years auto liability coverages. this increase was driven by elevated frequency and severity experience for auto injury claims, as well as a lower than expected level of impact in improving the outcome of 2014 and prior accident year existing claims. auto and home losses for the prior year included a $30 million increase to prior accident year loss reserves resulting from adverse development in the 2013 and prior accident years auto liability coverage and a $60 million increase to loss reserves for estimated losses including ibnr claims resulting from further adverse loss development observed primarily in the 2014 auto book of business. catastrophe losses were $72 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $66 million for the prior year.
   a $20 million increase in life insurance claims compared to the prior year primarily due to larger claims.
   a $19 million increase in ltc claims compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in the number of open claims and an update in claim reserve assumptions partially offset by a higher interest rate used for ltc claims and the release of additional ltc reserves.
amortization of dac, which excludes the dac offset to the market impact on indexed universal life benefits and the dac offset to net realized investment gains or losses, increased $20 million, or 15%, to $155 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $135 million for the prior year primarily due to the impact of unlocking. amortization of dac for the year ended december 31, 2015 included a $10 million expense from unlocking primarily driven by the difference between our previously assumed interest rates versus the continued low interest rate environment. amortization of dac for the prior year included a $9 million benefit from unlocking.
corporate & other the following table presents the results of operations of our corporate & other segment on an operating basis:
years ended december 31,                         change
2015                                                                2014
(in millions)
revenues distribution fees                             $-                      $1               $(1   )        nm net investment income (loss)                 (10     )                (6     )          (4   )       (67   )%
other revenues                                13                       9                 4            44
total revenues                                 3                       4                (1   )       (25    )
banking and deposit interest expense           -                       -                 -             -
total net revenues                             3                       4                (1   )       (25    )
expenses distribution expenses                          -                       1                (1   )        nm interest and debt expense                     22                      21                 1             5
general and administrative expense           180                     212               (32   )       (15    )
total expenses                               202                     234               (32   )       (14    )
operating loss                             $(199     )             $(230     )         $31            13    %
nm not meaningful.
75
our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss excludes net realized investment gains or losses, the market impact of hedges to offset interest rate changes on unrealized gains or losses for certain investments, integration and restructuring charges, and the impact of consolidating cies. our corporate & other segment pretax operating loss decreased $31 million, or 13%, to $199 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $230 million for the prior year due to a $32 million decrease in general and administrative expense primarily reflecting lower performance-based compensation expense, a cumulative adjustment to record a capital lease that had previously been incorrectly recorded as an operating lease for ameriprise financial center, and a provision in the prior year related to potential resolution of a regulatory matter.
fair value measurements we report certain assets and liabilities at fair value; specifically, separate account assets, derivatives, embedded derivatives, properties held by our consolidated property funds, and most investments and cash equivalents. fair value assumes the exchange of assets or liabilities occurs in orderly transactions and is not the result of a forced liquidation or distressed sale. we include actual market prices, or observable inputs, in our fair value measurements to the extent available. broker quotes are obtained when quotes from pricing services are not available. we validate prices obtained from third parties through a variety of means such as: price variance analysis, subsequent sales testing, stale price review, price comparison across pricing vendors and due diligence reviews of vendors. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our fair value measurements.
fair value of liabilities and nonperformance risk companies are required to measure the fair value of liabilities at the price that would be received to transfer the liability to a market participant (an exit price). since there is not a market for our obligations of our variable annuity riders and indexed universal life insurance, we consider the assumptions participants in a hypothetical market would make to reflect an exit price. as a result, we adjust the valuation of variable annuity riders and indexed universal life insurance by updating certain contractholder assumptions, adding explicit margins to provide for profit, risk and expenses, and adjusting the rates used to discount expected cash flows to reflect a current market estimate of our nonperformance risk. the nonperformance risk adjustment is based on observable market data adjusted to estimate the risk of our life insurance company subsidiaries not fulfilling these liabilities. consistent with general market conditions, this estimate resulted in a spread over the libor swap curve as of december 31, 2016. as our estimate of this spread widens or tightens, the liability will decrease or increase. if this nonperformance credit spread moves to a zero spread over the libor swap curve, the reduction to net income would be approximately $287 million, net of dac, dsic, unearned revenue amortization, the reinsurance accrual and income taxes (calculated at the statutory tax rate of 35%), based on december 31, 2016 credit spreads.
liquidity and capital resources overview we maintained substantial liquidity during the year ended december 31, 2016. at december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had $2.3 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents excluding cies. we have additional liquidity available through an unsecured revolving credit facility for up to $500 million that expires in may 2020. under the terms of the credit agreement, we can increase this facility to $750 million upon satisfaction of certain approval requirements. available borrowings under this facility are reduced by any outstanding letters of credit. at december 31, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under this credit facility and had $1 million of outstanding letters of credit. our credit facility contains various administrative, reporting, legal and financial covenants. we were in compliance with all such covenants at december 31, 2016.
in the first quarter of 2016, we extinguished $16 million of our junior subordinated notes due 2066 in open market transactions and recognized a gain of less than $1 million. in the second quarter of 2016, we redeemed our remaining outstanding junior subordinated notes due 2066 at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal balance of the notes plus accrued and compounded interest.
on august 11, 2016, we issued $500 million of unsecured senior notes due september 15, 2026, and incurred debt issuance costs of $4 million. interest payments are due semi-annually in arrears on march 15 and september 15, commencing on march 15, 2017. the proceeds of the senior notes will be used for general corporate purposes.
we enter into short-term borrowings, which may include repurchase agreements and federal home loan bank ("fhlb") advances, to reduce reinvestment risk. short-term borrowings allow us to receive cash to reinvest in longer-duration assets, while paying back the short-term debt with cash flows generated by the fixed income portfolio. the balance of repurchase agreements at both december 31, 2016 and 2015 was $50 million, which is collateralized with agency residential mortgage backed securities and commercial mortgage backed securities from our investment portfolio. our subsidiary, riversource life insurance company ("riversource life"), is a member of the fhlb of des moines, which provides access to collateralized borrowings. as of both december 31, 2016 and 2015, we had borrowings of $150 million from the fhlb, which is collateralized with commercial mortgage backed securities. we believe cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances and our availability of revolver borrowings will be sufficient to fund our operating liquidity needs.
76
dividends from subsidiaries ameriprise financial is primarily a parent holding company for the operations carried out by our wholly owned subsidiaries. because of our holding company structure, our ability to meet our cash requirements, including the payment of dividends on our common stock, substantially depends upon the receipt of dividends or return of capital from our subsidiaries, particularly our life insurance subsidiary, riversource life, our face-amount certificate subsidiary, ameriprise certificate company ("acc"), ampf holding corporation, which is the parent company of our retail introducing broker-dealer subsidiary, ameriprise financial services, inc. ("afsi") and our clearing broker-dealer subsidiary, american enterprise investment services, inc. ("aeis"), our auto and home insurance subsidiary, ids property casualty insurance company ("ids property casualty"), doing business as ameriprise auto & home insurance, our transfer agent subsidiary, columbia management investment services corp., our investment advisory company, columbia management investment advisers, llc, and threadneedle asset management holdings sarl. the payment of dividends by many of our subsidiaries is restricted and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory capital requirements.
actual capital and regulatory capital requirements for our wholly owned subsidiaries subject to regulatory capital requirements were as follows:
actual capital                      regulatory capital requirements december 31,                                  december 31,
2016                                                                                      2015              2016                        2015
(in millions)
riversource life(1)(2)                                       $3,052                $3,800                   $606                        $589
riversource life of ny(1)(2)                                    323                   333                     38                          44
ids property casualty(1)(3)                                     800                   684                    213                         214
ameriprise insurance company(1)(3)                               47                    46                      2                           2
acc(4)(5)                                                       335                   274                    317                         258
threadneedle asset management holdings sarl(6)                  360                   285                    149                         165
ameriprise national trust bank(7)                                22                    36                     10                          10
afsi(3)(4)                                                       77                    93                      #                           #
ameriprise captive insurance company(3)                          51                    54                      9                          11
ameriprise trust company(3)                                      29                    27                     24                          22
aeis(3)(4)                                                      107                   110                     19                          52
riversource distributors, inc.(3)(4)                             11                    15                      #                           #
columbia management investment distributors, inc.(3)(4)          14                    17                      #                           #
#  amounts are less than $1 million.
(1) actual capital is determined on a statutory basis.
(2) regulatory capital requirement is based on the statutory risk-based capital filing.
(3) regulatory capital requirement is based on the applicable regulatory requirement, calculated as of december 31, 2016 and 2015.
(4) actual capital is determined on an adjusted gaap basis.
(5) acc is required to hold capital in compliance with the minnesota department of commerce and sec capital requirements.
(6) actual capital and regulatory capital requirements are determined in accordance with u.k. regulatory legislation. the regulatory capital requirements at december 31, 2016 represent calculations at september 30, 2016 of the rule based requirements, as specified by fca regulations.
(7) ameriprise national trust bank is required to maintain capital in compliance with the office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ") regulations and policies.
in addition to the particular regulations restricting dividend payments and establishing subsidiary capitalization requirements, we take into account the overall health of the business, capital levels and risk management considerations in determining a dividend strategy for payments to our parent holding company from our subsidiaries, and in deciding to use cash to make capital contributions to our subsidiaries.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, the parent holding company received cash dividends or a return of capital from its subsidiaries of $1.7 billion and contributed cash to its subsidiaries of $197 million. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the parent holding company received cash dividends or a return of capital from its subsidiaries of $1.6 billion and contributed cash to its subsidiaries of $271 million.
77
the following table presents the dividends that could have been paid within the limitations of the applicable regulatory authorities for each of the years ended december 31. dividends in excess of these amounts required advance notice to the applicable regulatory authorities as further described in the footnotes to the table.
2016                                                                               2015                2014
(in millions)
riversource life(1)                                      $1,033              $1,412                $811
acc(2)                                                       17                  26                  26
columbia management investment advisers, llc                296                 503                 553
columbia management investment services corporation          18                  14                   7
threadneedle asset management holdings sarl                 233                 172                 175
ameriprise trust company                                      5                   6                  36
ids property casualty(3)                                      -                  11                  53
ameriprise captive insurance company                         64                  64                  65
riversource distributors, inc.                               14                  14                  23
ampf holding corporation                                    587                 572                 680
total dividend capacity                                  $2,267              $2,794              $2,429
(1) riversource life dividends in excess of statutory unassigned funds require advance notice to the minnesota department of commerce, riversource life's primary regulator, and are subject to potential disapproval. in addition, dividends whose fair market value, together with that of other dividends or distributions made within the preceding 12 months, exceeds the greater of (1) the previous year's statutory net gain from operations or (2) 10% of the previous year-end statutory capital and surplus are referred to as "extraordinary dividends." extraordinary dividends also require advance notice to the minnesota department of commerce, and are subject to potential disapproval. for dividends exceeding these thresholds, riversource life provided notice to the minnesota department of commerce and received responses indicating that it did not object to the payment of these dividends.
(2) the dividend capacity for acc is based on capital held in excess of regulatory requirements.
(3) the dividend capacity for ids property casualty is based on the lesser of (1) 10% of the previous year-end capital and surplus or (2) the greater of (a) net income (excluding realized gains) of the previous year or (b) the aggregate net income of the previous three years excluding realized gains less any dividends paid within the first two years of the three-year period. dividends that, together with the amount of other distributions made within the preceding 12 months, exceed this statutory limitation are referred to as "extraordinary dividends" and require advance notice to the office of the commissioner of insurance of the state of wisconsin, the primary state regulator of ids property casualty, and are subject to potential disapproval.
the following table presents the cash dividends paid or return of capital to the parent holding company, net of cash capital contributions made by the parent holding company for the following subsidiaries for the years ended december 31:
2016                                                                          2015                2014
(in millions)
riversource life                                    $1,000                $800                $900
ameriprise national trust bank                           9                   -                   8
acc                                                    (33   )              (3   )               5
columbia management investment advisers, llc           190                 375                 362
threadneedle asset management holdings sarl(1)           -                   -                   -
ameriprise trust company                                 -                   -                  34
ids property casualty(2)                              (118   )            (175   )               -
ameriprise advisor capital, llc                        (46   )             (72   )             (31   )
riversource distributors, inc.                           3                   -                  10
ameriprise captive insurance company                     -                  15                  15
ampf holding corporation                               450                 421                 519
total                                               $1,455              $1,361              $1,822
(1)   during the year ended december 31, 2014, threadneedle asset management holdings sarl paid a $152 million dividend to the parent holding company consisting of a note receivable.
(2)   during the year ended december 31, 2014, the parent holding company made a non-cash contribution of $51 million to ids property casualty consisting of securities.
78
dividends paid to shareholders and share repurchases we paid regular quarterly dividends to our shareholders totaling $489 million and $474 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. on february 1, 2017, we announced a quarterly dividend of $0.75 per common share. the dividend will be paid on february 28, 2017 to our shareholders of record at the close of business on february 13, 2017.
in april 2014, our board of directors authorized an expenditure of up to $2.5 billion for the repurchase of shares of our common stock through april 28, 2016, which was exhausted in the three months ended march 31, 2016. in december 2015, our board of directors authorized us to repurchase up to an additional $2.5 billion of our common stock through december 31, 2017. as of december 31, 2016, we had $929 million remaining under our share repurchase authorization. we intend to fund share repurchases through existing working capital, future earnings and other customary financing methods. the share repurchase programs do not require the purchase of any minimum number of shares, and depending on market conditions and other factors, these purchases may be commenced or suspended at any time without prior notice. acquisitions under the share repurchase programs may be made in the open market, through privately negotiated transactions or block trades or other means. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we repurchased a total of 17.5 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $95.53 per share.
cash flows cash flows of cies are reflected in our cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities. cash held by cies is not available for general use by ameriprise financial, nor is ameriprise financial cash available for general use by its cies. as such, the operating, investing and financing cash flows of the cies have no impact to the change in cash and cash equivalents.
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities decreased $601 million to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.6 billion for the prior year primarily due to higher cash outflows related to derivatives, as well as a decrease in cash from lower fee revenue net of related expenses.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $173 million to $2.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $2.4 billion for the prior year primarily due to a $118 million increase in cash from changes in other investments primarily related to trading securities and a $139 million reduction of income taxes paid, net, partially offset by a $67 million increase in interest paid on cie debt.
investing activities our investing activities primarily relate to our available-for-sale investment portfolio. further, this activity is significantly affected by the net flows of our investment certificate, fixed annuity and universal life products reflected in financing activities.
net cash used in investing activities increased $290 million to $804 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $514 million for the prior year primarily due to a $1.9 billion increase in cash used for purchases of available-for-sale securities, partially offset by a $1.2 billion increase in net cash related to changes in investments of cies primarily reflecting the cie deconsolidation, a $179 million increase in proceeds from sales, maturities and repayments of mortgage loans reflecting the sale of a portion of our consumer loans in the first quarter of 2016 and a $107 million decrease in funding of mortgage loans.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $201 million to $514 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $715 million for the prior year primarily reflecting a $520 million decrease in purchases of investments by cies and a $131 million increase in cash flows related to other investments, partially offset by a $435 million increase in purchases of available-for sale securities.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities decreased $1.2 billion to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $2.3 billion for the prior year. net cash inflows related to investment certificates increased $465 million compared to the prior year due to higher proceeds from additions, partially offset by higher maturities, withdrawals and cash surrenders. cash outflows from surrenders and other benefits of policyholder account balances decreased $782 million compared to the prior year. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we repaid the remaining $245 million of our junior subordinated notes due 2066. in the third quarter of 2016, we issued $500 million of unsecured senior notes due 2026. net cash outflows related to noncontrolling interests decreased $160 million compared to the prior year reflecting the cie deconsolidation. net cash outflows related to borrowings of cies was $517 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to net cash inflows of $931 billion for the prior year primarily reflecting the cie deconsolidation.
net cash used in financing activities increased $661 million to $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1.7 billion for the prior year. net cash inflows related to investment certificates increased $407 million compared to the prior year due to higher proceeds from additions, partially offset by higher maturities, withdrawals and cash surrenders. cash outflows from surrenders and other benefits of policyholder account balances increased $274 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting higher lapse rates. cash outflows related to the repayment of long-term debt increased $209 million compared to the prior year primarily due to the maturity of our senior notes in 2015. cash flows for the prior year reflected a $543 million increase in cash from issuance of our unsecured senior notes due october 2024 and a $300 million decrease in cash related to short-term borrowings as we
79
reduced our borrowings from the fhlb. cash outflows related to the repurchase of common shares increased $164 million compared to the prior year. net cash inflows related to changes in debt of cies decreased $217 million compared to the prior year due to a decrease in borrowings of cies, partially offset by lower repayments of debt of cies.
contractual commitments the contractual obligations identified in the table below include both our on and off-balance sheet transactions that represent material expected or contractually committed future obligations. the table excludes obligations of cies as they are not direct obligations of the company and have recourse only to the assets of the cies. estimated cash payments due by period as of december 31, 2016 were as follows:
total                2017             2018-2019             2020-2021            2022 and thereafter
(in millions)
balance sheet long-term debt(1)                                             $2,899                 $12                $326                  $761                      $1,800
insurance and annuities(2)                                    49,819               2,651               4,743                 4,203                      38,222
investment certificates(3)                                     5,935               5,677                 258                     -                           -
deferred premium options(4)                                    1,790                 270                 500                   381                         639
affordable housing and other real estate partnerships(5)         177                  88                  78                     5                           6
off-balance sheet operating lease obligations                                      295                  64                 101                    58                          72
purchase obligations(6)                                          913                 277                 401                   214                          21
interest on long-term debt(7)                                    637                 108                 213                   138                         178
total                                                        $62,465              $9,147              $6,620                $5,760                     $40,938
(1) see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for more information about our long-term debt. amounts include obligations under capital leases.
(2) these scheduled payments are represented by reserves of approximately $30.2 billion at december 31, 2016 and are based on interest credited, mortality, morbidity, lapse, surrender and premium payment assumptions. the estimated payments are presented gross before reinsurance. the scheduled payments are undiscounted and exceed the corresponding liability at december 31, 2016. actual payment obligations may differ if experience varies from these assumptions. for estimated payments as of december 31, 2016, we increased the projected period for which cash payments will be made from 35 to 40 years. this change increased our contractual commitments for the 2022 and thereafter period compared to our disclosure at december 31, 2015. separate account liabilities have been excluded as associated contractual obligations would be met by separate account assets.
(3) the payments due by year are based on contractual term maturities. however, contractholders have the right to redeem the investment certificates earlier and at their discretion subject to surrender charges, if any. redemptions are most likely to occur in periods of substantial increases in interest rates.
(4) the fair value of these commitments included on the consolidated balance sheets was $1.7 billion as of december 31, 2016. see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for more information about our deferred premium options.
(5) call dates for the obligations presented are either date or event specific. for date specific obligations, we are required to fund a specific amount on a stated date provided there are no defaults under the agreement. for event specific obligations, we are required to fund a specific amount of its capital commitment when properties in a fund become fully stabilized. for event specific obligations, the estimated call date of these commitments is used in the table above.
(6) purchase obligations include the minimum contractual amounts by period under contracts that were in effect at december 31, 2016. many of the purchase agreements giving rise to these purchase obligations include termination clauses that may require payment of termination fees if the agreements are terminated by us without cause prior to their stated expiration; however, the table reflects the amounts to be paid assuming the contracts are not terminated.
(7) interest on long-term debt was estimated based on rates in effect as of december 31, 2016.
in addition to the contractual commitments outlined in the table above, we periodically fund the employees' defined benefit plans. in 2017, we expect to contribute $31 million to our pension plans and $1 million to our defined benefit postretirement plans. see note 22 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
total loan funding commitments, which are not included in the table above due to uncertainty with respect to timing of future cash flows, were $265 million at december 31, 2016. for additional information relating to these contractual commitments, see note 23 to our consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we provide asset management services to investment entities which are considered to be vies, such as clos, hedge funds, property funds and private equity funds, which are sponsored by us. we consolidate certain clos. we have determined that consolidation is not required for hedge funds, property funds and private equity funds, which are sponsored by us. our maximum exposure to loss with respect to our investment in these non-consolidated entities is limited to our carrying value. we have no obligation to provide further financial or other support to these investment entities nor have we provided any support to these investment entities. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our arrangements with these investment entities.
80
forward-looking statements this report contains forward-looking statements that reflect management's plans, estimates and beliefs. actual results could differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements. examples of such forward-looking statements include:
   statements of the company's plans, intentions, positioning, expectations, objectives or goals, including those relating to asset flows, mass affluent and affluent client acquisition strategy, client retention and growth of our client base, financial advisor productivity, retention, recruiting and enrollments, the introduction, cessation, terms or pricing of new or existing products and services, acquisition integration, benefits and claims expenses, general and administrative costs, consolidated tax rate, return of capital to shareholders, debt repayment and excess capital position and financial flexibility to capture additional growth opportunities;
   other statements about future economic performance, the performance of equity markets and interest rate variations and the economic performance of the united states and of global markets; and
   statements of assumptions underlying such statements.
the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "optimistic," "intend," "plan," "aim," "will," "may," "should," "could," "would," "likely," "forecast," "on pace," "project" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements.
such factors include, but are not limited to:
   conditions in the interest rate, credit default, equity market and foreign exchange environments, including changes in valuations, liquidity and volatility;
   changes in and the adoption of relevant accounting standards and securities rating agency standards and processes, as well as changes in the litigation and regulatory environment, including ongoing legal proceedings and regulatory actions, the frequency and extent of legal claims threatened or initiated by clients, other persons and regulators, and developments in regulation and legislation, including the rules and regulations implemented or that may be implemented or modified in connection with the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act or in light of the u.s. department of labor rule and exemptions pertaining to the fiduciary status of investment advice providers to 401(k) plans, plan sponsors, plan participants and the holders of individual retirement or health savings accounts;
   investment management performance and distribution partner and consumer acceptance of the company's products;
   effects of competition in the financial services industry, including pricing pressure, the introduction of new products and services and changes in product distribution mix and distribution channels;
   changes to the company's reputation that may arise from employee or advisor misconduct, legal or regulatory actions, perceptions of the financial services industry generally, improper management of conflicts of interest or otherwise;
   the company's capital structure, including indebtedness, limitations on subsidiaries to pay dividends, and the extent, manner, terms and timing of any share or debt repurchases management may effect as well as the opinions of rating agencies and other analysts and the reactions of market participants or the company's regulators, advisors, distribution partners or customers in response to any change or prospect of change in any such opinion;
   changes to the availability and cost of liquidity and the company's credit capacity that may arise due to shifts in market conditions, the company's credit ratings and the overall availability of credit;
   risks of default, capacity constraint or repricing by issuers or guarantors of investments the company owns or by counterparties to hedge, derivative, insurance or reinsurance arrangements or by manufacturers of products the company distributes, experience deviations from the company's assumptions regarding such risks, the evaluations or the prospect of changes in evaluations of any such third parties published by rating agencies or other analysts, and the reactions of other market participants or the company's regulators, advisors, distribution partners or customers in response to any such evaluation or prospect of changes in evaluation;
   experience deviations from the company's assumptions regarding morbidity, mortality and persistency in certain annuity and insurance products, or from assumptions regarding market returns assumed in valuing or unlocking dac and dsic or market volatility underlying the company's valuation and hedging of guaranteed benefit annuity riders, or from assumptions regarding interest rates assumed in the company's loss recognition testing of its long term care business, or from assumptions regarding anticipated claims and losses relating to the company's automobile and home insurance products;
   changes in capital requirements that may be indicated, required or advised by regulators or rating agencies;
   the impacts of the company's efforts to improve distribution economics and to grow third-party distribution of its products;
   the ability to pursue and complete strategic transactions and initiatives, including acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, joint ventures and the development of new products and services;
   the ability to realize the financial, operating and business fundamental benefits of strategic transactions and initiatives the company has completed, is pursuing or may pursue in the future, which may be impacted by the ability to obtain regulatory
81
approvals, the ability to effectively manage related expenses and by market, business partner and consumer reactions to such strategic transactions and initiatives;
   the ability and timing to realize savings and other benefits from re-engineering and tax planning;
   interruptions or other failures in the company's communications, technology and other operating systems, including errors or failures caused by third-party service providers, interference or failures caused by third party attacks on the company's systems, or the failure to safeguard the privacy or confidentiality of sensitive information and data on such systems; and
   general economic and political factors, including consumer confidence in the economy and the financial industry, the ability and inclination of consumers generally to invest as well as their ability and inclination to invest in financial instruments and products other than cash and cash equivalents, the costs of products and services the company consumes in the conduct of its business, and applicable legislation and regulation and changes therein (such as the june 2016 uk referendum on membership in the european union and the uncertain regulatory environment in the u.s. after the recent u.s. election), including tax laws, tax treaties, fiscal and central government treasury policy, and policies regarding the financial services industry and publicly-held firms, and regulatory rulings and pronouncements.
management cautions the reader that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive. there may also be other risks that management is unable to predict at this time that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. management undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements.
ameriprise financial announces financial and other information to investors through the company's investor relations website at ir.ameriprise.com, as well as sec filings, press releases, public conference calls and webcasts. investors and others interested in the company are encouraged to visit the investor relations website from time to time, as information is updated and new information is posted. the website also allows users to sign up for automatic notifications in the event new materials are posted. the information found on the website is not incorporated by reference into this report or in any other report or document the company furnishes or files with the sec.
