item 1a. risk factors as a global investment management firm, risk is an inherent part of blackrock's business. global markets, by their nature, are prone to uncertainty and subject participants to a variety of risks. while blackrock devotes significant resources across all of its operations to identify, measure, monitor, manage and analyze market, operating, legal, compliance, fiduciary and investment risks, blackrock's business, financial condition, operating results and nonoperating results could be materially adversely affected and the company's stock price could decline as a result of any of these risks and uncertainties, including the ones discussed below.
market and competition risks changes in the value levels of equity, debt, real assets, commodities, foreign exchange or other asset markets may cause assets under management ("aum"), revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of aum and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. numerous factors, including price movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or alternative investments in which blackrock invests, could cause:
•   the value of aum, or the returns blackrock realizes on aum, to decrease;

•   the withdrawal of funds from blackrock's products in favor of products offered by competitors;

•   the rebalancing or reallocating of assets into blackrock products that yield lower fees;

•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or

•   a decrease in the value of seed or co-investment capital.

the occurrence of any of these events may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment advisory contracts may be terminated or may not be renewed by clients or fund boards on favorable terms and the liquidation of certain funds may be accelerated at the option of investors.
blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from its investment advisory business. the advisory or management contracts blackrock has entered into with its clients, including the agreements that govern many of blackrock's investment funds, provide investors or, in some cases, the independent directors of private investment funds, with significant latitude to terminate such contracts, withdraw funds or liquidate funds by simple majority vote with limited notice or penalty, or to remove blackrock as a fund's investment advisor (or equivalent). blackrock also manages its u.s. mutual funds, closed-end and exchange-traded funds under management contracts that must be renewed and approved annually by the funds' respective boards of directors, a majority of whom are independent from the company. blackrock's fee arrangements under any of its advisory or management contracts may be subject to reduction (including at the behest of a fund's board of directors). in addition, if a number of blackrock's clients terminate their contracts, remove blackrock from advisory roles, liquidate funds or fail to renew management contracts on favorable terms, the fees or carried interest blackrock earns could be reduced, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased competition may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the investment management industry is highly competitive and has relatively low barriers to entry. blackrock competes based on a number of factors including: investment performance, the level of fees charged, the quality and diversity of services and products provided, name recognition and reputation, and the ability to develop new investment strategies and products to meet the changing needs of investors. in addition, the introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, have altered the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to fee compression or require blackrock to spend more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive with products and services offered by other financial institutions, technology companies, trading, advisory or asset management firms. increased competition on the basis of any of these factors, including competition leading to fee reductions on existing or new business, may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
18
failure to maintain aladdin's competitive position in a dynamic market for risk analytics could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
the sophisticated risk analytics that blackrock provides via the aladdin technology platform to support investment advisory and blackrock solutions clients are an important element of blackrock's competitive success.  aladdin's competitive position is based in part on its ability to combine sophisticated risk analytics with comprehensive portfolio management, trading and operations tools on a single platform.  increased competition from risk analytics and investment management technology providers or a shift in client demand away to standalone or internally developed solutions, whether due to price competition or market-based or regulatory factors, may weaken aladdin's competitive position and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline.  in addition, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to effectively protect and enforce its intellectual property rights in aladdin.
the failure or negative performance of products offered by competitors may cause aum in similar blackrock products to decline irrespective of blackrock's performance.
many competitors offer similar products to those offered by blackrock and the failure or negative performance of competitors' products could lead to a loss of confidence in similar blackrock products, irrespective of the performance of such products. any loss of confidence in a product type could lead to withdrawals, redemptions and liquidity issues in such products, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
changes in the value of seed and co-investments that blackrock owns could affect its income and could increase the volatility of its earnings.
at december 31, 2016, blackrock's net economic investment exposure of approximately $1.5 billion in its investments (see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-investments and investments of consolidated vies") primarily resulted from co-investments and seed investments in its sponsored investment funds. movements in the equity, debt or currency markets, or in the price of real assets, commodities or other alternative investments, could lower the value of these investments as well as other minority investments, increase the volatility of blackrock's earnings and cause earnings to decline.
operating risks associated with blackrock's securities lending program may result in client losses.
blackrock lends securities to banks and broker-dealers on behalf of certain of its clients. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock must manage this process and is charged with mitigating the associated operational risks. the failure of blackrock's controls to mitigate such operational risks could result in financial losses for the company's clients that participate in its securities lending programs (separate from the risks of collateral investments), and blackrock may be held liable for any failure to manage any such risks.
blackrock indemnifies certain securities lending clients for specified losses as a result of a borrower default.
blackrock provides borrower default indemnification to certain of its securities lending clients. in the event of a borrower default, blackrock would use the collateral pledged by the borrower to repurchase securities out on loan in order to replace them in a client's account. borrower default indemnification is limited to the shortfall that occurs in the event the collateral available at the time of the borrower's default is insufficient to repurchase those securities out on loan. blackrock requires all borrowers to mark to market their pledged collateral daily to levels in excess of the value of the securities on loan to mitigate the likelihood of the indemnity being triggered. where the collateral is in the form of cash, the indemnities blackrock provides do not guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which that cash collateral is invested. the amount of securities on loan as of december 31, 2016 and subject to indemnification was $169.3 billion. blackrock held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $180.1 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2016. significant borrower defaults occurring simultaneously with rapid declines in the value of collateral pledged and/or increases in the value of the securities loaned may create collateral shortfalls, which could result in material liabilities under these indemnities and may cause the company's revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's decision to provide support to particular products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
while not legally mandated, blackrock may, at its option, from time to time choose to support investment products through capital or credit support for commercial or other reasons. such support may utilize capital and liquidity that would otherwise be available for other corporate purposes. losses on such support, as well as regulatory restrictions on the company's ability to provide such support or the failure to have available or devote sufficient capital or liquidity to support products, may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
increased geopolitical unrest could adversely affect the global economy or specific international, regional and domestic markets, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
terrorist activity and the continued threat of terrorism and acts of civil or international hostility, both within the united states and abroad, as well as ongoing military and other actions and heightened security measures in response to these types of threats, may cause significant volatility and declines in the global markets, loss of life, property damage, disruptions to commerce and reduced economic activity. global unrest or conflict or acts of terror, as well as any changes in the current geopolitical environment, may adversely affect the global economy or capital markets and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
19
risks related to investment performance poor investment performance could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the company's management believes that investment performance, including the efficient delivery of beta, is one of the most important factors for the growth and retention of aum. poor investment performance relative to applicable portfolio benchmarks or to competitors may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline as a result of:
•   client withdrawals in favor of better performing products;

•   client shifts to products that charge lower fees;

•   the diminishing ability to attract additional funds from existing and new clients;

•   reduced, minimal or no performance fees;

•   an impairment to the value of intangible assets and goodwill; or

•   a decrease in investment returns on seed and co-investment capital.

performance fees may increase volatility of both revenue and earnings.
a portion of blackrock's revenue is derived from performance fees on investment advisory assignments. performance fees represented $295 million, or 3%, of total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2016. generally, the company is entitled to a performance fee only if the agreement pursuant to which it is managing the assets provides for one and if returns on the related portfolio exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. if these targets are not exceeded, a performance fee for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the company may not earn performance fees in future periods. the volatility of the company's future revenue and earnings may also increase as blackrock takes on more advisory assignments for illiquid investments, where fees are generally realized and recognized over substantially longer periods than those associated with more liquid products.
failure to identify errors in the quantitative models blackrock utilizes to manage its business could adversely impact product performance and client relationships.
blackrock employs various quantitative models to support its investment decisions and allocations, including those related to risk assessment, portfolio management, trading and hedging activities and product valuations. any errors in the underlying models or model assumptions could have unanticipated and adverse consequences on blackrock's business and reputation.
technology and operational risks a failure in blackrock's operational systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could disrupt operations, damage the company's reputation and cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. moreover a significant portion of blackrock's critical business operations are concentrated in a limited number of geographic areas, including san francisco, new york, london and gurgaon. the failure to maintain an infrastructure commensurate with the size and scope of blackrock's business, or the occurrence of a business outage or event outside blackrock's control, including a major earthquake, hurricane, fire, terrorist act, pandemic or other catastrophic event in any location at which blackrock maintains a major presence, could materially impact operations, result in disruption to the business or impede its growth. notwithstanding blackrock's efforts to ensure business continuity, if it fails to keep business continuity plans up-to-date or if such plans, including secure back-up facilities and systems and the availability of back-up employees, are improperly implemented or deployed during a disruption, the company's ability to operate could be adversely impacted which may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline or impact the company's ability to comply with regulatory obligations leading to reputational harm, regulatory fines and/or sanctions.
a cyber-attack or a failure to implement effective information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities could disrupt operations and cause financial losses that may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them. an externally caused information security incident, such as a hacker attack, virus, phishing scam or worm, or an internally caused issue, such as failure to control access to sensitive systems, could materially interrupt business operations or cause disclosure or modification of sensitive or confidential client or competitive information. moreover, blackrock's increased use of mobile and cloud technologies could heighten these and other operational risks, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond blackrock's control. blackrock's reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks could disrupt blackrock's operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of personal, confidential or proprietary information. in addition, there is a risk that encryption and other protective measures may be circumvented, particularly to the extent that new computing technologies increase the speed and computing power available.
there have been a number of recent highly publicized cases involving financial services and consumer-based companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or customer information, as well as cyber-attacks involving the dissemination, theft and destruction of corporate information or other assets, as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties, including actions by terrorist organizations and hostile foreign governments.
blackrock has been the target of attempted cyber-attacks, as well as the co-opting of its brand to create fraudulent websites, and must continuously monitor and develop its systems to protect its technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption, as the failure to do so could disrupt blackrock's operations and cause financial losses. in addition, due to blackrock's interconnectivity with third-party vendors, central agents, exchanges, clearing houses and other financial institutions, blackrock may be adversely affected if any of them are subject to a successful cyber-attack or other information security event, including those arising due to the use of mobile and cloud technologies. blackrock also routinely transmits and receives personal, confidential or proprietary information by email and other electronic means. the
20
company collaborates with clients, vendors and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. however, blackrock cannot ensure that it or such third parties have all appropriate controls in place to protect the confidentiality of such information.
any information security incident or cyber-attack against blackrock or third parties with whom it is connected, including any interception, mishandling or misuse of personal, confidential or proprietary information, could result in material financial loss, loss of competitive position, regulatory fines and/or sanctions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal liability, which, in turn, may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
failure or unavailability of third-party dependencies may adversely affect aladdin operations and could lead to a loss of clients and could impede blackrock's productivity and growth.
blackrock relies on its ability to maintain a robust and secure technological framework to maximize the benefit of the aladdin platform. the analytical capabilities of aladdin depend on the ability of a number of third parties to provide data and other information as inputs into aladdin analytical calculations.  the failure of these third parties to provide such data or information, or disruption of such information flows, could result in operational difficulties and adversely impact blackrock's ability to provide services to its investment advisory and blackrock solutions clients.
failure to maintain adequate corporate and contingent liquidity may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, as well as harm its prospects for growth.
blackrock's ability to meet anticipated cash needs depends upon a number of factors, including its ability to maintain and grow its aum, creditworthiness and operating cash flows. failure to maintain adequate liquidity could lead to unanticipated costs and force blackrock to revise existing strategic and business initiatives. blackrock's access to equity and debt markets and its ability to issue public or private debt, or secure lines of credit or commercial paper back-up lines, on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, a reduction in its long- or short-term credit ratings, or changes in government regulations, including tax and interest rates. failure to obtain funds and/or financing, or any adverse change to the cost of obtaining such funds and/or financing, may cause blackrock's aum, liquidity and earnings to decline, curtail its operations and limit or impede its prospects for growth.
blackrock may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose blackrock to additional costs or operational risk.
blackrock's financial performance depends, in part, on its ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. the development and introduction of new products and services require continued innovative efforts on the part of blackrock and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. a failure to innovate, or introduce new products and services, or to successfully manage the risks associated with such products and services may cause blackrock's costs to fluctuate, which may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
future inorganic transactions may harm the company's competitive or financial position if they are not successful.
blackrock employs a variety of organic and inorganic strategies intended to enhance earnings, increase product offerings, access new clients, leverage advances in technology and expand into new geographies. inorganic strategies have included hiring smaller-sized investment teams, and acquiring investment management businesses and other small and medium-sized companies. inorganic transactions involve a number of financial, accounting, tax, regulatory, geographical and operational challenges and uncertainties, including in some cases the assumption of pre-existing liabilities. any failure to identify and mitigate these risks through due diligence and indemnification provisions could adversely impact blackrock's reputation, may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, and may harm the company's competitive position in the investment management industry. moreover, there can be no assurance that blackrock will be able to successfully integrate or realize the intended benefits from future inorganic transactions.
investments in real assets such as real estate, infrastructure and energy assets may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to new or increased risks and liabilities, as well as reputational harm.
investments in real assets, including real estate, infrastructure and energy assets, may expose blackrock and its funds and accounts to increased risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership and management of such assets. these may include:
•   construction risks, including labor disputes or work stoppages, shortages of material or interruptions to the availability of necessary equipment;

•   accidents, adverse weather, force majeure or catastrophic events, such as explosions, fires or terrorist activity beyond blackrock's control;

•   personal injury or property damage;

•   failures on the part of third-party managers or sub-contractors appointed in connection with investments or projects to adequately perform their contractual duties or operate in accordance with applicable laws;

•   exposure to stringent and complex foreign, federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations, including those related to permits, government contracting, conservation, exploration and production, tenancy, occupational health and safety, foreign investment and environmental protection;

•   environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, product and waste spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, and unauthorized discharges of products, wastes and other pollutants;

•   changes to the supply and demand for properties and/or tenancies or fluctuations in the price of commodities;

21
•   the financial resources of tenants; and

•   contingent liabilities on disposition of assets.

the above risks may expose blackrock's funds and accounts to additional expenses and liabilities, including costs associated with delays or remediation costs, and increased legal or regulatory costs, all of which could impact the returns earned by blackrock's clients.  these risks could also result in direct liability for blackrock by exposing blackrock to regulatory sanction or litigation, including claims for compensatory or punitive damages. similarly, market conditions may change during the course of developments or projects in which blackrock invests that make such development or project less attractive than at the time it was commenced and potentially harm the investment returns of blackrock's clients. the occurrence of any such events may expose blackrock to reputational harm, divert management's attention away from blackrock's other business activities or cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
operating in international markets increases blackrock's operational, political, regulatory and other risks.
as a result of blackrock's extensive international operations, the company faces associated operational, regulatory, reputational, political and foreign exchange rate risks, many of which are outside of the company's control. the failure of the company's systems of internal control to mitigate such risks, or of its operating infrastructure to support its global activities, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines and/or sanctions, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
risks related to human capital the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems could disrupt operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or damage the company's reputation and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
many of blackrock's operations are highly complex and are dependent on the company's ability to process and monitor a large number of transactions, many of which occur across numerous markets and currencies at high volumes and frequencies. although blackrock expends considerable resources on systemic controls, supervision, technology and training in an effort to ensure that such transactions do not violate client guidelines and applicable rules and regulations or adversely affect clients, counterparties or the company, blackrock's operations are ultimately dependent on its employees. from time-to-time, employees make mistakes that are not always immediately detected by policies and procedures intended to prevent and detect such errors. these can include calculation errors, errors in software implementation or development, failure to follow protocols or report issues or errors in judgment. human errors, even if promptly discovered and remediated, may disrupt operations, cause losses, lead to regulatory fines or sanctions, or damage blackrock's reputation and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
fraud, or the circumvention of controls and risk management policies, could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
although blackrock has adopted a comprehensive risk management process and continues to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks, it cannot ensure that such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks to its businesses. blackrock is subject to the risk that its employees, contractors or other third parties may deliberately seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud or otherwise act in ways that are inconsistent with the company's controls, policies, procedures, culture and principles. persistent attempts to circumvent policies and controls or repeated incidents involving fraud, conflicts of interests or transgressions of policies and controls could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation, which could cause costly regulatory inquiries, fines and/or sanctions and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure to recruit and retain employees and develop and implement effective executive succession could lead to the loss of clients and may cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's success is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of its highly skilled workforce and the company's ability to plan for the future long-term growth of the business by identifying and developing those employees who can ultimately transition into key roles within blackrock. the global market for qualified fund managers, investment analysts, technology and risk specialists and other professionals is competitive, and factors that affect blackrock's ability to attract and retain such employees include the company's reputation, the immigration policies in the jurisdictions in which blackrock has offices, the compensation and benefits it provides, and its commitment to effectively managing executive succession, including the development and training of qualified individuals.
in addition, a percentage of the deferred compensation that blackrock pays to its employees is tied to the company's share price. as such, if blackrock's share price were to decrease materially, the retention value of such deferred compensation would decrease. there can be no assurance that the company will continue to be successful in its efforts to recruit and retain employees and effectively manage executive succession. if blackrock is unable to offer competitive compensation or otherwise attract and retain talented individuals, or if it fails to effectively manage executive succession, the company's ability to compete effectively and retain its existing clients may be materially impacted.
risks related to key third-party relationships the impairment or failure of third parties may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock's investment management activities expose the products and accounts it manages to many different industries and counterparties, including distributors, brokers and dealers, commercial and investment banks, clearing organizations, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients. transactions with counterparties expose the products and accounts blackrock manages to credit risk in the event the applicable counterparty defaults. although blackrock regularly assesses risks posed by its counterparties, such counterparties may be subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets that may impair their ability to perform or they may otherwise fail to meet their obligations.
22
any such impairment or failure could negatively impact the performance of products or accounts managed by blackrock, which could lead to the loss of clients and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
the failure of a key vendor to blackrock to fulfill its obligations could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or business, which may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock depends on a number of key vendors for various fund administration, accounting, custody, market data, market indices and transfer agent roles and other distribution and operational needs. blackrock performs focused diligence on its vendors in an effort to ensure they operate in accordance with expectations; however, to the extent any significant deficiencies are uncovered, there may be few, or no, feasible alternative vendors available to blackrock in certain areas. in addition, blackrock may from time to time transfer key contracts from one vendor to another. for example, in january 2017 blackrock announced it would be moving custody services on more than $1 trillion of client assets from state street corp. to jpmorgan chase & co. any such transfer may be costly and complex, and expose blackrock to heightened operational risks.  any failure to mitigate such risks could result in reputational harm, as well as financial losses to blackrock and its clients.  the failure or inability of blackrock to diversify its sources for key services or the failure of any key vendor to fulfill its obligations could lead to operational and regulatory issues for the company, including with respect to certain of its products, which could result in reputational harm and may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
any disruption to the company's distribution channels may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock relies on a number of third parties to provide distribution, portfolio administration and servicing for certain blackrock investment management products and services through their various distribution channels. blackrock's ability to maintain strong relationships with its distributors may impact the company's future performance, and its relationships with distributors are subject to periodic renegotiation that may result in increased distribution costs and/or reductions in the amount of blackrock products and services being marketed or distributed. moreover, new fiduciary regulations could lead to significant shifts in distributors' business models and more limited product offerings, potentially resulting in reduced distribution and/or marketing of certain of the company's products and services and fee compression. if blackrock is unable to distribute its products and services successfully, if it experiences an increase in distribution-related costs, or if it is unable to replace or renew existing distribution arrangements, blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings may decline. in addition, improper activities, such as inadequate anti-money laundering diligence conducted by third-party distributors, could create reputational harm to blackrock.
disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's exchange traded fund ("etf") platform may adversely affect the prices at which etfs trade, particularly during periods of market volatility.
blackrock is the largest provider of etfs globally. shares of etfs trade on stock exchanges at prices at, above or below the etf's most recent net asset value. the net asset value of an etf is calculated at the end of each business day and fluctuates with changes in the market value of the etf's holdings. the trading price of the etf's shares fluctuates continuously throughout trading hours. while an etf's creation/redemption feature and the arbitrage mechanism are designed to make it more likely that the etf's shares normally will trade at prices close to the etf's net asset value, exchange prices may deviate significantly from the etf's net asset value. etf market prices are subject to numerous potential risks, including trading halts invoked by a stock exchange, inability or unwillingness of market markers, authorized participants, settlement systems or other market participants to perform functions necessary for an etf's arbitrage mechanism to function effectively, or significant market volatility. although blackrock and other large issuers of etfs are working with market participants to enhance u.s. equity market resiliency, there can be no assurance that structural reforms will be implemented in a timely or effective fashion, or at all. moreover, if market events lead to incidences where etfs trade at prices that deviate significantly from an etf's net asset value, or trading halts are invoked by the relevant stock exchange or market, investors may lose confidence in etf products and redeem their holdings, which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
legal and regulatory risks blackrock is subject to extensive regulation around the world.
blackrock's business is subject to extensive regulation around the world. these regulations subject blackrock's business activities to an array of increasingly detailed operational requirements, compliance with which is costly and complex. blackrock may be adversely affected by its failure to comply with current laws and regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations. challenges associated with interpreting regulations issued in numerous countries in a globally consistent manner may add to such risks, if regulators in different jurisdictions have inconsistent views or provide only limited regulatory guidance. in particular, violation of applicable laws or regulations could result in fines and/or sanctions, temporary or permanent prohibition of certain activities, reputational harm and related client terminations, suspensions of employees or revocation of their licenses, suspension or termination of investment adviser, broker-dealer or other registrations, or suspension or termination of bank charter or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on blackrock's reputation or business and may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline. for a more extensive discussion of the laws, regulations and regulators to which blackrock is subject, see "item 1 - business - regulation."
regulatory reforms in the united states expose blackrock to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
in recent years a number of regulatory reforms have been introduced in the united states, including several that remain proposals or that are at various phases of implementation, and the level of regulatory scrutiny to which blackrock is subject has increased. blackrock, as well as its clients, vendors and distributors, have expended resources and altered certain of their business or operating activities to prepare for, address and meet the requirements that such regulatory reforms impose. while blackrock is, or may become, subject to numerous reform initiatives in the united states, see "item 1 - business - regulation," key regulatory reforms that may impact the company include:
•   designation as a systemically important financial institution: the financial stability oversight council ("fsoc") is considering potential systemic risk related to asset management. its statements have generally indicated that it is, at this time, focused on a products and activities, rather than designation, approach in its review of asset managers. in the united states, the fsoc has not indicated whether or not it intends to designate any asset managers as sifis. in the event that blackrock receives a sifi

23
designation, under dodd-frank, the federal reserve is charged with establishing enhanced regulatory requirements for nonbank financial institutions and blackrock could become subject to direct supervision by the federal reserve.

•   sec rulemakings for us registered funds and investment advisers: the sec has recently engaged in a period of active rule-making in an effort to improve and modernize the regulatory structure governing the asset management industry, and registered investment companies in particular. in so doing, it has introduced rules that include (i) new monthly and annual reporting requirements for certain u.s. registered funds; (ii) enhanced reporting regimes for investments advisers; and (iii) the implementation of fund board approved liquidity risk management programs for etfs and open-end funds, other than money market funds. the new rules will increase blackrock's public reporting and disclosure requirements, which could be costly and which may impede blackrock's growth and cause aum, revenue and earnings to decline. the sec has also proposed rules requiring all advisers to implement enhanced business continuity and transition plans, as well as more stringent asset segregation rules and leverage limits for u.s. registered funds, which may require funds holding derivatives to hold more cash, which, in turn could cause performance drag and increase tracking error.

•   the volcker rule: provisions of dodd-frank referred to as the "volcker rule" created a new section of the bank holding company act that places limitations on the ability of banks and their subsidiaries to engage in proprietary trading and to invest in and transact with certain private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds and funds of funds (collectively "covered funds"). the bank holding company act by its terms does not currently apply to blackrock. the federal reserve currently takes the position that pnc's ownership interest in blackrock, which is approximately 22%, causes blackrock to be treated as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc for the purpose of the bank holding company act and that blackrock is subject to banking regulation. based on this interpretation of the bank holding company act, the federal reserve could initiate a process to formally determine that pnc controls blackrock under the terms of the bank holding company act. any such determination, if successful, would subject blackrock to current and future regulatory requirements under the bank holding company act, including the volcker rule. conformance with the volcker rule may require blackrock to remove its name from the names of its covered funds, and to sell certain seed and co-investments that it holds in those funds, which may occur at a discount to existing carrying value depending on market conditions.

•   revised dol fiduciary rule: in april 2016, the dol published a new regulation defining the term "fiduciary" for purposes of the fiduciary responsibility provisions of title i of erisa and the prohibited transaction exercise tax provisions of the irs. the rule, which the dol memorandum has placed under review, is scheduled to begin to apply in april 2017. the rule would require blackrock to revise a number of its distribution relationships, create compliance and operational challenges for blackrock's distribution partners and may limit blackrock's ability to provide certain useful services and education to its clients.

regulatory reforms in the united states could require blackrock to alter its future business or operating activities, which could be costly, impede the company's growth and cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline. regulatory reform may also impact blackrock's banking, insurance company and pension fund clients, which could cause them to change their investment strategies or allocations in manners that may be adverse to blackrock.
in addition, although it remains too early to accurately predict the forthcoming regulatory environment, a number of recent regulatory reforms, as well as proposals for future regulatory reform, may be repealed, modified or delayed, including those that are in the process of being implemented. potential reform initiatives or regulatory changes, including those arising out of or in connection with the executive order or dol memorandum, that may directly or indirectly impact blackrock's business or operating activities include:
•   a repeal or modification of portions of dodd-frank, including the volcker rule;

•   a repeal, delay or revision to the dol fiduciary rule;

•   changes to the regulatory landscape of public companies, financial institutions and trading, advisory and asset management firms;

•   changes to the process for designation of nonbank financial companies as sifis; and/or

•   the changing leadership at key financial regulatory agencies, including the sec, occ, the commodity futures trading commission, the federal reserve and the financial stability oversight council.

international regulatory reforms expose blackrock and its clients to increasing regulatory scrutiny, as well as regulatory uncertainty.
blackrock's business and operating activities are subject to increasing regulatory oversight outside of the united states and the company may be affected by a number of pending regulatory reform initiatives in emea and the asia-pacific region, as well as volatility associated with international regulatory uncertainty, including:
•   british exit from the european union: in june 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union ("eu"), commonly referred to as "brexit", which resulted in significant volatility in several international markets. the timing and the outcome of the negotiations between the u.k. and the eu in connection with brexit are highly uncertain and information regarding the long-term consequences of the vote is expected to become clearer over time. the company will continue to monitor the potential impact of brexit on its results of operations and financial condition.

•   designation as a systemically important financial institution: the financial stability board ("fsb") working with the international organization of securities commissions ("iosco") is considering potential systemic risk related to asset management; statements made by these organizations have generally indicated that they are, at this time, focused on a products and activities, rather than designation, approach in their review of asset managers. this sentiment was most recently reiterated in the fsb's final policy recommendations to address structural vulnerabilities from asset management activities, released in january 2017, which continues to concentrate primarily on products and activities and includes 14 recommendations largely focused on liquidity in open-end funds, leverage in funds, operational risk, and securities lending, certain of which iosco is expected to engage on in the future. the fsb has indicated that it may develop criteria for designation of nonbank non-insurers in the future to address "residual risks". any measures applied in relation to a g-sifi designation from the fsb would need to be implemented through existing regulatory processes and procedures by relevant national authorities.

•   reform of eu investment markets: the european commission has revised the directive governing the provision of investment services in europe ("mifid") and introduced an associated regulation (commonly referred to as mifid ii), which will be supplemented

24
by eu secondary legislation. the mifid ii reforms, which are scheduled to come into force in january 2018, are substantive, materially changing transparency requirements and enhancing protections afforded to investors. new disclosure and reporting obligations are being introduced, together with restrictions on how research may be funded and the nature of payments that may be provided to distributors. market structure reforms will additionally force more derivatives to be traded on-exchange and introduce new commodity derivatives position limits. the broad nature of the mifid ii reforms may impact blackrock's distribution client servicing and distribution models, in particular affecting the fees blackrock is able to charge to its clients and the commissions it is able to pay to its distribution partners. market structure reforms may also impact the way that the company executes investment decisions for client portfolios and have an impact on general market liquidity.

•   revised eu capital requirements: eu regulators are considering how to design an appropriate capital regime for non-systemically important investment firms given that the current eu regime, which is based upon banking requirements, is not adapted for asset managers. the european commission is currently expected to publish a number of proposals at the end of this year following consideration of a european banking authority final report on a suitable regulatory capital framework. once implemented, any new requirements could result in significant changes to the regulatory capital that blackrock is required to hold in the eu.

•   e.u. money market fund reform: the eu council has recently announced political agreement with the european parliament on certain money market funds reforms that are intended to reduce perceived risks associated with these products. the reforms are expected to come into effect starting in 2018. although technical details are still to be finalized, the reforms will limit the use of constant net asset value money market funds to those holding only government debt, and introduce a new category of "low volatility net asset value" money market funds, with both categories of money market funds being subject to reinforced liquidity requirements as well as safeguards such as liquidity fees and redemption gates. they may also reduce the attractiveness of certain money market funds to investors. blackrock is evaluating the reforms and potential impact to its existing constant net asset value money market funds.

•   new disclosures to retail consumers: eu legislators have introduced a new "key information document" ("kid"), which is applicable where a retail consumer is sold certain investment products. the kid must include specific information on costs, risks and performance. blackrock will be required to produce a kid for each fund in scope, as well as to make information available to distribution partners who sell these funds in the eu.

•   increased international regulatory scrutiny: blackrock and its subsidiaries are subject to the authority of numerous governmental and regulatory bodies outside of the united states. these regulators have imposed numerous regulations, guidelines and standards on the activities of blackrock and its subsidiaries covering a variety of areas, including capital resources requirements, marketing activities, client and investor protections, senior management arrangements, and system and control requirements. in the event that blackrock or any of its subsidiaries fail to comply with these often complex guidelines, regulations and standards, the regulators have broad powers to suspend or revoke any licenses they may have granted and/or to impose fines and/or sanctions.

legal proceedings may cause the company's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is subject to a number of sources of potential legal liability and the company, certain of the investment funds it manages and certain of its subsidiaries and employees have been named as defendants in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation arising in connection with blackrock's activities. certain of blackrock's subsidiaries and employees are also subject to periodic examination, special inquiries and potential proceedings by regulatory authorities, including the securities exchange commission, federal reserve, office of the comptroller of the currency, department of labor, commodity futures trading commission and financial conduct authority. similarly, from time to time, blackrock receives subpoenas or other requests for information from various u.s. and non-u.s. governmental and regulatory authorities in connection with certain industry-wide, company-specific or other investigations or proceedings. these examinations, inquiries and proceedings have in the past and could in the future, if compliance failures or other violations are found, cause the relevant regulator to institute proceedings and impose sanctions for violations. any such action may also result in litigation by investors in blackrock's funds, other blackrock clients or blackrock's shareholders, which could harm the company's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline, potentially harm the investment returns of the applicable fund, or result in the company being liable for damages.
in addition, when clients retain blackrock to manage their assets or provide them with products or services, they typically specify contractual requirements or guidelines that blackrock must observe in the provision of its services. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could expose blackrock to lawsuits, harm its reputation or cause clients to withdraw assets or terminate contracts.
as blackrock's business continues to grow, the company must routinely address conflicts of interest, as well as the perception of conflicts of interest, between itself and its clients, employees or vendors. in addition, the sec and other regulators have increased their scrutiny of potential conflicts. blackrock has procedures and controls in place that are designed to detect and address these issues. however, appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and if the company fails, or appears to fail, to deal appropriately with any conflict of interest, it may face reputational damage, litigation, regulatory proceedings, or penalties, fines and/or sanctions, any of which may cause blackrock's aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
blackrock is subject to u.s. banking regulations that may limit its business activities.
as described in "item 1-business-regulation", pnc owns approximately 22% of blackrock's capital stock, which may subject blackrock to banking regulation as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc. the bank holding company act by its terms does not currently apply to blackrock. the federal reserve currently takes the position that this ownership interest causes blackrock to be treated as a nonbank subsidiary of pnc for the purpose of the bank holding company act and that blackrock is subject to banking regulation. based on this interpretation of the bank holding company act, the federal reserve could initiate a process to formally determine that pnc controls blackrock under the terms of the bank holding company act.  any such determination, if successful, would subject blackrock to current and future regulatory requirements under the bank holding company act, including the volcker rule, that are more restrictive than those the company is subject to under other applicable laws, as well as the enforcement authority of the federal reserve, which includes the power to impose substantial fines and other penalties for violations. any effort by blackrock to contest a control determination by the federal reserve may be costly and complex and may not result in a reversal of such determination. in addition, blackrock's trust bank subsidiary, which is organized as a national bank, is separately subject to banking regulation by the office of the comptroller of the currency ("occ"). the occ has broad supervisory and
25
enforcement authority over blackrock's trust bank and also subjects it to capital requirements. being subject to banking regulation may put blackrock at a competitive disadvantage because certain of its competitors are not subject to these limitations.
failure to comply with ownership reporting requirements could result in harm to blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
of note among the various international regulations to which blackrock is subject are the extensive and increasingly stringent regulatory reporting requirements that necessitate the monitoring and reporting of issuer exposure levels (thresholds) across the holdings of managed funds and accounts and those of the company. the specific triggers and the reporting methods that these threshold filings entail vary significantly by regulator and across jurisdictions. blackrock continues to invest in technology, training and its employees to enhance its monitoring and reporting functions and improve the timeliness and accuracy of its disclosures. despite these investments, the complexity of the various threshold reporting requirements combined with the breadth of the assets managed by the company and high volume of securities trading have caused errors and omissions to occur in the past, and pose a risk that errors or omissions may occur in the future. any such errors may expose blackrock to monetary penalties, which could have an adverse effect on blackrock's reputation and may cause its aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
new tax legislation or changes to existing u.s. and non-u.s. tax laws, treaties and regulations or challenges to blackrock's historical taxation practices may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate, business and overall financial condition.
blackrock's businesses may be directly or indirectly affected by new tax legislation and regulation, or the modification of existing tax laws, by u.s. or non-u.s. authorities. similarly, the company manages assets that have investment objectives which conform to specific tax law rules, which could be impacted by changes in tax law or policy, particularly with respect to investment income.
for example, foreign account tax compliance act ("fatca") and the common reporting standards ("crs") have introduced new investor onboarding, withholding and reporting rules aimed at ensuring persons with financial assets outside of their tax residence country pay appropriate taxes. fatca and crs impact both u.s. and non-u.s. funds and subject blackrock to additional administrative burdens and reporting obligations. certain eu member states have also enacted financial transaction taxes ("ftts"), which impose taxation on a broad range of financial instrument and derivatives transactions. several other eu member states continue to discuss introducing ftts. if introduced as proposed, ftts could have an adverse effect on blackrock's financial results and on clients' performance results. in addition, in october 2015, the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd") released its final base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") package in an effort to curb the use of certain tax regimes and elements of tax planning, primarily in a cross-border context. the final package was endorsed by the g20 and is subject to implementation. as it stands, beps contains a number of provisions that would result in increased taxation for cross-border funds, particularly affecting fund raising for high alpha alternative products in europe such as private debt and equity. in addition, in july 2016, the european council formally adopted the anti-tax avoidance package ("eu package"), which contains measures to regulate certain elements of tax planning further and to boost tax transparency. the beps package and the eu package could curtail the amount of investments channeled by, and have unintended taxation consequences for, funds as well as the blackrock's overall tax position, which could adversely affect blackrock's financial condition and that of its clients.
the application of complex tax regulations involves numerous uncertainties, and in the normal course of business u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities may review and challenge tax positions adopted by blackrock. these challenges may result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect blackrock's effective tax rate and overall financial condition.
risks related to blackrock's significant shareholder pnc owns 22% of blackrock's capital stock. future sales or distributions of blackrock's common stock in the public market by the company or pnc could adversely affect the trading price of blackrock's common stock.
as of december 31, 2016, pnc owned 22% of the company's capital stock. sales or distributions of a substantial number of shares of blackrock's common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales or distributions might occur, may cause the market price of blackrock's common stock to decline.
pnc has agreed to vote as a stockholder in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock's board of directors, and certain actions will require special board approval or the prior approval of pnc.
as discussed in blackrock's proxy statement, pnc has agreed to vote all of its voting shares in accordance with the recommendation of blackrock's board of directors in accordance with the provisions of its stockholder agreement with blackrock. as a consequence, if the shares held by pnc constitute a substantial portion of the outstanding voting shares, matters submitted to a stockholder vote that require a majority or a plurality of votes for approval, including elections of directors, will have a substantial number of shares voted in accordance with the determination of the blackrock board of directors. this arrangement has the effect of concentrating a significant block of voting control over blackrock in its board of directors, whether or not stockholders agree with any particular determination of the board.
as discussed in blackrock's proxy statement, pursuant to blackrock's stockholder agreement with pnc, the following may not be done without prior approval of all of the independent directors, or at least two-thirds of the directors, then in office:
•   appointment of a new chief executive officer of blackrock;

•   any merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction in which beneficial ownership of a majority of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock would be held by persons different than the persons holding such majority of the total voting power prior to the occurrence of any such merger, issuance of shares or similar transaction, or any sale of all or substantially all assets of blackrock;

•   any acquisition of any person or business which has a consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year that equals or exceeds 20% of blackrock's consolidated net income after taxes for its preceding fiscal year if such acquisition involves the current or

26
potential issuance of blackrock capital stock constituting more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock issued and outstanding immediately after completion of such acquisition;

•   any acquisition of any person or business constituting a line of business that is materially different from the lines of business blackrock and its controlled affiliates are engaged in at that time if such acquisition involves consideration in excess of 10% of the total assets of blackrock on a consolidated basis;

•   except for repurchases otherwise permitted under the stockholder agreement, any repurchase by blackrock or any subsidiary of shares of blackrock capital stock such that after giving effect to such repurchase blackrock and its subsidiaries shall have repurchased more than 10% of the total voting power of blackrock capital stock within the 12-month period ending on the date of such repurchase;

•   any amendment to blackrock's certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or

•   any matter requiring stockholder approval pursuant to the rules of the new york stock exchange.

additionally, blackrock may not enter into any of the following transactions without the prior approval of pnc:
•   any sale of any subsidiary of blackrock, the annualized revenue of which, together with the annualized revenue of any other subsidiaries disposed of within the same year, are more than 20% of the annualized revenue of blackrock for the preceding fiscal year on a consolidated basis;

•   for so long as blackrock is a subsidiary of pnc for purposes of the bank holding company act, entering into any business or activity that is prohibited for any such subsidiary under the bank holding company act;

•   any amendment of any provision of a stockholder agreement between blackrock and any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to pnc or materially more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock than to pnc;

•   any amendment, modification, repeal or waiver of blackrock's certificate of incorporation or bylaws that would be viewed by a reasonable person as being adverse to the rights of pnc or more favorable to the rights of any stockholder beneficially owning greater than 20% of blackrock capital stock, or any settlement or consent in a regulatory enforcement matter that would be reasonably likely to cause pnc or any of its affiliates to suffer regulatory disqualification, suspension of registration or license or other material adverse regulatory consequences; or

•   a voluntary bankruptcy or similar filing by blackrock.

item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking statements this report, and other statements that blackrock may make, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act, with respect to blackrock's future financial or business performance, strategies or expectations. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as "trend," "potential," "opportunity," "pipeline," "believe," "comfortable," "expect," "anticipate," "current," "intention," "estimate," "position," "assume," "outlook," "continue," "remain," "maintain," "sustain," "seek," "achieve," and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as "will," "would," "should," "could," "may" and similar expressions.
blackrock cautions that forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties, which change over time. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and blackrock assumes no duty to and does not undertake to update forward-looking statements. actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements and future results could differ materially from historical performance.
in addition to risk factors previously disclosed in blackrock's securities and exchange commission ("sec") reports and those identified elsewhere in this report, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements or historical performance: (1) the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives and strategies; (2) changes and volatility in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment, foreign exchange rates or financial and capital markets, which could result in changes in demand for products or services or in the value of assets under management ("aum"); (3) the relative and absolute investment performance of blackrock's investment products; (4) the impact of increased competition; (5) the impact of future acquisitions or divestitures; (6) the unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings; (7) the extent and timing of any share repurchases; (8) the impact, extent and timing of technological changes and the adequacy of intellectual property, information and cyber security protection; (9) the potential for human error in connection with blackrock's operational systems; (10) the impact of legislative and regulatory actions and reforms, including the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, and regulatory, supervisory or enforcement actions of government agencies relating to blackrock or the pnc financial services group, inc. ("pnc"); (11) changes in law and policy accompanying the new administration and uncertainty pending any such changes; (12) terrorist activities, international hostilities and natural disasters, which may adversely affect the general economy, domestic and local financial and capital markets, specific industries or blackrock; (13) the ability to attract and retain highly talented professionals; (14) fluctuations in the carrying value of blackrock's economic investments; (15) the impact of changes to tax legislation, including income, payroll and transaction taxes, and taxation on products or transactions, which could affect the value proposition to clients and, generally, the tax position of the company; (16) blackrock's success in negotiating distribution arrangements and maintaining distribution channels for its products; (17) the failure by a key vendor of blackrock to fulfill its obligations to the company; (18) any disruption to the operations of third parties whose functions are integral to blackrock's etf platform; (19) the impact of blackrock electing to provide support to its products from time to time and any potential liabilities related to securities lending or other indemnification obligations; and (20) the impact of problems at other financial institutions or the failure or negative performance of products at other financial institutions.
overview blackrock, inc. (together, with its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise indicates, "blackrock" or the "company") is a leading publicly traded investment management firm with $5.1 trillion of aum at december 31, 2016. with approximately 13,000 employees in more than 30 countries, blackrock provides a broad range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide.
for further information see business, in part i, item 1 and note 1, introduction and basis of presentation, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8.
acquisitions and divestitures in april 2016, the company completed a transaction with bofa® global capital management that transferred investment management responsibilities of $80.6 billion of cash assets under management to the company.  total consideration included contingent consideration valued at $75 million at time of close.  blackrock's platform provides clients with broad access to high quality, global liquidity investment solutions.
in august 2016, the company completed the transfer of its uk defined contribution administration and platform business to aegon n.v. ("aegon").  the company continues to be the primary investment manager for the clients who transferred to aegon in connection with the transaction.  the associated part vii transfer of the underlying assets and liabilities to aegon remains subject to regulatory and court approval, which is expected to be finalized during the first quarter of 2018.
these transactions were not material to the company's consolidated statements of financial condition or results of operations.
united kingdom exit from european union in june 2016, the united kingdom held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union ("eu"), commonly referred to as "brexit", which resulted in significant volatility in several international markets. the timing and the outcome of the negotiations between the united kingdom and the eu in connection with brexit are both highly uncertain and information regarding the long-term consequences of the vote is expected to become clearer over time. the company will continue to monitor the potential impact of brexit on its consolidated statements of financial condition and results of operations.
31
business outlook blackrock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis.  blackrock's diversified platform, in terms of style, product, client and geography, enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning blackrock to invest for the long-term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management.
blackrock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet the needs of its clients in all market environments. blackrock is positioned to provide active and index investment solutions across asset classes and geographies and leverage blackrock solutions' world-class risk management, analytics and advisory capabilities on behalf of clients. blackrock serves a diverse mix of institutional and retail clients across the globe, including investors in ishares, maintaining differentiated client relationships and a fiduciary focus.
blackrock's retail strategy is focused on an outcome-oriented approach to creating client solutions, including active, index and alternative products, enhanced distribution and technology offerings. in the united states, blackrock is leveraging its integrated wholesaler force to further penetrate distribution platforms and gain share among registered investment advisors. internationally, blackrock continues to diversify the range of investment solutions available to clients, penetrate new distribution channels and position effectively for regulatory change.
ishares growth strategy is centered on increasing global ishares market share and driving global market expansion. blackrock intends to achieve these goals by pursuing global growth themes in client and product segments including core investments, fixed income, smart beta, financial instruments and precision exposures.
blackrock believes institutional results will be driven by enhancing blackrock's solutions-oriented approach; deepening client relationships through product diversification and higher value-add capabilities; and leveraging blackrock solutions' analytical and risk management expertise.
executive summary
(in millions, except per share data)                                     2016                          2015                          2014

gaap basis:
total revenue                                                                                          $11,155                       $11,401                       $11,081
total expense                                                                                            6,585                         6,737                         6,607
operating income                                                                                        $4,570                        $4,664                        $4,474
operating margin                                                                                          41.0   %                      40.9   %                      40.4   %
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                      (108   )                       (69   )                       (49   )
interests income tax expense                                                                                      (1,290   )                    (1,250   )                    (1,131   )
net income attributable to blackrock                                                                    $3,172                        $3,345                        $3,294
diluted earnings per common share                                                                       $19.04                        $19.79                        $19.25
effective tax rate                                                                                        28.9   %                      27.2   %                      25.6   %
as adjusted(1):
operating income                                                                                        $4,674                        $4,695                        $4,563
operating margin                                                                                          43.7   %                      42.9   %                      42.9   %
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling                      (108   )                       (70   )                       (56   )
interests net income attributable to blackrock                                                                    $3,214                        $3,313                        $3,310
diluted earnings per common share                                                                       $19.29                        $19.60                        $19.34
effective tax rate                                                                                        29.6   %                      28.4   %                      26.6   %
other:
assets under management (end of period)                                                             $5,147,852                    $4,645,412                    $4,651,895
diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding(2)                                              166,579,752                   169,038,571                   171,112,261
common and preferred shares outstanding (end of period)                                            163,121,291                   165,596,139                   166,921,863
book value per share(3)                                                                                $178.38                       $172.12                       $164.06
cash dividends declared and paid per share                                                               $9.16                         $8.72                         $7.72
(1)   as adjusted items are described in more detail in non-gaap financial measures.

(2)   nonvoting participating preferred shares are considered to be common stock equivalents for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations.

(3)   total blackrock stockholders' equity, excluding an appropriated retained deficit of $19 million for 2014, divided by total common and preferred shares outstanding at december 31 of the respective year-end.

2016 compared with 2015
gaap.    operating income of $4,570 million decreased $94 million from 2015. operating income was impacted by lower performance fees, partially offset by expense discipline and growth in aladdin revenue.  operating income also reflected a restructuring charge of $76 million recorded in the first quarter of 2016 in connection with a project to streamline and simplify the organization.  operating margin of 41% increased 10 bps from 2015 driven by continued expense discipline. nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ("nci"), decreased $39 million from 2015 due to lower net gains on investments, partially offset by higher interest and dividend income during 2016.  net gains on investments in 2015 included a $40 million noncash gain related to the blackrock kelso capital advisors llc ("bkca") transaction and a $35 million unrealized gain on a private equity investment.
income tax expense for 2016 included a $30 million net noncash tax benefit associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities, including the effect of tax legislation enacted in the united kingdom, and state and local income tax changes.  income tax expense for 2016 also included nonrecurring tax benefits of $65 million.  income tax expense for 2015 included a $54 million net noncash benefit associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities and nonrecurring tax benefits of $75 million.
32
diluted earnings per common share decreased $0.75, or 4%, compared with the prior year period, reflecting lower nonoperating income and a higher tax rate in 2016, partially offset by the benefit of share repurchases.
as adjusted.    operating income of $4,674 million decreased $21 million, and operating margin of 43.7% increased 80 bps, from 2015. the pre-tax restructuring charge of $76 million described above was excluded from as adjusted results.  income tax expense for 2016 and 2015 excluded the previously described net noncash benefits of $30 million and $54 million, respectively, and included the nonrecurring tax benefits described above.  diluted earnings per common share decreased $0.31, or 2%, from 2015.
2015 compared with 2014
gaap.    operating income of $4,664 million increased $190 million and operating margin of 40.9% increased 50 bps from 2014. operating income reflected growth in base fees and performance fees, partially offset by higher expense. the company's 2015 expense reflected higher revenue-related expense, including compensation, and distribution and servicing costs, partially offset by lower general and administration expense, and lower amortization of intangible assets.  in connection with the barclays global investors ("bgi") acquisition, blackrock recorded a $50 million indemnification asset for unrecognized tax benefits. due to the resolution of outstanding tax matters in 2014, blackrock recorded $50 million of general and administration expense in 2014 to reflect the reduction of the indemnification asset and an offsetting $50 million tax benefit.  results for 2014 also included $11 million of closed-end fund launch costs. nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, decreased $20 million from 2014 due to lower net gains on investments in 2015.
income tax expense for 2015 included a $54 million net noncash benefit described above and nonrecurring tax benefits of $75 million.  income tax expense for 2014 included $94 million of tax benefits, including the $50 million tax benefit mentioned above, a $9 million net noncash benefit, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities as a result of domestic state and local tax changes, and a $73 million net tax benefit related to several favorable nonrecurring items.
diluted earnings per common share rose $0.54, or 3%, compared with the prior year period, reflecting higher operating income and the benefit of share repurchases, partially offset by the impact of a higher 2015 effective tax rate and lower nonoperating income.
as adjusted.    operating income of $4,695 million increased $132 million from 2014 and the operating margin for both 2015 and 2014 was 42.9%. income tax expense on an as adjusted basis for 2015 included a $75 million net benefit and excluded the net noncash benefit of $54 million described above. general and administration expense for 2014 excluded the $50 million related to the reduction of the indemnification asset described above.  income tax expense for 2014 included a $73 million net benefit and excluded a $50 million tax benefit associated with the reduction of the same indemnification asset and $9 million of net noncash benefits described above.  diluted earnings per common share rose $0.26, or 1%, from 2014.
see non-gaap financial measures for further information on as adjusted items.
for further discussion of blackrock's revenue, expense, nonoperating results and income tax expense, see discussion of financial results herein.
non-gaap financial measures blackrock reports its financial results in accordance with gaap; however, management believes evaluating the company's ongoing operating results may be enhanced if investors have additional non-gaap financial measures. management reviews non-gaap financial measures to assess ongoing operations and, for the reasons described below, considers them to be effective indicators, for both management and investors, of blackrock's financial performance over time. management also uses non-gaap financial measures as a benchmark to compare its performance with other companies and to enhance the comparability of this information for the reporting periods presented. non-gaap measures may pose limitations because they do not include all of blackrock's revenue and expense. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
management uses both gaap and non-gaap financial measures in evaluating blackrock's financial performance. adjustments to gaap financial measures ("non-gaap adjustments") include certain items management deems nonrecurring or that occur infrequently, transactions that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
33
computations for all periods are derived from the consolidated statements of income as follows:
(1) operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted:
management believes operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, are effective indicators of blackrock's financial performance over time and, therefore, provide useful disclosure to investors.
(in millions)                                      2016                  2015                  2014

operating income, gaap basis                                                       $4,570                $4,664                $4,474
non-gaap expense adjustments:
restructuring charge                                                                   76                     -                     -
pnc ltip funding obligation                                                            28                    30                    32
compensation expense related to appreciation (depreciation) on deferred                 -                     1                     7
compensation plans reduction of indemnification asset                                                      -                     -                    50
operating income, as adjusted                                                       4,674                 4,695                 4,563
product launch costs and commissions                                                    -                     5                    11
operating income used for operating margin measurement                             $4,674                $4,700                $4,574
revenue, gaap basis                                                               $11,155               $11,401               $11,081
non-gaap adjustments:
distribution and servicing costs                                                     (429   )              (409   )              (364   )
amortization of deferred sales commissions                                            (34   )               (48   )               (56   )
revenue used for operating margin measurement                                     $10,692               $10,944               $10,661
operating margin, gaap basis                                                         41.0   %              40.9   %              40.4   %
operating margin, as adjusted                                                        43.7   %              42.9   %              42.9   %
•   operating income, as adjusted, includes non-gaap expense adjustments. the portion of compensation expense associated with certain long-term incentive plans ("ltip") funded, or to be funded, through share distributions to participants of blackrock stock held by pnc has been excluded because it ultimately does not impact blackrock's book value. compensation expense associated with appreciation (depreciation) on investments related to certain blackrock deferred compensation plans has been excluded, as returns on investments set aside for these plans, which substantially offset this expense, are reported in nonoperating income (expense). in 2016, a restructuring charge primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards has been excluded to provide more meaningful analysis of blackrock's ongoing operations and to ensure comparability among periods presented. in 2014, general and administration expense relating to the reduction of an indemnification asset has been excluded since it is directly offset by a tax benefit of the same amount and, consequently, does not impact blackrock's book value.

•   operating income used for measuring operating margin, as adjusted, is equal to operating income, as adjusted, excluding the impact of product launch costs (e.g. closed-end fund launch costs) and related commissions. management believes the exclusion of such costs and related commissions is useful because these costs can fluctuate considerably and revenue associated with the expenditure of these costs will not fully impact blackrock's results until future periods.

revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, excludes distribution and servicing costs paid to related parties and other third parties. management believes such costs represent a benchmark for the amount of revenue passed through to external parties who distribute the company's products.  in addition, management believes the exclusion of such costs is useful because it creates consistency in the treatment for certain contracts for similar services, which due to the terms of the contracts, are accounted for under gaap on a net basis within investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue. amortization of deferred sales commissions is excluded from revenue used for operating margin measurement, as adjusted, because such costs, over time, substantially offset distribution fee revenue the company earns. for each of these items, blackrock excludes from revenue used for operating margin, as adjusted, the costs related to each of these items as a proxy for such offsetting revenue.
(2) nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted:
nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, equals nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis, less net income (loss) attributable to nci, adjusted for compensation expense associated with (appreciation) depreciation on investments related to certain blackrock deferred compensation plans. the compensation expense offset is recorded in operating income. this compensation expense has been included in nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, to offset returns on investments set aside for these plans, which are reported in nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis.
management believes nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted, provides comparability of information among reporting periods and is an effective measure for reviewing blackrock's nonoperating contribution to results.
(in millions)                                             2016               2015               2014

nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis                                                    $(110       )       $(62       )       $(79       )
less: net income (loss) attributable to nci                                                       (2     )       7                       (30   )
nonoperating income (expense), net of nci                                                         (108   )            (69   )            (49   )
compensation expense related to (appreciation) depreciation on deferred                           -                    (1   )             (7   )
compensation plans nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci, as adjusted       $(108       )       $(70       )       $(56       )
34
(3) net income attributable to blackrock, as adjusted:
(in millions, except per share data)                2016                2015                2014

net income attributable to blackrock, gaap basis               $3,172              $3,345              $3,294
non-gaap adjustments:
restructuring charge (including $23 tax benefit)                   53                   -                   -
pnc ltip funding obligation, net of tax                            19                  22                  25
income tax matters                                                (30   )             (54   )              (9   )
net income attributable to blackrock, as adjusted              $3,214              $3,313              $3,310
diluted weighted-average common shares outstanding(4)           166.6               169.0               171.1
diluted earnings per common share, gaap basis(4)               $19.04              $19.79              $19.25
diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted(4)              $19.29              $19.60              $19.34
management believes net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, and diluted earnings per common share, as adjusted, are useful measures of blackrock's profitability and financial performance. net income attributable to blackrock, inc., as adjusted, equals net income attributable to blackrock, inc., gaap basis, adjusted for significant nonrecurring items, charges that ultimately will not impact blackrock's book value or certain tax items that do not impact cash flow.
see aforementioned discussion regarding operating income, as adjusted, and operating margin, as adjusted, for information on the pnc ltip funding obligation and the restructuring charge.
for each period presented, the non-gaap adjustment related to the restructuring charge and pnc ltip funding obligation was tax effected at the respective blended rates applicable to the adjustments. amounts for income tax matters represent net noncash (benefits) expense primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred tax liabilities related to intangible assets and goodwill.  amounts have been excluded from the as adjusted results as these items will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
per share amounts reflect net income attributable to blackrock, as adjusted divided by diluted weighted average common shares outstanding.
(4) nonvoting participating preferred stock is considered to be a common stock equivalent for purposes of determining basic and diluted earnings per share calculations.
35
assets under management aum for reporting purposes generally is based upon how investment advisory and administration fees are calculated for each portfolio. net asset values, total assets, committed assets or other measures may be used to determine portfolio aum.
aum and net inflows (outflows) by client type aum                                                                net inflows (outflows)

(in millions)         2016                       2015                       2014                    2016                      2015                       2014
retail                             $541,952                   $541,125                   $534,329       $(11,324          )               $38,512                    $54,944
ishares                           1,287,879                  1,092,561                  1,024,228              140,479                    129,852                    100,601
institutional:
active                            1,009,974                    962,852                    959,160               17,918                     26,746                    (10,420   )
index                             1,901,681                  1,738,777                  1,816,124               33,491                    (43,096    )                36,128
total institutional               2,911,655                  2,701,629                  2,775,284               51,409                    (16,350    )                25,708
long-term                         4,741,486                  4,335,315                  4,333,841              180,564                    152,014                    181,253
cash management                     403,584                    299,884                    296,353               29,228                      7,510                     25,696
advisory(1)                           2,782                     10,213                     21,701               (7,601    )                (9,629    )               (13,173   )
total                            $5,147,852                 $4,645,412                 $4,651,895       $202,191                         $149,895                   $193,776
aum and net inflows (outflows) by product type aum                                                                net inflows (outflows)

(in millions)                 2016                       2015                       2014                    2016                      2015                       2014
equity                                   $2,657,176                 $2,423,772                 $2,451,111              $51,424                    $52,778                    $52,420
fixed income                              1,572,365                  1,422,368                  1,393,653              119,955                     76,944                     96,406
multi-asset                                 395,007                    376,336                    377,837                4,227                     17,167                     28,905
alternatives core                                         88,630                     92,085                     88,006               (1,165    )                 4,080                      3,061
currency and commodities(2)                  28,308                     20,754                     23,234                6,123                      1,045                        461
subtotal                                    116,938                    112,839                    111,240                4,958                      5,125                      3,522
long-term                                 4,741,486                  4,335,315                  4,333,841              180,564                    152,014                    181,253
cash management                             403,584                    299,884                    296,353               29,228                      7,510                     25,696
advisory(1)                                   2,782                     10,213                     21,701               (7,601    )                (9,629    )               (13,173   )
total                                    $5,147,852                 $4,645,412                 $4,651,895             $202,191                   $149,895                   $193,776
aum and net inflows (outflows) by investment style aum                                                                net inflows (outflows)

(in millions)       2016                       2015                       2014                    2016                      2015                       2014
active                         $1,501,052                 $1,462,672                 $1,453,613       $(774             )               $60,510                    $34,408
index and ishares               3,240,434                  2,872,643                  2,880,228              181,338                     91,504                    146,845
long-term                       4,741,486                  4,335,315                  4,333,841              180,564                    152,014                    181,253
cash management                   403,584                    299,884                    296,353               29,228                      7,510                     25,696
advisory(1)                         2,782                     10,213                     21,701               (7,601    )                (9,629    )               (13,173   )
total                          $5,147,852                 $4,645,412                 $4,651,895       $202,191                         $149,895                   $193,776
(1)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

(2)   amounts include commodity ishares.

the following table presents the component changes in blackrock's aum for 2016, 2015 and 2014.
(in millions)                   2016                       2015                       2014

beginning aum                            $4,645,412                 $4,651,895                 $4,324,088
net inflows (outflows)
long-term                                   180,564                    152,014                    181,253
cash management                              29,228                      7,510                     25,696
advisory(1)                                  (7,601   )                 (9,629   )                (13,173   )
total net inflows (outflows)                202,191                    149,895                    193,776
acquisitions(2)                              80,635                      2,219                          -
market change                               326,364                    (57,495   )                261,682
fx impact(3)                               (106,750   )               (101,102   )               (127,651   )
total change                                502,440                     (6,483   )                327,807
ending aum                               $5,147,852                 $4,645,412                 $4,651,895
(1)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

(2)   amount for 2016 represents $80.6 billion of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction in april 2016. amounts for 2015 represent $1.3 billion of aum acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of bkca in march 2015, $560 million of aum acquired in the infraestructura institucional acquisition in october 2015 and $366 million of aum acquired in the futureadvisor acquisition in october 2015. the futureadvisor acquisition amount does not include aum that was held in ishares holdings.

(3)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.

36
blackrock has historically grown aum through organic growth and acquisitions. management believes that the company will be able to continue to grow aum organically by focusing on strong investment performance, efficient delivery of beta for index products, client service, developing new products and optimizing distribution capabilities.
component changes in aum for 2016
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2016.
(in millions)           december 31,            net               acquisition(1)        market                  fx                december 31,          full year
2015              inflows                                   change              impact(2)                 2016               average
(outflows)                                                                                                   aum(3)

retail:
equity                             $193,755           $(7,429   )   $-                         $15,456       $(5,561           )             $196,221            $192,311
fixed income                        212,653             8,407                 -                  3,130                (1,934   )              222,256             221,797
multi-asset                         115,307            (9,367   )             -                  3,100                (1,043   )              107,997             111,416
alternatives                         19,410            (2,935   )             -                   (835   )              (162   )               15,478              17,424
retail subtotal                     541,125           (11,324   )             -                 20,851                (8,700   )              541,952             542,948
ishares:
equity                              823,156            74,914                 -                 56,469                (3,287   )              951,252             849,017
fixed income                        254,190            59,913                 -                  3,782                (3,178   )              314,707             301,061
multi-asset                           2,730               354                 -                     61       4                                  3,149               2,448
alternatives                         12,485             5,298                 -                  1,055                   (67   )               18,771              18,561
ishares subtotal                  1,092,561           140,479                 -                 61,367                (6,528   )            1,287,879           1,171,087
institutional:
active:
equity                              121,442            (7,449   )             -                 11,112                (4,406   )              120,699             119,604
fixed income                        514,428            10,234                 -                 20,242                (8,177   )              536,727             542,332
multi-asset                         252,041            13,322                 -                 18,516                (6,946   )              276,933             265,652
alternatives                         74,941             1,811                 -                    619                (1,756   )               75,615              74,919
active subtotal                     962,852            17,918                 -                 50,489               (21,285   )            1,009,974           1,002,507
index:
equity                            1,285,419            (8,612   )             -                135,997               (23,800   )            1,389,004           1,307,812
fixed income                        441,097            41,401                 -                 55,665               (39,488   )              498,675             478,444
multi-asset                           6,258               (82   )             -                    843                   (91   )                6,928               7,464
alternatives                          6,003               784                 -                    790                  (503   )                7,074               6,642
index subtotal                    1,738,777            33,491                 -                193,295               (63,882   )            1,901,681           1,800,362
institutional subtotal            2,701,629            51,409                 -                243,784               (85,167   )            2,911,655           2,802,869
long-term                         4,335,315           180,564                 -                326,002              (100,395   )            4,741,486           4,516,904
cash management                     299,884            29,228                 80,635               430                (6,593   )              403,584             358,498
advisory(4)                          10,213            (7,601   )             -                    (68   )   238                                2,782               9,687
total                            $4,645,412          $202,191       $80,635                   $326,364       $(106,750         )           $5,147,852          $4,885,089
(1)  amount represents aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction in april 2016.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.

(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2016.
(in millions)             december 31,            net               acquisition(1)        market                  fx                december 31,          full year
2015              inflows                                   change              impact(2)                 2016               average
(outflows)                                                                                                   aum(3)

equity:
active                                  $281,319   $(20,230          )   $-                         $21,045       $(7,101           )             $275,033            $275,656
ishares                                  823,156            74,914                 -                 56,469                (3,287   )              951,252             849,017
non-etf index                          1,319,297            (3,260   )             -                141,520               (26,666   )            1,430,891           1,344,071
equity subtotal                        2,423,772            51,424                 -                219,034               (37,054   )            2,657,176           2,468,744
fixed income:
active                                   719,653            16,625                 -                 22,742                (9,024   )              749,996             756,110
ishares                                  254,190            59,913                 -                  3,782                (3,178   )              314,707             301,061
non-etf index                            448,525            43,417                 -                 56,295               (40,575   )              507,662             486,463
fixed income subtotal                  1,422,368           119,955                 -                 82,819               (52,777   )            1,572,365           1,543,634
multi-asset                              376,336             4,227                 -                 22,520                (8,076   )              395,007             386,980
alternatives:
core                                      92,085            (1,165   )             -                   (291   )            (1,999   )               88,630              90,028
currency and commodities(4)               20,754             6,123                 -                  1,920                  (489   )               28,308              27,518
alternatives subtotal                    112,839             4,958                 -                  1,629                (2,488   )              116,938             117,546
long-term                              4,335,315           180,564                 -                326,002              (100,395   )            4,741,486           4,516,904
cash management                          299,884            29,228                 80,635               430                (6,593   )              403,584             358,498
advisory(5)                               10,213            (7,601   )             -                    (68   )   238                                2,782               9,687
total                                 $4,645,412   $202,191              $80,635                   $326,364       $(106,750         )           $5,147,852          $4,885,089
37
(1) amount represents aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction in april 2016.
(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.

(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(4)   amounts include commodity ishares.

(5)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style for 2016.
(in millions)        december 31,            net               acquisition(1)        market                  fx                december 31,          full year
2015              inflows                                   change              impact(2)                 2016               average
(outflows)                                                                                                   aum(3)

active                      $1,462,672   $(774             )   $-                         $65,187       $(26,033          )           $1,501,052          $1,501,176
index and ishares            2,872,643           181,338                 -                260,815               (74,362   )            3,240,434           3,015,728
long-term                    4,335,315           180,564                 -                326,002              (100,395   )            4,741,486           4,516,904
cash management                299,884            29,228                 80,635               430                (6,593   )              403,584             358,498
advisory(4)                     10,213            (7,601   )             -                    (68   )   238                                2,782               9,687
total                       $4,645,412   $202,191              $80,635                   $326,364       $(106,750         )           $5,147,852          $4,885,089
(1)  amount represents aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction in april 2016.
(2)  foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

aum increased $502.4 billion to $5.1 trillion at december 31, 2016 from $4.6 trillion at december 31, 2015 driven by net market appreciation, positive net inflows and aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange movements.
net market appreciation of $326.4 billion was driven by $219.0 billion from equity products, $82.8 billion from fixed income products and $22.5 billion from multi-asset products across the majority of strategies.
aum decreased $106.8 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily resulting from the strengthening of the u.s. dollar, largely against the british pound and the euro.
for further discussion on aum, see "part i, item 1 - business - assets under management".
component changes in aum for 2015
the following table presents the component changes in aum by client type and product type for 2015.
(in millions)           december 31,            net              acquisitions(1)        market                 fx                december 31,          full year
2014              inflows                                   change             impact(2)                 2015               average
(outflows)                                                                                                  aum(3)

retail:
equity                             $200,445            $8,543                      $-         $(10,040   )   $(5,193          )             $193,755            $199,474
fixed income                        189,820            31,114                       -           (5,691   )           (2,590   )              212,653             205,919
multi-asset                         125,341            (1,307   )                 366           (8,108   )             (985   )              115,307             125,019
alternatives                         18,723               162                   1,293             (177   )             (591   )               19,410              19,351
retail subtotal                     534,329            38,512                   1,659          (24,016   )           (9,359   )              541,125             549,763
ishares:
equity                              790,067            78,408                       -          (32,349   )          (12,970   )              823,156             810,836
fixed income                        217,671            50,309                       -           (7,508   )           (6,282   )              254,190             239,164
multi-asset                           1,773             1,074                       -              (90   )              (27   )                2,730               1,924
alternatives                         14,717                61                       -           (2,160   )             (133   )               12,485              14,268
ishares subtotal                  1,024,228           129,852                       -          (42,107   )          (19,412   )            1,092,561           1,066,192
institutional:
active:
equity                              125,143              (462   )                   -              960               (4,199   )              121,442             125,410
fixed income                        518,590             5,690                       -           (1,220   )           (8,632   )              514,428             523,536
multi-asset                         242,913            18,409                       -            1,074              (10,355   )              252,041             254,781
alternatives                         72,514             3,109                     560             (175   )           (1,067   )               74,941              73,683
active subtotal                     959,160            26,746                     560              639              (24,253   )              962,852             977,410
index:
equity                            1,335,456           (33,711   )                   -            6,157              (22,483   )            1,285,419           1,333,159
fixed income                        467,572           (10,169   )                   -            2,317              (18,623   )              441,097             466,494
multi-asset                           7,810            (1,009   )                   -             (289   )             (254   )                6,258               7,305
alternatives                          5,286             1,793                       -             (924   )             (152   )                6,003               5,907
index subtotal                    1,816,124           (43,096   )                   -            7,261              (41,512   )            1,738,777           1,812,865
institutional subtotal            2,775,284           (16,350   )                 560            7,900              (65,765   )            2,701,629           2,790,275
long-term                         4,333,841           152,014                   2,219          (58,223   )          (94,536   )            4,335,315           4,406,230
cash management                     296,353             7,510                       -              267               (4,246   )              299,884             284,969
advisory(4)                          21,701            (9,629   )                   -              461               (2,320   )               10,213              14,399
total                            $4,651,895          $149,895                  $2,219         $(57,495   )   $(101,102        )           $4,645,412          $4,705,598
38
(1)   amounts represent $1.3 billion of aum acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of bkca in march 2015, $560 million of aum acquired in the infraestructura institucional acquisition in october 2015 and $366 million of aum acquired in the futureadvisor acquisition in october 2015. the futureadvisor acquisition amount does not include aum that was held in ishares holdings.

(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.

(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

the following table presents component changes in aum by product type for 2015.
(in millions)             december 31,            net              acquisitions(1)        market                 fx                december 31,          full year
2014              inflows                                   change             impact(2)                 2015               average
(outflows)                                                                                                  aum(3)

equity:
active                                  $292,802            $4,210       $-                  $(7,738          )   $(7,955          )             $281,319            $292,204
ishares                                  790,067            78,408                 -                (32,349   )          (12,970   )              823,156             810,836
non-etf index                          1,368,242           (29,840   )             -                  4,815              (23,920   )            1,319,297           1,365,839
equity subtotal                        2,451,111            52,778                 -                (35,272   )          (44,845   )            2,423,772           2,468,879
fixed income:
active                                   701,324            35,928                 -                 (6,907   )          (10,692   )              719,653             722,023
ishares                                  217,671            50,309                 -                 (7,508   )           (6,282   )              254,190             239,164
non-etf index                            474,658            (9,293   )             -                  2,313              (19,153   )              448,525             473,926
fixed income subtotal                  1,393,653            76,944                 -                (12,102   )          (36,127   )            1,422,368           1,435,113
multi-asset                              377,837            17,167       366                         (7,413   )          (11,621   )              376,336             389,029
alternatives:
core                                      88,006             4,080                 1,853               (213   )           (1,641   )               92,085              90,077
currency and commodities(4)               23,234             1,045                 -                 (3,223   )             (302   )               20,754              23,132
alternatives subtotal                    111,240             5,125                 1,853             (3,436   )           (1,943   )              112,839             113,209
long-term                              4,333,841           152,014                 2,219            (58,223   )          (94,536   )            4,335,315           4,406,230
cash management                          296,353             7,510                 -         267                          (4,246   )              299,884             284,969
advisory(5)                               21,701            (9,629   )             -         461                          (2,320   )               10,213              14,399
total                                 $4,651,895          $149,895       $2,219              $(57,495         )   $(101,102        )           $4,645,412          $4,705,598
(1)   amounts represent $1.3 billion of aum acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of bkca in march 2015, $560 million of aum acquired in the infraestructura institucional acquisition in october 2015 and $366 million of aum acquired in the futureadvisor acquisition in october 2015. the futureadvisor acquisition amount does not include aum that was held in ishares holdings.

(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.

(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(4)   amounts include commodity ishares.

(5)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

the following table presents component changes in aum by investment style for 2015.
(in millions)        december 31,            net              acquisitions(1)        market                 fx                december 31,          full year
2014              inflows                                   change             impact(2)                 2015               average
(outflows)                                                                                                  aum(3)

active                      $1,453,613           $60,510                  $2,219   $(22,026         )   $(31,644         )           $1,462,672          $1,487,060
index and ishares            2,880,228            91,504                       -          (36,197   )          (62,892   )            2,872,643           2,919,170
long-term                    4,333,841           152,014                   2,219          (58,223   )          (94,536   )            4,335,315           4,406,230
cash management                296,353             7,510                       -   267                          (4,246   )              299,884             284,969
advisory(4)                     21,701            (9,629   )                   -   461                          (2,320   )               10,213              14,399
total                       $4,651,895          $149,895                  $2,219   $(57,495         )   $(101,102        )           $4,645,412          $4,705,598
(1)   amounts represent $1.3 billion of aum acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of bkca in march 2015, $560 million of aum acquired in the infraestructura institucional acquisition in october 2015 and $366 million of aum acquired in the futureadvisor acquisition in october 2015. the futureadvisor acquisition amount does not include aum that was held in ishares holdings.

(2)   foreign exchange reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.

(3)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

(4)   advisory aum represents long-term portfolio liquidation assignments.

aum decreased $6.5 billion to $4.645 trillion at december 31, 2015 from $4.652 trillion at december 31, 2014 driven largely by foreign exchange movements and net market depreciation that more than offset organic growth.
net market depreciation of $57.5 billion was driven by $35.3 billion from equity products due to lower u.s. and global equity markets and $12.1 billion from fixed income products.
aum decreased $101.1 billion due to the impact of foreign exchange movements, primarily resulting from the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the euro, the british pound and the canadian dollar.
discussion of financial results introduction blackrock derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees, which are recognized as the services are performed. such fees are primarily based on predetermined percentages of the market value of aum or percentages of committed capital during investment periods of certain alternative products and are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. net inflows or outflows represent the sum of new client assets, additional fundings
39
from existing clients (including dividend reinvestment), withdrawals of assets from, and termination of, client accounts and distributions to investors representing return of capital and return on investments to investors. market appreciation or depreciation includes current income earned on, and changes in the fair value of, securities held in client accounts. foreign exchange translation reflects the impact of translating non-u.s. dollar denominated aum into u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
blackrock also earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. the securities loaned are secured by collateral in the form of cash or securities, with minimum collateral generally ranging from approximately 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between blackrock and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed. historically, securities lending revenue in the second quarter exceeds revenue in the other quarters during the year driven by higher seasonal demand.
investment advisory agreements for certain separate accounts and investment funds provide for performance fees based upon relative and/or absolute investment performance, in addition to base fees based on aum. investment advisory performance fees generally are earned after a given period of time and when investment performance exceeds a contractual threshold. as such, the timing of recognition of performance fees may increase the volatility of blackrock's revenue and earnings. the magnitude of performance fees can fluctuate quarterly due to the timing of carried interest recognition on alternative products; however, the third and fourth quarters have a greater number of nonalternative products with performance measurement periods that end on either september 30 or december 31.
blackrock provides a variety of risk management, investment analytic and investment system and advisory services to financial institutions, pension funds, asset managers, foundations, consultants, mutual fund sponsors, real estate investment trusts, government agencies and retail intermediaries. these services are provided under the brand name blackrock solutions and include a wide array of risk management services, valuation services related to illiquid securities, disposition and workout assignments (including long-term portfolio liquidation assignments), strategic planning and execution, enterprise investment system outsourcing and wealth management technology services to clients. the company's aladdin operating platform serves as the investment/risk solutions system for blackrock and other institutional investors. fees earned for blackrock solutions and advisory services are determined using some, or all, of the following methods: (i) percentages of various attributes of advisory aum or value of positions on the aladdin platform, (ii) fixed-rate fees and (iii) fees billed on a time and materials basis.
blackrock builds upon its leadership position to meet the growing need for investment and risk management solutions. through its scale and diversity of products, it is able to provide its clients with customized solutions including fiduciary outsourcing for liability-driven investments and overlay strategies for pension plan sponsors, balance sheet management and related services for insurance companies and target date and target return funds, as well as asset allocation portfolios, for retail investors. blackrock is also able to service these clients via its aladdin platform to provide risk management and other outsourcing services for institutional investors and custom and tailored solutions to address complex risk exposures.
the company earns fees for transition management services primarily comprised of commissions from acting as a broker-dealer in connection with buying and selling securities on behalf of its customers. commissions related to transition management services are recorded on a trade-date basis as securities transactions occur.
the company also earns revenue related to certain strategic investments accounted for as equity method investments.
operating expense reflects employee compensation and benefits, distribution and servicing costs, amortization of deferred sales commissions, direct fund expense, general and administration expense and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets.
•   employee compensation and benefits expense includes salaries, commissions, temporary help, deferred and incentive compensation, employer payroll taxes, severance and related benefit costs.

•   distribution and servicing costs, which are primarily aum driven, include payments made to third parties, primarily associated with obtaining and retaining client investments in certain blackrock products.

•   direct fund expense primarily consists of third-party nonadvisory expense incurred by blackrock related to certain funds for the use of index trademarks, reference data for indices, custodial services, fund administration, fund accounting, transfer agent services, shareholder reporting services, legal expense, and audit and tax services as well as other fund-related expense directly attributable to the nonadvisory operations of the fund. these expenses may vary over time with fluctuations in aum, number of shareholder accounts, or other attributes directly related to volume of business.

general and administration expense includes marketing and promotional, occupancy and office-related costs, portfolio services (including clearing expense related to transition management services), technology, professional services, communications, product launch costs and other general and administration expense, including the impact of foreign currency remeasurement. foreign currency remeasurement (gains) losses were $(6) million, $(8) million and $(11) million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
approximately 75% of the company's revenue is generated in u.s. dollars. the company's revenue and expense generated in foreign currencies (primarily the euro and british pound) are impacted by foreign exchange rates. any effect of foreign exchange rate change on revenue is partially offset by a change in expense driven by the company's considerable non-dollar expense base related to its operations outside the united states.
nonoperating income (expense) includes the effect of changes in the valuations on investments (excluding available-for-sale investments) and earnings on equity method investments as well as interest and dividend income and interest expense. other comprehensive income includes changes in valuations related to available-for-sale investments. blackrock primarily holds seed and co-investments in sponsored investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including private equity, hedge funds and real assets. investments generally are made for co-investment purposes, to establish a performance track record or for regulatory purposes, including federal reserve bank stock. blackrock does not engage in proprietary trading activities that could conflict with the interests of its clients.
in addition, nonoperating income (expense) includes the impact of changes in the valuations of consolidated sponsored investment funds. the portion of nonoperating income (expense) not attributable to blackrock is allocated to nci on the consolidated statements of income.
40
revenue the following table presents the company's revenue for 2016, 2015 and 2014.
(in millions)                                       2016              2015              2014

investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue:
equity:
active                                                                              $1,591            $1,709            $1,844
ishares                                                                              2,651             2,751             2,705
non-etf index                                                                          674               680               677
equity subtotal                                                                      4,916             5,140             5,226
fixed income:
active                                                                               1,658             1,566             1,396
ishares                                                                                696               554               484
non-etf index                                                                          297               282               260
fixed income subtotal                                                                2,651             2,402             2,140
multi-asset                                                                          1,138             1,253             1,204
alternatives:
core                                                                                   634               653               638
currency and commodities                                                                83                73                89
alternatives subtotal                                                                  717               726               727
long-term                                                                            9,422             9,521             9,297
cash management                                                                        458               319               292
total base fees                                                                      9,880             9,840             9,589
investment advisory performance fees:
equity                                                                                 102               205               111
fixed income                                                                            13                26                31
multi-asset                                                                             19                34                32
alternatives                                                                           161               356               376
total performance fees                                                                 295               621               550
blackrock solutions and advisory                                                       714               646               635
distribution fees                                                                       41                55                70
other revenue                                                                          225               239               237
total revenue                                                                      $11,155           $11,401           $11,081
the table below lists the asset type mix of investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue (collectively "base fees") and mix of average aum by product type:
mix of base fees                                mix of average aum by asset class(1)

2016            2015            2014            2016                  2015                    2014
equity:
active                                16   %          17   %          18   %               6     %                 6     %                 7   %
ishares                               27   %          28   %          28   %              17     %                17     %                17   %
non-etf index                          7   %           7   %           7   %              27     %                30     %                30   %
equity subtotal                       50   %          52   %          53   %              50     %                53     %                54   %
fixed income:
active                                17   %          15   %          15   %              16     %                16     %                15   %
ishares                                7   %           6   %           5   %               6     %                 5     %                 4   %
non-etf index                          3   %           3   %           3   %              10     %                10     %                10   %
fixed income subtotal                 27   %          24   %          23   %              32     %                31     %                29   %
multi-asset                           11   %          13   %          13   %               8     %                 8     %                 8   %
alternatives:
core                                   6   %           7   %           7   %               2     %                 2     %                 2   %
currency and commodities               1   %           1   %           1   %               1     %                 -     %                 1   %
alternatives subtotal                  7   %           8   %           8   %               3     %                 2     %                 3   %
long-term                             95   %          97   %          97   %              93     %                94     %                94   %
cash management                        5   %           3   %           3   %               7     %                 6     %                 6   %
total excluding advisory aum         100   %         100   %         100   %             100     %               100     %               100   %
(1)   average aum is calculated as the average of the month-end spot aum amounts for the trailing thirteen months.

41
2016 compared with 2015
revenue decreased $246 million, or 2%, from 2015, driven by lower performance fees, partially offset by higher blackrock solutions and advisory revenue.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $9,880 million for 2016 increased $40 million from $9,840 million in 2015 reflecting the impact of organic growth and higher markets on average aum, the effect of aum acquired in the bofa global capital management transaction and lower yield-related fee waivers on certain money market funds, partially offset by the impact of divergent beta and mix shift, and the impact of foreign exchange movements.  securities lending revenue increased $66 million from 2015 to $579 million in 2016, primarily reflecting an increase in average balances of securities on loan and higher spreads.
investment advisory performance fees were $295 million in 2016 compared with $621 million in 2015. the decrease was primarily driven by lower fees from equity and alternative products, including the impact of the strong performance from a single hedge fund with an annual performance measurement period that ended in the third quarter of 2015.
blackrock solutions and advisory revenue in 2016 totaled $714 million compared with $646 million in 2015. the current year reflected higher revenue from aladdin mandates. blackrock solutions and advisory revenue included $595 million in aladdin revenue compared with $528 million in 2015.
2015 compared with 2014
revenue increased $320 million, or 3%, from 2014, driven by higher base fees and growth in performance fees.
investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue of $9,840 million for 2015 increased $251 million from $9,589 million in 2014 primarily driven by organic growth, despite the impact of foreign exchange and market volatility. securities lending revenue increased $36 million from 2014 to $513 million in 2015, reflecting an increase in average balances of securities on loan.
investment advisory performance fees were $621 million in 2015 compared with $550 million in 2014. the increase from 2014 reflected higher fees from equity products and strong performance from a single hedge fund. investment advisory performance fees in 2014 reflected a large fee associated with the liquidation of a closed-end mortgage fund.
blackrock solutions and advisory revenue in 2015 totaled $646 million compared with $635 million in 2014. the increase from 2014 reflected higher revenue from aladdin mandates and lower revenue from disposition-related advisory assignments. blackrock solutions and advisory revenue included $528 million in aladdin revenue compared with $474 million in 2014.
42
expense the following table presents the company's expense for 2016, 2015 and 2014.
(in millions)                                      2016              2015              2014

expense, gaap:
employee compensation and benefits                                                 $3,880            $4,005            $3,829
distribution and servicing costs                                                      429               409               364
amortization of deferred sales commissions                                             34                48                56
direct fund expense                                                                   766               767               748
general and administration:
marketing and promotional                                                             325               365               413
occupancy and office related                                                          272               280               267
portfolio services                                                                    234               221               215
technology                                                                            175               170               164
professional services                                                                 114               120               126
communications                                                                         38                37                39
regulatory, filing and license fees                                                    21                24                36
product launch costs and commissions                                                    -                 4                10
reduction of indemnification asset                                                      -                 -                50
other general and administration                                                      122               159               133
total general and administration expense                                            1,301             1,380             1,453
restructuring charge                                                                   76                 -                 -
amortization of intangible assets                                                      99               128               157
total expense, gaap                                                                $6,585            $6,737            $6,607
less non-gaap expense adjustments (1):
employee compensation and benefits:
pnc ltip funding obligation                                                           $28               $30               $32
compensation expense related to appreciation (depreciation) on deferred                 -                 1                 7
compensation plans subtotal                                                                               28                31                39
general and administration:
reduction of indemnification asset                                                      -                 -                50
restructuring charge                                                                   76                 -                 -
total non-gaap expense adjustments                                                    104                31                89
expense, as adjusted:
employee compensation and benefits                                                 $3,852            $3,974            $3,790
distribution and servicing costs                                                      429               409               364
amortization of deferred sales commissions                                             34                48                56
direct fund expense                                                                   766               767               748
general and administration                                                          1,301             1,380             1,403
amortization of intangible assets                                                      99               128               157
total expense, as adjusted                                                         $6,481            $6,706            $6,518
(1)   see non-gaap financial measures for further information on non-gaap expense adjustments.

2016 compared with 2015
gaap. expense decreased $152 million, or 2%, from 2015, reflecting lower compensation and benefits expense, expense discipline and lower amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by a restructuring charge recorded in 2016.
employee compensation and benefits expense decreased $125 million, or 3%, to $3,880 million in 2016 from $4,005 million in 2015, reflecting lower incentive compensation, primarily driven by lower performance fees.
distribution and servicing costs totaled $429 million in 2016 compared with $409 million in 2015.
general and administration expense decreased $79 million from 2015, reflecting expense discipline and the impact of higher transaction-related expense recorded in 2015.
restructuring charge of $76 million, primarily comprised of severance and accelerated amortization expense of previously granted deferred compensation awards, was recorded in 2016 in connection with a project to streamline and simplify the organization.
amortization of intangible assets expense decreased $29 million, or 23%, to $99 million in 2016 from $128 million in 2015, primarily reflecting certain finite-lived intangible assets becoming fully amortized.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, decreased $225 million, or 3%, to $6,481 million in 2016 from $6,706 million in 2015. the decrease in total expense, as adjusted, is primarily attributable to lower employee compensation and benefits expense, expense discipline and lower amortization of intangible assets.  the restructuring charge has been excluded from the as adjusted results.
2015 compared with 2014
gaap. expense increased $130 million, or 2%, from 2014, primarily reflecting higher revenue-related expense, including compensation and benefits expense, and distribution and servicing costs, partially offset by lower general and administration expense and amortization of intangible assets. expense for 2014 included an expense related to a $50 million reduction of an indemnification asset.
43
employee compensation and benefits expense increased $176 million, or 5%, to $4,005 million in 2015 from $3,829 million in 2014, reflecting higher headcount, and higher incentive and deferred compensation, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange movements. employees at december 31, 2015 totaled approximately 13,000 compared with approximately 12,200 at december 31, 2014.
distribution and servicing costs totaled $409 million in 2015 compared with $364 million in 2014.
general and administration expense decreased $73 million from 2014, primarily reflecting the previously mentioned $50 million reduction of an indemnification asset, lower marketing and promotional expense, and lower legal and regulatory expense, partially offset by the impact of transaction-related expense.
amortization of intangible assets expense decreased $29 million, or 18%, to $128 million in 2015 from $157 million in 2014, reflecting certain finite-lived intangible assets becoming fully amortized.
as adjusted. expense, as adjusted, increased $188 million, or 3%, to $6,706 million in 2015 from $6,518 million in 2014. the increase in total expense, as adjusted, is primarily attributable to higher revenue-related expense, including compensation and benefits expense and distribution and servicing costs, partially offset by lower amortization of intangible assets and lower general and administration expense. amounts related to the reduction of the indemnification asset in 2014 have been excluded from as adjusted results.
nonoperating results nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2016, 2015 and 2014 was as follows:
(in millions)                                            2016               2015               2014

nonoperating income (expense), gaap basis(1)                                               $(110       )       $(62       )       $(79       )
less: net income (loss) attributable to nci                                                     (2     )       7                       (30   )
nonoperating income (expense)(2)                                                                (108   )            (69   )            (49   )
compensation expense related to (appreciation) depreciation on deferred compensation            -                    (1   )             (7   )
plans nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted(2)                                              $(108       )       $(70       )       $(56       )
(1)   amounts included a gain of $16 million, a gain of $58 million and a loss of $41 million attributable to consolidated variable interest entities ("vies") for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

(2)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci.

the components of nonoperating income (expense), less net income (loss) attributable to nci for 2016, 2015 and 2014 were as follows:
(in millions)                                            2016                2015                2014

net gain (loss) on investments(1)
private equity                                                                                    $6                 $71                 $69
real assets                                                                                        8                  12                  16
other alternatives(2)                                                                             21                  (2   )              55
other investments(3)                                                                              22                 (18   )              14
subtotal                                                                                          57                  63                 154
other gains(4)                                                                                     -                  46                   -
total net gain (loss) on investments(1)                                                           57                 109                 154
interest and dividend income                                                                      40                  26                  29
interest expense                                                                                (205   )            (204   )            (232   )
net interest expense                                                                            (165   )            (178   )            (203   )
total nonoperating income (expense)(1)                                                          (108   )             (69   )             (49   )
compensation expense related to (appreciation) depreciation on deferred compensation               -                  (1   )              (7   )
plans nonoperating income (expense), as adjusted(1)                                                  $(108   )            $(70   )            $(56   )
(1)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci. amounts for 2016 and 2015 also include net gain (loss) on consolidated vies.

(2)   amounts primarily include net gains (losses) related to direct hedge fund strategies and hedge fund solutions. the prior year periods also included net gains related to opportunistic credit strategies.

(3)   amounts include net gains (losses) related to equity and fixed income investments, and blackrock's seed capital hedging program.

(4)   the amount for 2015 primarily includes a gain related to the acquisition of certain assets of bkca.

2016 compared with 2015
net gains on investments of $57 million in 2016 decreased $52 million from 2015 due to lower net gains in 2016. net gains on investments in 2015 included a $40 million gain related to the bkca acquisition and a $35 million unrealized gain on a private equity investment.
interest and dividend income increased $14 million from 2015 primarily due to higher dividend income in 2016.
44
2015 compared with 2014
net gains on investments of $109 million in 2015 decreased $45 million from 2014 due to lower net gains in 2015. net gains on investments in 2015 included a $40 million gain related to the bkca acquisition and a $35 million unrealized gain on a private equity investment. net gains on investments in 2014 included the positive impact of the monetization of a nonstrategic, opportunistic private equity investment.
interest expense decreased $28 million from 2014 primarily due to repayments of long-term borrowings in the fourth quarter of 2014.
income tax expense gaap                                                     as adjusted

(in millions)                                2016                 2015                2014                2016                 2015                2014
operating income(1)                                  $4,570              $4,664              $4,474               $4,674              $4,695              $4,563
total nonoperating income (expense)(1),(2)             (108   )             (69   )             (49   )             (108   )             (70   )             (56   )
income before income taxes(2)                        $4,462              $4,595              $4,425               $4,566              $4,625              $4,507
income tax expense                                   $1,290              $1,250              $1,131               $1,352              $1,312              $1,197
effective tax rate                                     28.9   %            27.2   %            25.6   %             29.6   %            28.4   %            26.6   %
(1)   see non-gaap financial measures for further information on and reconciliation of as adjusted items.

(2)   net of net income (loss) attributable to nci.

the company's tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amount of income earned in those jurisdictions, which the company expects to be fairly consistent in the near term. the significant foreign jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% include the united kingdom, channel islands, ireland and canada. u.s. income taxes were not provided for certain undistributed foreign earnings intended to be indefinitely reinvested outside the united states.
2016. income tax expense (gaap) reflected:
o   a net noncash benefit of $30 million, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities; and

o   a benefit from $65 million of nonrecurring items, including the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters.

the as adjusted effective tax rate of 29.6% for 2016 excluded the net noncash benefit of $30 million mentioned above, as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
2015. income tax expense (gaap) reflected:
o   a net noncash benefit of $54 million, primarily associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities; and

o   a benefit from $75 million of nonrecurring items, primarily due to the realization of losses from changes in the company's organizational tax structure and the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters.

the as adjusted effective tax rate of 28.4% for 2015 excluded the net noncash benefit of $54 million mentioned above, as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented.
2014. income tax expense (gaap) reflected:
o   a $94 million tax benefit, primarily due to the resolution of certain outstanding tax matters related to the acquisition of bgi, including the previously mentioned $50 million tax benefit (see executive summary for more information);

o   a $73 million net tax benefit related to several favorable nonrecurring items; and

o   a net noncash benefit of $9 million associated with the revaluation of deferred income tax liabilities.

the as adjusted effective tax rate of 26.6% for 2014 excluded the $9 million net noncash benefit as it will not have a cash flow impact and to ensure comparability among periods presented and the $50 million tax benefit mentioned above. the $50 million general and administrative expense and $50 million tax benefit have been excluded from as adjusted results as there is no impact on blackrock's book value.
balance sheet overview as adjusted balance sheet the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statement of financial condition presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statement of financial condition, excluding the impact of separate account assets and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements (directly related to lending separate account securities) and separate account liabilities and separate account collateral liabilities under securities lending agreements and consolidated sponsored investment funds, including consolidated vies.
the company presents the as adjusted balance sheet as additional information to enable investors to exclude certain assets that have equal and offsetting liabilities or noncontrolling interests that ultimately do not have an impact on stockholders' equity or cash flows. management views the as adjusted balance sheet, a non-gaap financial measure, as an economic presentation of the company's total assets and liabilities; however, it does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
45
separate account assets and liabilities and separate account collateral held under securities lending agreements separate account assets are maintained by blackrock life limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the company that is a registered life insurance company in the united kingdom, and represent segregated assets held for purposes of funding individual and group pension contracts. the company records equal and offsetting separate account liabilities. the separate account assets are not available to creditors of the company and the holders of the pension contracts have no recourse to the company's assets. the net investment income attributable to separate account assets accrues directly to the contract owners and is not reported on the company's consolidated statements of income. while blackrock has no economic interest in these assets or liabilities, blackrock earns an investment advisory fee for the service of managing these assets on behalf of its clients.
in addition, the company records on its consolidated statements of financial condition the separate account collateral received under blackrock life limited securities lending arrangements as its own asset in addition to an equal and offsetting separate account collateral liability for the obligation to return the collateral. the collateral is not available to creditors of the company, and the borrowers under the securities lending arrangements have no recourse to the company's assets.
consolidated sponsored investment funds the company consolidates certain sponsored investment funds accounted for as voting rights entities ("vres") and vies, (collectively, "consolidated sponsored investment funds"). see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on the company's consolidation policy.
the company cannot readily access cash and cash equivalents or other assets held by consolidated sponsored investment funds to use in its operating activities. in addition, the company cannot readily sell investments held by consolidated sponsored investment funds in order to obtain cash for use in the company's operations.
december 31, 2016

(in millions)                                                             gaap               separate                          consolidated sponsored investment funds(2)                           as basis               account                                                                                          adjusted assets/
collateral(1)
assets cash and cash equivalents                                               $6,091               $-                                                                       $41                       $6,050
accounts receivable                                                      2,350                        -                                                                 -                        2,350
investments                                                              1,595                        -                                                                21                        1,574
assets of consolidated vies:                                                                          -
cash and cash equivalents                                                   84                        -                                                                84                            -
investments                                                              1,008                        -                                                               168                          840
other assets                                                                63                        -                                                                63                            -
separate account assets and collateral held under securities           176,881                        176,881                                                           -                            -
lending agreements other assets(3)                                                          1,624                        -                                                                (2   )                    1,626
subtotal                                                               189,696                        176,881                                                         375                       12,440
goodwill and intangible assets, net                                     30,481                        -                                                                 -                       30,481
total assets                                                          $220,177               $176,881                                                                $375                      $42,921
liabilities accrued compensation and benefits                                       $1,880               $-                                                                        $-                       $1,880
accounts payable and accrued liabilities                                 1,094                        -                                                                 -                        1,094
liabilities of consolidated vies                                           216                        -                                                               216                            -
borrowings                                                               4,915                        -                                                                 -                        4,915
separate account liabilities and collateral liabilities under          176,881                        176,881                                                           -                            -
securities lending agreements deferred income tax liabilities(4)                                       4,840                        -                                                                 -                        4,840
other liabilities                                                        1,007                        -                                                               (87   )                    1,094
total liabilities                                                      190,833                        176,881                                                         129                       13,823
equity total stockholders' equity                                              29,098                        -                                                                 -                       29,098
noncontrolling interests                                                   246                        -                                                               246                            -
total equity                                                            29,344                        -                                                               246                       29,098
total liabilities and equity                                          $220,177               $176,881                                                                $375                      $42,921
(1)   amounts represent segregated client assets generating advisory fees in which blackrock has no economic interest or liability.

(2)   amounts represent the portion of assets and liabilities of consolidated sponsored investment funds attributable to nci.

(3)   amounts include property and equipment and other assets.

(4)   amount includes approximately $5.6 billion of deferred income tax liabilities related to goodwill and intangibles. see note 21, income taxes, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.

the following discussion summarizes the significant changes in assets and liabilities on a gaap basis. please see the consolidated statements of financial condition as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing. the discussion does not include changes related to assets and liabilities that are equal and offsetting and have no impact on blackrock's stockholders' equity.
assets. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2016 and 2015 included $53 million and $100 million, respectively, of cash held by consolidated vres (see liquidity and capital resources for details on the change in cash and cash equivalents during 2016).
46
accounts receivable at december 31, 2016 increased $113 million from december 31, 2015 primarily due to higher alternative products and blackrock solutions receivables and an increase in unit trust receivables (substantially offset by an increase in unit trust payables recorded within accounts payable and accrued liabilities), partially offset by lower securities lending receivables. investments were $1,595 million at december 31, 2016 (for more information see investments herein). goodwill and intangible assets decreased $14 million from december 31, 2015, primarily due to $99 million of amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by intangible assets and goodwill acquired from the bofa global capital management transaction. other assets (including property and equipment) increased $188 million from december 31, 2015, primarily related to an increase in earnings from certain strategic investments and current taxes receivable.
liabilities. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2016 decreased $91 million from december 31, 2015, primarily due to lower 2016 incentive compensation accruals. accounts payable and accrued liabilities at december 31, 2016 increased $26 million from december 31, 2015 due to higher unit trust payables (substantially offset by an increase in unit trust receivables recorded within accounts receivable).
net deferred income tax liabilities at december 31, 2016 decreased $11 million, primarily as a result of revaluation of certain deferred income tax liabilities due to the tax legislation enacted in the united kingdom and the effects of temporary differences associated with stock compensation, and unrealized investment losses.
investments and investments of consolidated vies the company's investments and investments of consolidated vies (collectively, "total investments") were $1,595 million and $1,008 million, respectively, at december 31, 2016. total investments include consolidated investments held by sponsored investment funds accounted for as vres and vies. management reviews blackrock's total investments on an "economic" basis, which eliminates the portion of total investments that does not impact blackrock's book value or net income attributable to blackrock. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with gaap.
the company presents total investments, as adjusted, to enable investors to understand the portion of total investments that is owned by the company, net of nci, as a gauge to measure the impact of changes in net nonoperating income (expense) on investments to net income (loss) attributable to blackrock.
the company further presents net "economic" investment exposure, net of deferred compensation investments and hedged investments, to reflect another gauge for investors.  the economic impact of total investments held pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements is offset by a change in compensation expense. the impact of certain investments is substantially mitigated by swap hedges. carried interest capital allocations are excluded as there is no impact to blackrock's stockholders' equity until such amounts are realized as performance fees. finally, the company's regulatory investment in federal reserve bank stock, which is not subject to market or interest rate risk, is excluded from the company's net economic investment exposure.
(in millions)                    december 31,          december 31,
2016                  2015

investments, gaap                                      $1,595                $1,578
investments held by consolidated vies, gaap             1,008                 1,030
total investments                                       2,603                 2,608
investments held by consolidated vres                    (465   )              (700   )
investments held by consolidated vies                  (1,008   )            (1,030   )
net interest in consolidated vres                         444                   616
net interest in consolidated vies(1)                      840                   733
total investments, as adjusted                          2,414                 2,227
federal reserve bank stock                                (89   )               (93   )
deferred compensation investments                         (66   )               (79   )
hedged investments                                       (614   )              (407   )
carried interest (vies/vres)                             (126   )              (100   )
total "economic" investment exposure                   $1,519                $1,548
(1)   amount includes $108 million and $81 million of carried interest (vies) as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, which has no impact on the company's "economic" investment exposure.

the following table represents the carrying value of the company's economic investment exposure, by asset type, at december 31, 2016 and 2015:
(in millions)                 december 31,      december 31,
2016              2015

private equity                                    $334              $375
real assets                                         94               104
other alternatives(1)                              245               227
other investments(2)                               846               842
total "economic" investment exposure            $1,519            $1,548
(1)   other alternatives include distressed credit/mortgage funds/opportunistic funds and hedge funds/funds of hedge funds.

(2)   other investments primarily include seed investments in fixed income, equity and multi-asset mutual funds/strategies as well as u.k. government securities, primarily held for regulatory purposes.

47
as adjusted investment activity for 2016 was as follows:
(in millions)

total investments, as adjusted, december 31, 2015                                $2,227
purchases/capital contributions                                                   1,234
sales/maturities                                                                   (976   )
distributions (1)                                                                  (134   )
market appreciation(depreciation)/earnings from equity method investments            82
carried interest capital allocations/distributions received                          26
other                                                                               (45   )
total investments, as adjusted, december 31, 2016                                $2,414
(1)   amount includes distributions representing return of capital and return on investments.

liquidity and capital resources blackrock cash flows excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds the consolidated statements of cash flows include the cash flows of the consolidated sponsored investment funds. the company uses an adjusted cash flow statement, which excludes the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, as a supplemental non-gaap measure to assess liquidity and capital requirements. the company believes that its cash flows, excluding the impact of the consolidated sponsored investment funds, provide investors with useful information on the cash flows of blackrock relating to its ability to fund additional operating, investing and financing activities. blackrock's management does not advocate that investors consider such non-gaap measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, its cash flows presented in accordance with gaap.
the following table presents a reconciliation of the consolidated statements of cash flows presented on a gaap basis to the consolidated statements of cash flows, excluding the impact of the cash flows of consolidated sponsored investment funds:
(in millions)                               gaap                     impact on                           cash flows basis                     cash flows                          excluding of consolidated                        impact of sponsored investment funds                 consolidated sponsored investment funds

cash and cash equivalents, december 31, 2014                         $5,723                                $120                              $5,603
cash flows from operating activities                                  3,004                                (348   )                           3,352
cash flows from investing activities                                   (465   )                            (156   )                            (309   )
cash flows from financing activities                                 (2,064   )                             484                              (2,548   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           (115   )                               -                                (115   )
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                 360                                 (20   )                             380
cash and cash equivalents, december 31, 2015                         $6,083                                $100                              $5,983
cash flows from operating activities                                  2,154                              (1,063   )                           3,217
cash flows from investing activities                                   (188   )                            (130   )                             (58   )
cash flows from financing activities                                 (1,685   )                           1,146                              (2,831   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           (273   )                               -                                (273   )
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                   8                                 (47   )                              55
cash and cash equivalents, december 31, 2016                         $6,091                                 $53                              $6,038
sources of blackrock's operating cash primarily include investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue, performance fees, revenue from blackrock solutions and advisory products and services, other revenue and distribution fees. blackrock uses its cash to pay all operating expense, interest and principal on borrowings, income taxes, dividends on blackrock's capital stock, repurchases of the company's stock, capital expenditures and purchases of co-investments and seed investments.
for details of the company's gaap cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, see the consolidated statements of cash flows contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
cash flows from operating activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, primarily include the receipt of investment advisory and administration fees, securities lending revenue and performance fees offset by the payment of operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business, including year-end incentive compensation accrued for in the prior year.
cash outflows from investing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, for 2016 were $58 million and primarily reflected $384 million of investment purchases, $119 million of purchases of property and equipment and $30 million related to an acquisition, partially offset by $441 million of net proceeds from sales and maturities of certain investments.
cash outflows from financing activities, excluding the impact of consolidated sponsored investment funds, for 2016 were $2,831 million, primarily resulting from $1.4 billion of share repurchases, including $1.1 billion in open market-transactions and $274 million of employee tax withholdings related to employee stock transactions and $1.5 billion of cash dividend payments, partially offset by $82 million of excess tax benefits from vested stock-based compensation awards.
48
the company manages its financial condition and funding to maintain appropriate liquidity for the business. liquidity resources at december 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows:
(in millions)                          december 31,          december 31,
2016                  2015

cash and cash equivalents(1)                                      $6,091                $6,083
cash and cash equivalents held by consolidated vres(2)               (53   )              (100   )
subtotal                                                           6,038                 5,983
credit facility - undrawn                                          4,000                 4,000
total liquidity resources(3)                                     $10,038                $9,983
(1)   the percentage of cash and cash equivalents held by the company's u.s. subsidiaries was approximately 50% at both december 31, 2016 and 2015. see net capital requirements herein for more information on net capital requirements in certain regulated subsidiaries.

(2)   the company cannot readily access such cash to use in its operating activities.

(3)   amounts do not reflect year-end incentive compensation accruals of approximately $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion for 2016 and 2015, respectively, which were paid in the first quarter of the following year.

total liquidity resources increased $55 million during 2016, primarily reflecting cash flows from operating activities, partially offset by cash payments of 2015 year-end incentive awards, share repurchases of $1.4 billion and cash dividend payments of $1.5 billion.
a significant portion of the company's $2,414 million of total investments, as adjusted, is illiquid in nature and, as such, cannot be readily convertible to cash.
share repurchases. the company repurchased 3.3 million common shares in open market-transactions under its share repurchase program for $1.1 billion during 2016.
at december 31, 2016, there were 3 million shares still authorized to be repurchased.
in january 2017, the board of directors approved an increase in the shares that may be repurchased under the company's existing share repurchase program to allow for the repurchase of an additional 6 million shares for a total up to 9 million shares of blackrock common stock.
net capital requirements. the company is required to maintain net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries within a number of jurisdictions, which is partially maintained by retaining cash and cash equivalent investments in those subsidiaries or jurisdictions. as a result, such subsidiaries of the company may be restricted in their ability to transfer cash between different jurisdictions and to their parents. additionally, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions, including repatriation to the united states, may have adverse tax consequences that could discourage such transfers.
blackrock institutional trust company, n.a. ("btc") is chartered as a national bank that does not accept client deposits and whose powers are limited to trust and other fiduciary activities. btc provides investment management services, including investment advisory and securities lending agency services, to institutional investors and other clients. btc is subject to regulatory capital and liquid asset requirements administered by the office of the comptroller of the currency.
at december 31, 2016 and 2015, the company was required to maintain approximately $1.4 billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, in net capital in certain regulated subsidiaries, including btc, entities regulated by the financial conduct authority and prudential regulation authority in the united kingdom, and the company's broker-dealers. the company was in compliance with all applicable regulatory net capital requirements.
undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2016, the company has not provided for u.s. federal and state income taxes on approximately $5.3 billion of undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. such earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the united states. the company's current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these funds.
short-term borrowings
2016 revolving credit facility.  the company's credit facility has an aggregate commitment amount of $4.0 billion and was amended in april 2016 to extend the maturity date to march 2021 (the "2016 credit facility"). the 2016 credit facility permits the company to request up to an additional $1.0 billion of borrowing capacity, subject to lender credit approval, increasing the overall size of the 2016 credit facility to an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $5.0 billion. interest on borrowings outstanding accrues at a rate based on the applicable london interbank offered rate plus a spread. the 2016 credit facility requires the company not to exceed a maximum leverage ratio (ratio of net debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, where net debt equals total debt less unrestricted cash) of 3 to 1, which was satisfied with a ratio of less than 1 to 1 at december 31, 2016. the 2016 credit facility provides back-up liquidity to fund ongoing working capital for general corporate purposes and various investment opportunities. at december 31, 2016, the company had no amount outstanding under the 2016 credit facility.
commercial paper program. the company can issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "cp notes") on a private-placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $4.0 billion. the commercial paper program is currently supported by the 2016 credit facility. at december 31, 2016, blackrock had no cp notes outstanding.
49
long-term borrowings.
the carrying value of long-term borrowings at december 31, 2016 included the following:
(in millions)           maturity amount      carrying value       maturity

6.25% notes                $700                $700   september 2017
5.00% notes               1,000                 997   december 2019
4.25% notes                 750                 746   may 2021
3.375% notes                 750                 746   june 2022
3.50% notes               1,000                 994   march 2024
1.25% notes                 738                 732   may 2025
total long-term borrowings              $4,938              $4,915
for more information on company's borrowings, see note 12, borrowings, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies by year of payment at december 31, 2016:
(in millions)                              2017            2018            2019            2020          2021        thereafter       total

contractual obligations and commitments:
long-term borrowings:
principal                                                            $700            $-            $1,000            $-          $750          $2,488        $4,938
interest                                                              195           151               151           101            85             137           820
operating leases                                                      142           135               125           120           112             404         1,038
purchase obligations                                                  108            66                24             2             2               -           202
investment commitments                                                192             -                 -             -             -               -           192
total contractual obligations and commitments                       1,337           352             1,300           223           949           3,029         7,190
contingent obligations:
contingent payments related to business acquisitions(1)                23            39                27            32            21               -           142
total contractual obligations, commitments and                     $1,360          $391            $1,327          $255          $970          $3,029        $7,332
contingent obligations(2)
(1)   the amount of contingent payments reflected for any year represents the expected payments using foreign currency exchange rates as of december 31, 2016. the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2016 totaled $115 million and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial condition.

(2)   at december 31, 2016, the company had approximately $321 million of net unrecognized tax benefits. due to the uncertainty of timing and amounts that will ultimately be paid, this amount has been excluded from the table above.

operating leases. the company leases its primary office locations under agreements that expire on varying dates through 2035. in connection with certain lease agreements, the company is responsible for escalation payments. the contractual obligations table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. these leases are classified as operating leases and, as such, are not recorded as liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition.
purchase obligations. in the ordinary course of business, blackrock enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of blackrock. purchase obligations included in the contractual obligations table above represent executory contracts, which are either noncancelable or cancelable with a penalty. at december 31, 2016, the company's obligations primarily reflected standard service contracts for portfolio services, market data, office-related services and third-party marketing and promotional services, and obligations for equipment. purchase obligations are recorded on the consolidated financial statements when services are provided and, as such, obligations for services and equipment not received are not included in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2016.
investment commitments. at december 31, 2016, the company had $192 million of various capital commitments to fund sponsored investment funds, including consolidated vies.  these funds include private equity funds, real assets and opportunistic funds. this amount excludes additional commitments made by consolidated funds of funds to underlying third-party funds as third-party noncontrolling interest holders have the legal obligation to fund the respective commitments of such funds of funds. in addition to the capital commitments of $192 million, the company had approximately $12 million of contingent commitments for certain funds which have investment periods that have expired. generally, the timing of the funding of these commitments is unknown and the commitments are callable on demand at any time prior to the expiration of the commitment. these unfunded commitments are not recorded on the consolidated statements of financial condition. these commitments do not include potential future commitments approved by the company that are not yet legally binding. the company intends to make additional capital commitments from time to time to fund additional investment products for, and with, its clients.
contingent payments related to business acquisitions. in connection with certain acquisitions, blackrock is required to make contingent payments, subject to achieving specified performance targets, which may include revenue related to acquired contracts or new capital commitments for certain products.  the fair value of the remaining aggregate contingent payments at december 31, 2016 totaled $115 million and is included in other liabilities on the consolidated statement of financial condition.
the following items have not been included in the contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies table:
carried interest clawback. as a general partner in certain investment funds, including private equity partnerships and certain hedge funds, the company may receive carried interest cash distributions from the partnerships in accordance with distribution provisions of the partnership agreements. the company may, from time to time, be required to return all or a portion of such distributions to the limited partners in the event the limited partners do not achieve a return as specified in the various partnership agreements. therefore, blackrock records carried interest
50
subject to such clawback provisions in total investments, or cash/cash of consolidated vies to the extent that it is distributed, and as a deferred carried interest liability/other liabilities of consolidated vies on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is recorded as performance fees on blackrock's consolidated statements of income upon the earlier of the termination of the investment fund or when the likelihood of clawback is considered mathematically improbable.
indemnifications. in the ordinary course of business or in connection with certain acquisition agreements, blackrock enters into contracts pursuant to which it may agree to indemnify third parties in certain circumstances. the terms of these indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined or the likelihood of any liability is considered remote and, therefore, has not been included in the table above or recorded in the consolidated statement of financial condition at december 31, 2016. see further discussion in note 13, commitments and contingencies, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
on behalf of certain clients, the company lends securities to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. in these securities lending transactions, the borrower is required to provide and maintain collateral at or above regulatory minimums. securities on loan are marked to market daily to determine if the borrower is required to pledge additional collateral. blackrock has issued certain indemnifications to certain securities lending clients against potential loss resulting from a borrower's failure to fulfill its obligations under the securities lending agreement should the value of the collateral pledged by the borrower at the time of default be insufficient to cover the borrower's obligation under the securities lending agreement. at december 31, 2016, the company indemnified certain of its clients for their securities lending loan balances of approximately $169.3 billion. the company held, as agent, cash and securities totaling $180.1 billion as collateral for indemnified securities on loan at december 31, 2016. the fair value of these indemnifications was not material at december 31, 2016.
while the collateral pledged by a borrower is intended to be sufficient to offset the borrower's obligations to return securities borrowed and any other amounts owing to the lender under the relevant securities lending agreement, in the event of a borrower default, the company can give no assurance that the collateral pledged by the borrower will be sufficient to fulfill such obligations. if the amount of such pledged collateral is not sufficient to fulfill such obligations to a client for whom the company has provided indemnification, blackrock would be responsible for the amount of the shortfall. these indemnifications cover only the collateral shortfall described above, and do not in any way guarantee, assume or otherwise insure the investment performance or return of any cash collateral vehicle into which securities lending cash collateral is invested.
compensation and benefit obligations. the company has various compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements, that are excluded from the contractual obligations and commitments table above. accrued compensation and benefits at december 31, 2016 totaled $1,880 million and included incentive compensation of $1,325 million, deferred compensation of $304 million and other compensation and benefits related obligations of $251 million. substantially all of the incentive compensation liability was paid in the first quarter of 2017, while the deferred compensation obligations are generally payable over periods of up to three years.
critical accounting policies the preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting periods. actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. management considers the following critical accounting policies important to understanding the consolidated financial statements. for a summary of these and additional accounting policies see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
consolidation in the normal course of business, the company is the manager of various types of sponsored investment vehicles. the company performs an analysis for investment products to determine if the product is a vie or a vre. assessing whether an entity is a vie or a vre involves judgment and analysis. factors considered in this assessment include the entity's legal organization, the entity's capital structure and equity ownership, and any related party or de facto agent implications of the company's involvement with the entity. investments that are determined to be vres are consolidated if the company can exert control over the financial and operating policies of the investee, which generally exists if there is greater than 50% voting interest. see note 4, consolidated voting rights entities, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information. investments that are determined to be vies are consolidated if the company is the primary beneficiary ("pb") of the entity.
at december 31, 2016, blackrock was determined to be the pb for certain investment funds that were determined to be vies, which required blackrock to consolidate them. blackrock was deemed to be the pb because it has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entities' economic performance and has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant to the vie.  the company generally consolidates vies in which it holds an equity ownership interest of 10% or greater and deconsolidates such vies once equity ownership falls below 10%.  see note 5, variable interest entities, in the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information.
investments equity method investments. for equity investments where blackrock does not control the investee, and where it is not the pb of a vie, but can exert significant influence over the financial and operating policies of the investee, the company follows the equity method of accounting. the evaluation of whether the company exerts control or significant influence over the financial and operational policies of its investees requires significant judgment based on the facts and circumstances surrounding each individual investment. factors considered in these evaluations may include the type of investment, the legal structure of the investee, the terms and structure of the investment agreement, including investor voting or other rights, the terms of blackrock's advisory agreement or other agreements with the investee, any influence blackrock may have on the governing board of the investee, the legal rights of other investors in the entity pursuant to the fund's operating documents and the relationship between blackrock and other investors in the entity.
51
blackrock's equity method investees that are investment companies record their underlying investments at fair value. therefore, under the equity method of accounting, blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income predominantly represents fair value adjustments in the investments held by the equity method investees. blackrock's share of the investee's underlying net income or loss is based upon the most currently available information and is recorded as nonoperating income (expense) for investments in investment companies, or as other revenue for certain strategic investments, which are recorded in other assets, since such investees are considered to be an extension of blackrock's core business.
at december 31, 2016, the company had $730 million and $348 million of equity method investments, including equity method investments held for deferred compensation, reflected within investments and other assets, respectively, and at december 31, 2015, the company had $527 million and $265 million of equity method investees reflected in investments and other assets, respectively.
impairments of investments. management periodically assesses equity method, available-for-sale, held-to-maturity and cost investments for other-than-temporary impairment ("otti"). if an otti exists, an impairment charge is recorded in nonoperating income (expense) on the consolidated statements of the income.
for equity method, held-to-maturity and cost method investments, if circumstances indicate that an otti may exist, the investments are evaluated using market values, where available, or the expected future cash flows of the investment. if the company determines an otti exists, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value.
for available-for-sale securities, when the fair value is lower than cost, the company considers, among other factors, the length of time the security has been in a loss position, the extent to which the security's fair value is less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the security's issuer and the company's ability and intent to hold the security for a length of time sufficient to allow for recovery of such unrealized losses. for equity securities, if the impairment is considered other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its fair value. for debt securities, the company considers whether: (1) it has the intent to sell the security; (2) it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security before recovery; or (3) it expects to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. if the company intends to sell the security or it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security, the entire difference between the amortized cost and fair value must be recognized in earnings.  if the company does not intend to sell a security and it is not more likely than not that it will be required to sell the security but the security has suffered an impairment related to credit, the credit loss will be bifurcated from the total decline in value and recorded in earnings with the remaining portion recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income.
for the company's investments in clos, the company reviews cash flow estimates over the life of each clo investment. on a quarterly basis, if the present value of the estimated future cash flows is lower than the carrying value of the investment and there is an adverse change in estimated cash flows, an impairment is considered to be other-than-temporary. an impairment charge is recognized for the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over its estimated fair value.
evaluation of impairments involves significant assumptions and management judgments, which could differ from actual results, and these differences could have a material impact on the consolidated statements of income.
fair value measurements the company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement according to the fair value hierarchy (i.e., level 1, 2 and 3 inputs, as defined) in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument. see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing for more information on fair value measurements.
changes in valuation. changes in value on $2,255 million of total investments will impact the company's nonoperating income (expense), $80 million will impact accumulated other comprehensive income, $142 million are held at cost or amortized cost and the remaining $126 million relates to carried interest, which will not impact nonoperating income (expense). at december 31, 2016, changes in fair value of approximately $1,365 million of such consolidated vies/vres will impact blackrock's net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests on the consolidated statements of income. blackrock's net exposure to changes in fair value of such consolidated sponsored investment funds was $1,176 million.
goodwill and intangible assets the value of advisory contracts acquired in business acquisitions to manage aum in proprietary open-end investment funds as well as collective trust funds without a specified termination date are classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets. the assignment of indefinite lives to such investment fund contracts is based upon the assumption there is no foreseeable limit on the contract period to manage these funds due to the likelihood of continued renewal at little or no cost. in addition, trade names/trademarks are considered indefinite-lived intangibles as they are expected to generate cash flows indefinitely. goodwill represents the cost of a business acquisition in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. in accordance with current accounting guidance, indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized. finite-lived management contracts, which relate to acquired separate accounts and funds with a specified termination date, are amortized over their remaining expected useful lives, which, at december 31, 2016, ranged from 1 to 9 years with a weighted-average remaining estimated useful life of 3.8 years.
goodwill. the company assesses its goodwill for impairment at least annually, considering such factors as the book value and the market capitalization of the company. the impairment assessment performed as of july 31, 2016 indicated no impairment charge was required. the company continues to monitor its book value per share compared with closing prices of its common stock for potential indicators of impairment. at december 31, 2016, the company's common stock closed at $380.54, which exceeded its book value of approximately $178.38 per share.
indefinite-lived and finite-lived intangibles. the company performs assessments to determine if any intangible assets are impaired and whether the indefinite-life and finite-life classifications are still appropriate.
52
in evaluating whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of indefinite-lived intangibles is less than carrying value, blackrock performed certain quantitative assessments and assessed various significant qualitative factors including aum, revenue basis points, projected aum growth rates, operating margins, tax rates and discount rates. in addition, the company considered other factors including: (i) macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, or other developments in equity and credit markets; (ii) industry and market considerations such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates, an increased competitive environment, a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics, a change in the market for an entity's services, or regulatory, legal or political developments; and (iii) entity-specific events, such as a change in management or key personnel, overall financial performance and litigation that could affect significant inputs used to determine the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset. if an indefinite-lived intangible is determined to be more likely than not impaired, then the fair value of the asset is compared with its carrying value and any excess of the carrying value over the fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
for finite-lived intangible assets, if potential impairment circumstances are considered to exist, the company will perform a recoverability test, using an undiscounted cash flow analysis. actual results could differ from these cash flow estimates, which could materially impact the impairment conclusion. if the carrying value of the asset is determined not to be recoverable based on the undiscounted cash flow test, the difference between the book value of the asset and its current fair value would be recognized as an expense in the period in which the impairment occurs.
in addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which finite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company's cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a finite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company's amortization expense, which was $99 million, $128 million and $157 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
in 2016, 2015 and 2014, the company performed impairment tests, including evaluating various qualitative factors and performing certain quantitative assessments. the company determined that no impairment charges were required, the classification of indefinite-lived versus finite-lived intangibles was still appropriate and no changes to the expected lives of the finite-lived intangibles were required. the company continuously monitors various factors, including aum, for potential indicators of impairment.
income taxes deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases using currently enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
significant management judgment is required in estimating the ranges of possible outcomes and determining the probability of favorable or unfavorable tax outcomes and potential interest and penalties related to such unfavorable outcomes. actual future tax consequences relating to uncertain tax positions may be materially different than the company's current estimates. at december 31, 2016, blackrock had $410 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, of which $284 million, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
management is required to estimate the timing of the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities, make assumptions about the future deductibility of deferred income tax assets and assess deferred income tax liabilities based on enacted tax rates for the appropriate tax jurisdictions to determine the amount of such deferred income tax assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2016, the company had deferred tax assets of $20 million and net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $4,840 million on the consolidated statement of financial condition. changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities may occur in certain circumstances, including statutory income tax rate changes, statutory tax law changes, changes in the anticipated timing of recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities or changes in the structure or tax status of the company.
the company assesses whether a valuation allowance should be established against its deferred income tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, both positive and negative, using a more likely than not standard. the assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecast of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, the company's experience with tax attributes expiring unused, and tax planning alternatives.
the company records income taxes based upon its estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company's actual tax liability or benefit may differ from the estimated income tax liability or benefit. the company had current income taxes receivables of approximately $247 million and current income taxes payables of $75 million at december 31, 2016.
revenue recognition investment advisory and administration fees are recognized as the services are performed. such fees are primarily based on pre-determined percentages of the market value of aum or, in the case of certain real asset clients, net operating income generated by the underlying properties. investment advisory and administration fees are affected by changes in aum, including market appreciation or depreciation, foreign exchange translation and net inflows or outflows. investment advisory and administration fees for investment funds are shown net of fees waived pursuant to contractual expense limitations of the funds or voluntary waivers.
the company contracts with third parties and related parties for various fund distribution and shareholder servicing to be performed on behalf of certain funds the company manages. such arrangements generally are priced as a portion of the management fee paid by the fund. in certain cases, the fund takes on the primary responsibility for payment for services such that the company bears no credit risk to the third-party. the company records its management fees net of retrocessions. retrocessions for 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $804 million, $870 million and $891 million, respectively. the company has additional contracts for similar services with third parties, which due to the terms of the contracts, are recorded as distribution and servicing costs and thus not netted on the consolidated statements of income.
53
the company earns revenue by lending securities on behalf of clients to highly rated banks and broker-dealers. revenue is accounted for on an accrual basis. the securities loaned are secured by collateral, generally ranging from 102% to 112% of the value of the loaned securities. generally, the revenue earned is shared between the company and the funds or accounts managed by the company from which the securities are borrowed. for 2016, 2015 and 2014, securities lending revenue earned by the company totaled $579 million, $513 million and $477 million, respectively, and is recorded in investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue on the consolidated statements of income. investment advisory, administration fees and securities lending revenue are reported together as the fees for these services often are agreed upon with clients as a bundled fee.
the company receives investment advisory performance fees or incentive allocations, from certain actively managed investment funds and certain separately managed accounts. these performance fees are dependent upon exceeding specified relative or absolute investment return thresholds. such fees are recorded upon completion of the measurement period, which varies by product or account, and could be monthly, quarterly, annually or longer.
in addition, the company is allocated carried interest from certain alternative investment products upon exceeding performance thresholds. blackrock may be required to reverse/return all, or part, of such carried interest allocations depending upon future performance of these funds. therefore, blackrock records carried interest subject to such clawback provisions in total investments or cash/cash of consolidated vies to the extent that it is distributed, on its consolidated statements of financial condition. carried interest is recorded as performance fee revenue upon the earlier of the termination of the investment fund or when the likelihood of clawback is considered mathematically improbable.
the company records a deferred carried interest liability to the extent it receives cash or capital allocations related to carried interest prior to meeting the revenue recognition criteria. at december 31, 2016 and 2015, the company had $152 million and $143 million, respectively, of deferred carried interest recorded in other liabilities/other liabilities of consolidated vies on the consolidated statements of financial condition. a portion of the deferred carried interest liability will be paid to certain employees. the ultimate timing of the recognition of performance fee revenue, if any, for these products is unknown.
the following table presents changes in the deferred carried interest liability (including the portion related to consolidated vies) for 2016 and 2015:
(in millions)                  2016               2015

beginning balance                            $143               $105
net increase (decrease)                        37                 69
performance fee revenue recognized            (28   )            (31   )
ending balance                               $152               $143
for 2016, 2015 and 2014, performance fee revenue totaled $295 million, $621 million and $550 million, respectively.
fees earned for blackrock solutions, which include advisory services, are recorded as services are performed or when completed and are determined using some, or all, of the following methods: (i) percentages of various attributes of advisory aum or value of positions on the aladdin platform, (ii) fixed-rate fees and (iii) fees billed on a time and materials basis. revenue earned on advisory assignments was comprised of one-time advisory and portfolio structuring fees and ongoing fees based on aum of the respective portfolio assignment. for 2016, 2015 and 2014, blackrock solutions and advisory revenue totaled $714 million, $646 million and $635 million, respectively.
adjustments to revenue arising from initial estimates recorded historically have been immaterial since the majority of blackrock's investment advisory and administration revenue is calculated based on aum and since the company does not record performance fee revenue until performance thresholds have been exceeded and the likelihood of clawback is mathematically improbable.
accounting developments for recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted, see note 2, significant accounting policies, in the consolidated financial statements contained in part ii, item 8 of this filing.
recent developments in february 2017, the company announced that it has entered an agreement to acquire the first reserve energy infrastructure business, the equity infrastructure franchise of first reserve.  consideration for the transaction will include an upfront payment and contingent consideration.  the transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2017, subject to customary regulatory approvals and closing conditions. this transaction is not expected to be material to the company's consolidated financial condition or results of operations.
