item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report and the exhibits hereto, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating our business. our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. this section contains forward-looking statements. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements set forth at the end of item 1 of this annual report. additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.
we face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with the rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the medical device markets in which we primarily participate are highly competitive. we encounter significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold from various medical device companies, some of which may have greater financial and marketing resources than we do, including as a result of consolidation among our competitors in the healthcare industry. our primary competitors include abbott laboratories; medtronic plc; and cook medical, as well as a wide range of medical device companies that sell a single or limited number of competitive products or which participate in only a specific market segment. we also face competition from non-medical device companies, including pharmaceutical companies, which may offer alternative therapies for disease states intended to be treated using our products.
additionally, the medical device markets in which we primarily participate are characterized by extensive research and development, and rapid technological change. developments by other companies of new or improved products, processes or technologies may make our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive and may negatively impact our net sales. we are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, obtain patent and other protection for our technologies and products, obtain required regulatory and reimbursement approvals and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. if we fail to develop or acquire new products or enhance existing products, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, a delay in the timing of the launch of next-generation products, and the overall performance of, and continued physician confidence in, those products may result in declines in our market share and have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we may experience declines in market size, average selling prices for our products, medical procedure volumes, and our share of the markets in which we compete, which may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we continue to experience pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers as the healthcare industry consolidates, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. these and other factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products or medical procedure volumes. there can be no assurance that the size of the markets in which we compete will increase above existing levels, that we will be able to regain or gain market share or compete effectively on the basis of price or that the number of procedures in which our products are used will increase above existing levels. decreases in market sizes or our market share and declines in average selling prices or procedural volumes could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
continued consolidation in the healthcare industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain of our significant market segments, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of healthcare have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power. as the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures, decreased average selling prices, and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments. we expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
18
healthcare cost containment pressures, government payment and delivery system reforms, changes in private payer policies, and marketplace consolidations could decrease the demand for our products, the prices which customers are willing to pay for those products and the number of procedures performed using our devices, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products are purchased principally by hospitals, physicians and other healthcare providers around the world that typically bill various third-party payers, including governmental programs (e.g., medicare and medicaid in the united states) and private health plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. governments and payers may also institute changes in health care delivery systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of health care costs. the ability of customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for their products and services from private and governmental third-party payers is critical to the success of medical technology companies because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. reimbursement varies by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies. even if we develop a promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payers. further legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the united states, japan, or other countries in a manner that significantly reduces reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices or denies coverage for those procedures, including price regulation, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, heightened clinical data requirements, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations we are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal and regulatory risks and uncertainties with respect to our international operations that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
international net sales accounted for approximately 43 percent of our global net sales in 2016, with sales from emerging markets accounting for approximately 10 percent. an important part of our growth strategy is to continue pursuing growth opportunities in net sales and market share outside of the u.s. by expanding global presence, including in emerging markets. our international operations are subject to a number of market, business and financial risks and uncertainties, including those related to political and economic instability; foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations; competitive product offerings; local changes in health care financing and payment systems and health care delivery systems; local product preferences and requirements, including preferences for local manufacturers; workforce instability; less intellectual property protection in certain countries than exists in the united states; and, in certain foreign countries, longer accounts receivable cycles. such risks and uncertainties may adversely impact our ability to implement our growth strategy in these markets and, as a result, our sales growth, market share and operating profits from our international operations may be adversely affected.
our international operations are subject to established and developing legal and regulatory requirements for medical devices in each country in which our products are marketed and sold. most foreign countries have medical device regulations. further, most countries outside of the u.s. require product approvals be renewed or recertified on a regular basis in order to continue to be marketed and sold there. in addition, several countries that previously did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded, or plan to expand, on existing regulations, including requiring local clinical data in addition to global clinical data. these factors have caused or may cause us to experience more uncertainty, risk, expense and delay in commercializing products in certain foreign jurisdictions, which could affect our ability to obtain approvals for our products in those jurisdictions and adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations.
further, international markets are affected by economic pressure to contain healthcare costs, which can lead to more rigorous evidence requirements and     lower reimbursement rates for either our products directly or procedures in which our products are used. governments and payers may also institute changes in health care delivery systems that may reduce funding for services or encourage greater scrutiny of health care costs. in addition, certain international markets may also be affected by foreign government efforts to reference reimbursement rates in other countries. all of these types of changes may ultimately reduce selling prices of our products or reduce the number of procedures in which our products are used, which may adversely impact our net sales, market share and operating profits from our international operations.
in addition, our international operations are subject to other established and developing u.s. and foreign legal and regulatory requirements, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) and/or similar laws in other countries; and u.s. and foreign import and export controls and licensing requirements, trade protection and embargo measures and customs laws. global businesses, including those in the medical device industry, are facing increasing scrutiny of, and heightened enforcement efforts with respect to, their international operations. any alleged or actual failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may subject us to government scrutiny, civil and/or criminal proceedings, sanctions and other liabilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our international operations, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.
19
following a referendum in june 2016 in which voters in the united kingdom (uk) approved an exit from the eu, the uk government is expected to initiate a process to withdraw from the eu (often referred to as "brexit") and begin negotiating the terms of the uk's future relationship with the eu. a withdrawal could, among other outcomes, result in the deterioration of economic conditions, volatility in currency exchange rates, and increased regulatory complexities. these outcomes may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
any significant changes in the political and economic, financial, competitive, legal and regulatory or reimbursement conditions where we conduct, or plan to expand, our international operations may have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
if we are unable to manage our debt levels, maintain investment grade credit ratings at the three ratings agencies, or experience a disruption in our cash flows it could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations.
as part of our strategy to maximize stockholder value, we use financial leverage to reduce our cost of capital. our outstanding debt balance was $5.484 billion as of december 31, 2016 and $5.677 billion as of december 31, 2015. although we currently have investment grade ratings at moody's investor service, standard & poor's rating service and fitch ratings, our inability to maintain investment grade credit ratings could increase our cost of borrowing funds in the future. delays in our product development and new product launches disruption in our cash flow or our ability to continue to effectively manage our debt levels could have an adverse effect on our cost of borrowing, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, our credit and security facilities contain covenants that require us to maintain specified financial ratios and place other limits on our business. if we are unable to satisfy these covenants, we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders and no assurance can be made that our lenders would grant such waivers on favorable terms or at all, and we could be required to repay any borrowings on demand.
we may record future goodwill impairment charges or other asset impairment charges related to one or more of our global reporting units, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations.
we test our goodwill balances during the second quarter of each year for impairment, or more frequently if indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest that impairment may exist. we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level and, in evaluating the potential for impairment of goodwill, we make assumptions regarding estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates. in the second quarter of 2016, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for all of our reporting units. in conjunction with our annual test, the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. therefore, it was deemed not necessary to proceed to the second step of the impairment test. refer to critical accounting policies and estimates within our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contained in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of key assumptions used in our testing.
on a quarterly basis, we monitor the key drivers of fair value to detect events or other changes that would warrant an interim impairment test of our goodwill and intangible assets. relatively small declines in the future performance and cash flows of a reporting unit or asset group, changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses, or small changes in other key assumptions, may result in the recognition of significant asset impairment charges, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
failure to integrate acquired businesses into our operations successfully could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
as part of our strategy to realign our business portfolio, we completed several acquisitions in 2016, 2015 and 2014 and may pursue additional acquisitions in the future. our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring, the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. these efforts result in additional expenses and involve significant management time. some of the factors that could affect the success of our acquisitions include, among others, the effectiveness of our due diligence process, our ability to execute our business plan for the acquired companies, the strength of the acquired technology, results of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and reimbursement levels of the acquired products and related procedures, the continued performance of critical transition services, our ability to adequately fund acquired in-process research and development projects and retain key employees, and our ability to achieve synergies with our acquired companies, such as increasing sales of our products, achieving cost savings and effectively combining technologies to develop new products. in addition, foreign acquisitions involve unique risks, including those related to integration of operations across different geographies, cultures, and languages; currency risks; and risks associated with the economic, political, legal and regulatory environment in specific countries. our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. in addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain
20
so, and if our acquisitions are not successful, we may record related asset impairment charges in the future or experience other negative consequences on our results.
we may not be successful in our strategy relating to future strategic acquisitions of, investments in, or alliances with, other companies and businesses, which have been a significant source of historical growth for us, and will be key to our diversification into new markets and technologies.
our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high quality medical devices that satisfy their interventional needs. these acquisitions, investments and alliances have been a significant source of our growth. if we are unsuccessful in our acquisitions, investments and alliances, we may be unable to grow our business. the success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments or alliances will depend on a number of factors, including:
•   our ability to identify suitable opportunities for acquisition, investment or alliance, if at all;
•   the ability of our due diligence process to uncover potential issues with target companies;
•   our ability to finance any future acquisition, investment or alliance on terms acceptable to us, if at all;
•   whether we are able to complete acquisitions, investments or alliances in a timely manner on terms that are satisfactory to us, if at all;
•   our ability to successfully integrate and operate acquired businesses;
•   our ability to successfully identify and retain key target employees;
•   our ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including foreign laws and regulations; and
•   intellectual property and litigation related to newly acquired technologies.
any potential future acquisitions we consummate may be dilutive to our earnings and may require additional debt or equity financing, depending on their size or nature.
we may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring and optimization initiatives; our long-term expense reduction programs may result in an increase in short-term expense; and our efforts may lead to unintended consequences.
we monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry and the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital and our people that we believe are important to our long-term success. as a result of these assessments, we have undertaken restructuring and optimization initiatives in order to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success. for example, in june 2016, we announced a restructuring initiative (the "2016 restructuring plan") intended to develop global commercialization, technology and manufacturing capabilities in key growth markets, build on our plant network optimization (pno) strategy which is intended to simplify our manufacturing plant structure by transferring certain production lines among facilities, and expand operational efficiencies in support of our operating income margin goals. key activities under the 2016 restructuring plan include strengthening global infrastructure through evolving global real estate and workplaces, developing global commercial and technical competencies, enhancing manufacturing and distribution expertise in certain regions, and continuing implementation of our pno strategy. activities under the plan were initiated in the second quarter of 2016 and are expected to be substantially completed by the end of 2018. the 2016 restructuring plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $175 million to $225 million and reduce gross annual expenses by approximately $115 million to $150 million by the end of 2020 as program benefits are realized. we expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives. expense reduction initiatives under the plan include various cost and efficiency improvement measures, which may include movement of business activities, facility consolidations and closures, and the transfer of product lines between manufacturing facilities, which, due to the highly regulated nature of our industry, requires a significant investment in time and cost to create duplicate manufacturing lines, run product validations, and seek regulatory approvals. these measures could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, inability to attract or retain key personnel, and reduced employee productivity, which could negatively affect our business, sales, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, our restructuring and optimization initiatives result in charges and expenses that impact our operating results. we cannot guarantee that the activities under the 2016 restructuring plan or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings.
21
current domestic and international economic conditions could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations.
uncertainty about global economic conditions, including as a result of credit and sovereign debt issues, has caused and may continue to cause disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. these conditions may adversely affect our suppliers, leading them to experience financial difficulties or to be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which could cause disruptions in our ability to produce our products. our customers may experience financial difficulties or be unable to borrow money to fund their operations, which may adversely impact their ability or decision to purchase our products, particularly capital equipment, or to pay for our products they do purchase on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, we have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain european countries. continued deterioration of the global economy or increase in sovereign debt issues may impact our ability to transfer receivables to third parties in certain of those countries in the future. third parties such as banks offering factoring programs in these countries are looking to reduce their exposure levels to government owned or supported debt. this could result in terminations of, or changes to the costs or credit limits of our existing factoring programs. such terminations or changes could have a negative impact on our cash flow and days sales outstanding.
the strength and timing of economic recovery remains uncertain and there can be no assurance that there will not be further deterioration in the global economy. accordingly, we cannot predict to what extent global economic conditions, including sovereign debt issues and increased focus on healthcare systems and costs in the u.s. and abroad, may continue to negatively impact our average selling prices, net sales and profit margins, procedural volumes and reimbursement rates from third party payers. in addition, conditions in the financial markets and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our ability to borrow money in the credit markets, access the capital markets and to obtain financing for acquisitions or other general corporate and commercial purposes.
healthcare policy changes, including healthcare reform legislation, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
political, economic and policy influences are leading the healthcare industry to make substantial structural and financial changes that will continue affecting our results of operations. government and private sector initiatives limiting the growth of healthcare costs (including price regulation), coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments and healthcare delivery structure reforms, are continuing in many countries where we do business. we believe that these changes are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of more treatments that can reduce costs, improve efficiencies, and/or increase patient access. although we believe our less-invasive products and technologies generate favorable clinical outcomes, value and cost efficiency, the resources necessary and evidence necessary to demonstrate value to our customers, patients, payers, and other stakeholders may be significant and it may take a longer period of time to gain widespread adoption. moreover, there can be no assurance that our strategies will succeed for every product.
the patient protection and affordable care act and health care and education affordability reconciliation act of 2010 were enacted into law in the u.s. in march 2010. as a u.s. headquartered company with significant sales in the united states, the medical device tax included in this law has materially affected us. the law imposed on medical device manufacturers a 2.3 percent excise tax on u.s. sales of class i, ii and iii medical devices beginning in january 2013. under the current administration, there may be a permanent repeal or an alteration of some or all elements of the aca, but at this time it is not definite that a change will be enacted or what new healthcare provisions may be implemented. while the implementation of the medical device tax has been suspended until december 31, 2017, the status of the tax for sales after december 31, 2017 is not clear. the tax may continue to be suspended, or may be reinstated at the same or at a different level. other provisions of this law, including comparative effectiveness research, pilot programs to evaluate alternative payment methodologies and other changes to the payment systems, could meaningfully change the way healthcare is developed and delivered, and may adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. however, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products, reduce medical procedure volumes or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
22
we are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products and, in some cases, may ultimately result in an inability to obtain approval of certain products or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products.
our products, marketing, sales and development activities and manufacturing processes are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by the fda pursuant to the federal food, drug, and cosmetic act (fdc act), by comparable agencies in foreign countries, and by other regulatory agencies and governing bodies. under the fdc act, medical devices must receive fda clearance or approval or an exemption from such clearance or approval before they can be commercially marketed in the u.s. in the european union, we are required to comply with applicable medical device directives (including the medical devices directive and the active implantable medical devices directive) and obtain ce mark certification in order to market medical devices. the ce mark is applied following approval from an independent notified body or declaration of conformity. the process of obtaining marketing approval or clearance from the fda or by comparable agencies in foreign countries for new products, or with respect to enhancements or modifications to existing products, could:
•   take a significant period of time;
•   require the expenditure of substantial resources;
•   involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance;
•   require changes to products; and
•   result in limitations on the indicated uses of products.
in addition, exported devices are subject to the regulatory requirements of each country to which the device is exported. some countries do not have medical device regulations, but in most foreign countries, medical devices are regulated. frequently, regulatory approval may first be obtained in a foreign country prior to application in the u.s. due to differing regulatory requirements; however, other countries, such as china for example, require approval in the country of origin or legal manufacturer first. most countries outside of the u.s. require that product approvals be renewed or recertified on a regular basis, generally every four to five years. the renewal or recertification process requires that we evaluate any device changes and any new regulations or standards relevant to the device and conduct appropriate testing to document continued compliance. where renewal or recertification applications are required, they may need to be renewed and/or approved in order to continue selling our products in those countries. there can be no assurance that we will receive the required approvals for new products or modifications to existing products on a timely basis or that any approval will not be subsequently withdrawn or conditioned upon extensive post-market study requirements.
our global regulatory environment is becoming increasingly stringent, and unpredictable, which could increase the time, cost and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals for our products, as well as the clinical and regulatory costs of supporting those approvals. several countries that did not have regulatory requirements for medical devices have established such requirements in recent years and other countries have expanded on existing regulations. certain regulators are exhibiting less flexibility and are requiring local preclinical and clinical data in addition to global data. while harmonization of global regulations has been pursued, requirements continue to differ significantly among countries. we expect this global regulatory environment will continue to evolve, which could impact our ability to obtain future approvals for our products, or could increase the cost and time to obtain such approvals in the future.
the european union regulatory bodies will finalize a new medical device regulation (mdr) in 2017, which will replace the existing directives and will provide three years for transition and compliance.  the mdr will change several aspects of the existing regulatory framework, such as clinical data requirements, and introduce new ones, such as unique device identification (udi).  we, and the notified bodies who will oversee compliance to the new mdr, face uncertainties as the mdr is rolled out and enforced by the commission and eea competent authorities, creating risks in several areas including the ce marking process and data transparency in the upcoming years.
the fda and other worldwide regulatory agencies actively monitor compliance with local laws and regulations through review and inspection of design and manufacturing practices, recordkeeping, reporting of adverse events, labeling and promotional practices. the fda can ban certain medical devices; detain or seize adulterated or misbranded medical devices; order repair, replacement or refund of these devices; and require notification of health professionals and others with regard to medical devices that present unreasonable risks of substantial harm to the public health. the fda can take action against a company that promotes "off-label" uses. the fda may also enjoin and restrain a company for certain violations of the fdc act and other amending acts pertaining to medical devices, or initiate action for criminal prosecution of such violations. any adverse regulatory action, depending
23
on its magnitude, may restrict a company from effectively marketing and selling its products, may limit a company's ability to obtain future premarket clearances or approvals, and could results in a substantial modification to the company's business practices and operations. international sales of medical devices manufactured in the u.s. that are not approved by the fda for use in the u.s., or that are banned or deviate from lawful performance standards, are subject to fda export requirements.
regulations regarding the development, manufacture and sale of medical devices are evolving and subject to future change. we cannot predict what impact, if any, those changes might have on our business. failure to comply with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in fines, delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances or approvals, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, operating restrictions and/or criminal prosecution. we may also initiate field actions as a result of a failure to strictly comply with our internal quality policies. the failure to receive product approval clearance on a timely basis, suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products, physician advisories or other field actions, or the withdrawal of product approval by the fda or by comparable agencies in foreign countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products are continually subject to clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable, or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
as a part of the regulatory process of obtaining marketing clearance for new products and new indications for existing products, we conduct and participate in numerous clinical trials with a variety of study designs, patient populations and trial endpoints. unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data from existing or future clinical trials conducted by us, by our competitors or by third parties, or the fda's or the market's perception of this clinical data, may adversely impact our ability to obtain product approvals, our position in, and share of, the markets in which we participate and our business, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects.
our future growth is dependent upon the development of new products and enhancement of existing products, which requires significant research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products.
in order to develop new products and enhance existing products, we focus our research and development programs largely on the development of next-generation and novel technology offerings across multiple programs and businesses. the development of new products and enhancement of existing products requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials and regulatory approvals. the results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate, and develop new products, complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the united states and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market approval of our products. there can be no assurance that any products now in development or that we may seek to develop in the future will achieve technological feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. if we are unable to develop and launch new products and enhanced products, our ability to maintain or expand our market position in the markets in which we participate may be materially adversely impacted. further, we are continuing to investigate, and have completed several acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in, and diversify into priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. there can be no assurance that our investments will be successful or we will be able to access new products and technologies on terms favorable to us, or that these products and technologies will achieve commercial feasibility, obtain regulatory approval or gain market acceptance. a delay in the development or approval of new products and technologies or our decision to reduce our investments may adversely impact the contribution of these technologies to our future growth.
additionally, certain products or groups of products, in particular new products or enhancements of existing products, may have a disproportionate impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. failure to meet growth projections, poor clinical outcomes, increasing regulatory requirements, launch delays, and inability to effectively scale manufacturing and achieve targeted margins with respect to any of these products or groups of products in particular may materially adversely impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
24
the medical device industry and its customers continue to face scrutiny and regulation by governmental authorities and are often the subject of numerous investigations, often involving marketing and other business practices or product quality issues including device recalls or advisories. these investigations could result in the commencement of civil and criminal proceedings; imposition of substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including corporate integrity agreements, stipulated judgments or exclusion; diversion of our employees and management's attention; imposition of administrative costs and have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity; and may lead to greater governmental regulation in the future.
the medical devices we design, develop, manufacture and market are subject to rigorous regulation by the fda and numerous other federal, state and foreign governmental authorities. these authorities continue to highly scrutinize our industry. we have received, and in the future may receive, subpoenas and other requests for information from congress and other state and federal governmental agencies, including, among others, the u.s. department of justice, the office of inspector general of the department of health and human services (hhs), and the department of defense, as well as from foreign governments and agencies. the requests and/or subpoenas we have received relate primarily to financial arrangements with healthcare providers, regulatory compliance and sale and/or product promotional practices. we have cooperated with these subpoenas and other requests for information, and expect to continue to do so in the future. we cannot predict when a matter will be resolved, the outcome of the matter or its impact on us, and cooperation may involve significant costs, including document production costs. an adverse outcome in any matter could include the commencement of an investigation, civil and criminal proceedings; substantial fines, penalties and administrative remedies, including exclusion from government reimbursement programs, entry into corporate integrity agreements (cias) with governmental agencies and amendments to any existing cias. in addition, resolution of any matter could involve the imposition of additional and costly compliance obligations. for example, in 2009, we entered into a civil settlement with the doj regarding the doj's investigation relating to certain post-market surveys conducted by guidant corporation before we acquired guidant in 2006. as part of the settlement, we entered into a 5-year cia with the office of inspector general for hhs, which required various provisions, including enhancements to certain compliance procedures related to financial arrangements with healthcare providers. cooperation with requests and investigations from external agencies result in employee resource costs and diversion of employee focus. if any requests or investigations continue over a long period of time, they could divert the attention of management from the day-to-day operations of our business and impose significant additional administrative burdens on us. these potential consequences, as well as any adverse outcome from these requests or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity.
in addition, certain foreign governments, state governments (including that of massachusetts, where we are headquartered) and the u.s. federal government have enacted legislation aimed at increasing transparency of our interactions with healthcare providers. as an example, compliance with the u.s. physician payment sunshine act requires us by law to disclose payments and other transfers of value to all u.s. physicians and u.s. teaching hospitals at the u.s. federal level made after august 1, 2013. any failure to comply with these legal and regulatory requirements could impact our business. in addition, we have and may continue to devote substantial additional time and financial resources to further develop and implement enhanced structure, policies, systems and processes to comply with enhanced legal and regulatory requirements, which may also impact our business.
we anticipate that governmental authorities will continue to scrutinize our industry closely, and that additional regulation may increase compliance and legal cost and exposure to litigation, and have additional adverse effects on our operations.
changes in tax laws, unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to on-going tax audits in various jurisdictions. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision and have established contingency reserves for material, known tax exposures. however, the calculation of such tax exposures involves the application of complex tax laws and regulations in many jurisdictions, as well as interpretations as to the legality under european union state aid rules of tax advantages granted in certain jurisdictions. therefore, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these disputes or other tax audits or that issues raised by tax authorities will be resolved at a financial cost that does not exceed our related reserves, and the actual outcomes of these disputes and other tax audits could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
on july 19, 2016, we entered into a stipulation of settled issues with the internal revenue service (irs) intended to resolve certain transfer pricing issues, as well as certain issues related to our transaction with abbott, for the 2001 through 2007 tax years. the stipulation of settled issues is contingent upon irs office of appeals (irs appeals) applying the same basis of settlement to all transfer pricing issues for the company's 2008, 2009, and 2010 tax years, and if applicable, review by the u.s. congress joint committee on taxation. in october 2016, we reached an agreement in principle with irs appeals as to the resolution of the
25
transfer pricing issues in 2008, 2009, and 2010 tax years, subject to additional calculations of tax as well as documentation to memorialize our agreement. the final resolution of these issues is contingent and if the stipulation of settled issues is not finalized, it could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
additionally, changes in tax laws could materially impact our effective tax rate. for example, proposals for fundamental u.s. corporate tax reform, if enacted, could have a significant adverse impact on our future results of operations. additionally, the u.s. congress, government agencies in non-u.s. jurisdictions where we and our affiliates do business, and the organization for economic co-operation and development have recently focused on issues related to the taxation of multinational corporations. one example is in the area of "base erosion and profit shifting," where profits are claimed to be earned for tax purposes in low-tax jurisdictions, or payments are made between affiliates from a jurisdiction with high tax rates to a jurisdiction with lower tax rates. the organization for economic co-operation and development has released several components of its comprehensive plan to create an agreed set of international rules for fighting base erosion and profit shifting. as a result, the tax laws in the u.s. and other countries in which we and our affiliates do business could change on a prospective or retroactive basis, and any such changes could materially adversely affect our business.
our operations in puerto rico and costa rica presently benefit from various tax incentives and grants. unless these incentives and grants are extended, they will expire between 2023 and 2028. if we are unable to renew, extend, or obtain new incentive and grants, the expiration of the existing incentives and grants could have a material impact on our financial results in future periods.
we may not effectively be able to protect our intellectual property or other sensitive data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the medical device market in which we primarily participate is largely technology driven. physician customers have historically moved quickly to new products and new technologies. as a result, intellectual property rights, particularly patents and trade secrets, play a significant role in product development and differentiation. however, intellectual property litigation is inherently complex and unpredictable and appellate courts can overturn lower court decisions. furthermore, as our business increasingly relies on technology systems and infrastructure, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation. finally, our ability to protect novel business models is uncertain.
competing parties in our industry frequently file multiple suits to leverage patent portfolios across product lines, technologies and geographies and to balance risk and exposure between the parties. in some cases, several competitors are parties in the same proceeding, or in a series of related proceedings, or litigate multiple features of a single class of devices. these forces frequently drive settlement not only of individual cases, but also of a series of pending and potentially related and unrelated cases. in addition, although monetary and injunctive relief is typically sought, remedies and restitution are generally not determined until the conclusion of the trial court proceedings and can be modified on appeal. accordingly, the outcomes of individual cases are difficult to time, predict or quantify and are often dependent upon the outcomes of other cases in other geographies.
a number of third parties have asserted that our current and former product offerings infringe patents owned or licensed by them. we have similarly asserted that products sold by our competitors infringe patents owned or licensed by us. adverse outcomes in one or more of the proceedings against us could limit our ability to sell certain products in certain jurisdictions, or reduce our operating margin on the sale of these products and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
patents and other proprietary rights are and will continue to be essential to our business, and our ability to compete effectively with other companies will be dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. we rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations, strategic alliances and licensing opportunities to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. we pursue a policy of generally obtaining patent protection in both the u.s. and abroad for patentable subject matter in our proprietary devices and attempt to review third-party patents and patent applications to the extent publicly available in order to develop an effective patent strategy, avoid infringement of third-party patents, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the patent claims of others. we currently own numerous u.s. and foreign patents and have numerous patent applications pending. we also are party to various license agreements pursuant to which patent rights have been obtained or granted in consideration for cash, cross-licensing rights or royalty payments. no assurance can be made that any pending or future patent applications will result in the issuance of patents, that any current or future patents issued to, or licensed by, us will not be challenged or circumvented by our competitors, or that our patents will not be found invalid. in addition, we may have to take legal action in the future to protect our patents, trade secrets or know-how or to assert them against claimed infringement by others. any legal action of that type could be costly and time consuming and no assurances can be made that any lawsuit will be successful. we are generally involved as both a plaintiff and a defendant in a number of patent infringement and other intellectual property-related actions. the invalidation of key patents or proprietary rights that we own, or an unsuccessful outcome in lawsuits to protect our intellectual property, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
26
in addition, the laws of certain countries in which we market, and plan on manufacturing some of our products in the near future, do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property in these countries, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
furthermore, our intellectual property, other proprietary technology and other sensitive data are potentially vulnerable to loss, damage or misappropriation from system malfunction, computer viruses, unauthorized access to our data or misappropriation or misuse thereof by those with permitted access, and other events. while we have invested to protect our intellectual property and other data, and continue to work diligently in this area, there can be no assurance that our precautionary measures will prevent breakdowns, breaches, cyber-attacks or other events. such events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information, and changing customer patterns. in addition, third parties may attempt to hack into our products to obtain data relating to patients or disrupt performance of our products or to access our proprietary information. any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. in the u.s., federal and state privacy and security laws require certain of our operations to protect the confidentiality of personal information including patient medical records and other health information. in europe, the data protection directive requires us to manage individually identifiable information in the eu and, the new general data protection regulation may impose fines of up to four percent of our global revenue in the event of violations. internationally, some countries have also passed laws that require individually identifiable data on their citizens to be maintained on local servers and that may restrict transfer or processing of that data. we believe that we meet the expectations of applicable regulations and that the ongoing costs and impacts of ensuring compliance with such rules are not material to our business. however, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies. enforcement actions can be costly and interrupt regular operations of our business. any of these events, in turn, may cause us to lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians, and other health care professionals, be subject to legal claims and liability, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
pending and future intellectual property litigation could be costly and disruptive to us.
we operate in an industry that is susceptible to significant intellectual property litigation and, in recent years, it has been common for companies in the medical device field to aggressively challenge the patent rights of other companies. we are currently the subject of various patent litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under note k - commitments and contingencies to our 2016 consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report. intellectual property litigation is expensive, complex and lengthy, and its outcome is difficult to predict. adverse outcomes in one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell certain products and on our operating margins, financial condition, results of operation or liquidity. pending or future patent litigation may result in significant royalty or other payments or injunctions that can prevent the sale of products and may significantly divert the attention of our technical and management personnel. in the event that our right to market any of our products is successfully challenged, we may be required to obtain a license on terms which may not be favorable to us, if at all. if we fail to obtain a required license or are unable to design around a patent, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
27
pending and future product liability claims and other litigation, including private securities litigation, stockholder derivative suits and contract litigation, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations or liquidity.
the design, manufacturing and marketing of medical devices of the types that we produce entail an inherent risk of product liability claims. many of the medical devices that we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body for long periods of time or indefinitely. a number of factors could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these or other products that we manufacture or sell, including physician technique and experience in performing the surgical procedure, component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects, off-label use or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information. these factors could result in product liability claims, a recall of one or more of our products or a safety alert relating to one or more of our products. product liability claims may be brought by individuals or by groups seeking to represent a class.
we are currently the subject of product liability litigation proceedings and other proceedings described in more detail under note k - commitments and contingencies to our 2016 consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, including not only actual damages, but also punitive damages. the magnitude of the potential losses relating to these lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, the cost to defend against any future litigation may be significant. product liability claims, securities and commercial litigation and other litigation in the future, regardless of the outcome, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. additionally, we maintain an insurance policy providing limited coverage against securities claims, and we are substantially self-insured with respect to product liability claims and fully self-insured with respect to intellectual property infringement claims. the fact that we do not maintain third-party insurance coverage for all categories of losses increases our exposure to unanticipated claims and adverse decisions, and these losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity.
any failure to meet regulatory quality standards applicable to our manufacturing and quality processes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a medical device manufacturer, we are required to register our establishments and list our devices with the fda and are subject to periodic inspection by the fda for compliance with its quality system regulation requirements, which require manufacturers of medical devices to adhere to certain regulations, including testing, quality control and documentation procedures. in addition, the federal medical device reporting regulations require us to provide information to the fda whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the fda which may result in observations on form 483, and in some cases warning letters, that require corrective action. in the european community, we are required to maintain certain international standards organization (iso) certifications in order to sell our products and must undergo periodic inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. many other countries in which we do business have requirements similar to those of the us or the eu, and other foreign governments or agencies may subject us to periodic inspections as well. if we, or our manufacturers, fail to adhere to quality system regulations or iso requirements, this could delay production of our products and lead to fines, difficulties in obtaining regulatory clearances, recalls, enforcement actions, including injunctive relief or consent decrees, or other consequences, which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
interruption of our manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our products are designed and manufactured in technology centers around the world, either by us or third parties. in most cases, the manufacturing of our products is concentrated in one or a few locations. factors such as a failure to follow specific internal protocols and procedures, equipment malfunction, environmental factors or damage to one or more of our facilities could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products. in the event of an interruption in manufacturing, we may be unable to quickly move to alternate means of producing affected products or to meet customer demand. in the event of a significant interruption, for example, as a result of a failure to follow regulatory protocols and procedures, we may experience lengthy delays in resuming production of affected products due primarily to needs for regulatory approvals. as a result, we may experience loss of market share, which we may be unable to recapture, and harm to our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions in the supply of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products or the sterilization of our products by third-party vendors could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
28
we purchase many of the materials and components used in manufacturing our products from third-party vendors. certain of these materials and components are purchased from single sources due to quality considerations, expertise, costs or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. in certain cases we may not be able to establish additional or replacement vendors for such materials or components in a timely or cost effective manner, largely as a result of fda regulations that require validation of materials and components prior to their use in our products and the complex nature of our and many of our vendors' manufacturing processes. a reduction or interruption in the supply of materials and components used in manufacturing our products; an inability to timely develop and validate alternative sources if required; or a significant increase in the price of such materials or components could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, many of our products require sterilization prior to sale, and we utilize a mix of internal resources and contract sterilizers to perform this service. to the extent we or our contract sterilizers are unable to sterilize our products, whether due to capacity, availability of materials for sterilization, regulatory or other constraints, we may be unable to transition to other contract sterilizer, sterilizer locations or sterilization methods in a timely or cost effective manner or at all, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
our share price has been volatile and may fluctuate, and accordingly, the value of an investment in our common stock may also fluctuate.
stock markets in general, and our common stock in particular, have experienced significant price and volume volatility over recent years. the market price and trading volume of our common stock may continue to be subject to significant fluctuations due to factors described under this item 1a entitled "risk factors," as well as economic and geopolitical conditions in general, and also to variability in the prevailing sentiment regarding our operations or business prospects, as well as, among other things, changing investment priorities of our stockholders. because the market price of our common stock fluctuates significantly, stockholders may not be able sell their shares at attractive prices.
if we are unable to attract or retain key personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results from operations.
in our industry, there is substantial competition for key personnel in the regions in which we operate, and we may face increased competition for such employees, particularly in emerging markets as the trend toward globalization continues. our business depends to a significant extent on the continued service of senior management and other key personnel, the development of additional management personnel and the hiring of new qualified employees. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in retaining and developing existing personnel or recruiting new personnel. the loss of one or more key employees, our ability to attract or develop additional qualified employees or any delay in hiring key personnel could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
29
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis provides information management believes to be relevant to understanding the financial condition and results of operations of boston scientific corporation and its subsidiaries. for full understanding of financial condition and results of operations, you should read this discussion along with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in item 8 of this annual report.
executive summary financial highlights and trends in 2016, we generated net sales of $8.386 billion, as compared to $7.477 billion in 2015, an increase of $909 million, or 12 percent. our net sales were unfavorably impacted by $99 million from foreign currency fluctuations in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rates, our net sales increased $1.008 billion, or 12 percent, as compared to the prior year.1 this increase included net sales of approximately $236 million in 2016, with no prior year period related net sales, due to the ams portfolio acquisition and the endochoice holdings, inc. (endochoice) acquisition. refer to the business and market overview section for further discussion of our net sales by global business.
our reported net income in 2016 was $347 million, or $0.25 per diluted share. our reported results for 2016 included intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition-related net charges, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related charges, and amortization expense totaling $1.187 billion (after-tax), or $0.86 per share. excluding these items, net income for 2016 was $1.534 billion, or $1.11 per share.1our reported net loss in 2015 was $239 million, or $0.18 per share. our reported results for 2015 included intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition-related net charges, restructuring and restructuring-related net charges, litigation-related charges, pension termination charges, debt extinguishment charges, discrete tax items, and amortization expense totaling $1.506 billion (after-tax), or $1.11 per share. excluding these items, net income for 2015 was $1.267 billion, or $0.93 per share1.
1 adjusted net sales growth rates, which exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, and adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share, which exclude certain items required by generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (u.s gaap) are not prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. refer to additional information for a discussion of management's use of these non-gaap financial measures.
34
the following is a reconciliation of our results of operations prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap to those adjusted results considered by management. refer to results of operations for a discussion of each reconciling item:
year ended december 31, 2016
tax                                  impact per in millions, except per share data                               pre-tax             impact             after-tax                 share gaap net income (loss)                                         $177               $170                 $347                 $0.25
non-gaap adjustments:
intangible asset impairment charges                              11                 (1    )              10                  0.01
acquisition-related net charges                                 136                (10    )             126                  0.09
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges              78                (17    )              61                  0.04
litigation-related net charges                                  804               (292    )             512                  0.37
amortization expense                                            545                (67    )             478                  0.35
adjusted net income                                          $1,751              $(217    )          $1,534                 $1.11
year ended december 31, 2015
tax                                  impact per in millions, except per share data                               pre-tax             impact             after-tax                 share gaap net income (loss)                                        $(650    )          $411                $(239     )          $(0.18     )
non-gaap adjustments:
intangible asset impairment charges                              19                 (3    )              16                  0.01         *
acquisition-related net charges                                 255                (33    )             222                  0.17         *
restructuring and restructuring-related net charges              83                (14    )              69                  0.05         *
litigation-related net charges                                1,105               (400    )             705                  0.52         *
pension termination charges                                      44                (16    )              28                  0.02         *
debt extinguishment charges                                      45                (16    )              29                  0.02         *
discrete tax items                                                -                 (9    )              (9     )           (0.01     )   *
amortization expense                                            495                (49    )             446                  0.33         *
adjusted net income                                          $1,396              $(129    )          $1,267                 $0.93
*assumes dilution of 21.5 million shares for 2015 for all or a portion of these non-gaap adjustments.
cash provided by operating activities was $972 million in 2016, as compared to cash provided by operating activities of $600 million in 2015. this increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily driven by the increase in net income for 2016 compared to 2015. our cash generated from operations continues to be a significant source of funds for investing in our growth, including acquisitions and strategic alliances, managing our contingencies and reducing our debt levels.
as of december 31, 2016, we had total debt of $5.484 billion, cash and cash equivalents of $196 million and a working capital deficit of $348 million. we hold investment-grade ratings with all three major credit-rating agencies. we believe our investment grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, our solid financial fundamentals and our financial strategy.
refer to liquidity and capital resources for further discussion.
35
business and market overview cardiovascular interventional cardiology our interventional cardiology division develops and manufactures technologies for diagnosing and treating coronary artery disease and other cardiovascular disorders including structural heart conditions. product offerings include coronary stents, including drug-eluting and bare metal stent systems, balloon catheters, rotational atherectomy systems, guide wires, guide catheters, embolic protection devices, crossing and re-entry devices for the treatment of chronically occluded coronary vessels, diagnostic catheters, and intravascular ultrasound (ivus) imaging systems. our structural heart product offerings include a device for transcatheter aortic valve replacement and a device designed to close the left atrial appendage in patients with atrial fibrillation that are at risk for ischemic stroke.
our worldwide net sales of interventional cardiology products were $2.281 billion for 2016, or approximately 27 percent of our consolidated net sales for the year. our worldwide net sales of interventional cardiology products increased $248 million, or 12 percent, in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had a $34 million negative impact on our interventional cardiology net sales in 2016, as compared to 2015, net sales of these products increased $282 million, or 13 percent. this year-over-year increase was primarily related to sales of our drug-eluting stents, led by our ongoing global launch of the synergytm stent, our watchmantm device following the u.s. commercial launch during the first quarter of 2015 and our lotustm valve system in the eu, along with operational growth in our pci guidance system product offerings.
worldwide sales from our drug-eluting coronary stents were $1.199 billion during 2016, as compared to $1.074 billion during 2015, representing a significant portion of our interventional cardiology net sales. our drug-eluting stent systems include our next generation synergy everolimus-eluting platinum chromium coronary stent system and our promus premiertm everolimus-eluting platinum chromium coronary stent system, both of which are designed to provide physicians with improved drug-eluting stent performance in treating patients with coronary artery disease. synergy features an ultra-thin abluminal (outer) bioabsorbable polymer coating, while promus premiertm features a unique customized platinum chromium alloy stent architecture and an enhanced stent delivery system. we received fda approval of the synergytm stent technology and japanese regulatory approval in the fourth quarter of 2015.
our structural heart product offerings include our lotustm valve system, a device for transcatheter aortic valve replacement, and our watchmantm device designed to close the left atrial appendage in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation who are at risk for ischemic stroke. the lotus valve system consists of a stent-mounted tissue valve prosthesis and catheter delivery system for guidance and placement of the valve.
the original lotus valve system as well as our next generation lotus edgetm system are ce-marked in the european union (eu), and in the u.s. they are investigational devices and not commercially available. in october 2016, we suspended our limited launch and initiated a voluntary removal of field inventory of the lotus edgetm system due to reports that, in some cases, the device could not be fully locked during the procedure due to premature release of a pin connecting the lotus edgetm valve to the delivery system. in february 2017, we initiated a voluntary removal of all lotustm valve devices, including lotus with depth guardtm, from global commercial and clinical sites due to reports of premature release of a pin connecting the lotustm valve to the delivery system. as with the prior announced suspension of our lotus edgetm valve system device, we believe that the issue is caused by excess tension in the pin mechanism introduced during the manufacturing process. we expect to bring the lotustm valve platform back to market in europe and other regions in the fourth quarter of 2017. we anticipate filing the u.s. pma submission for the lotus edgetm valve system, the next generation platform, in the fourth quarter of 2017, with a u.s. launch planned for mid-2018.
the watchman left atrial appendage closure technology (watchman) is the first device studied in a randomized clinical trial to offer an alternative to warfarin, and is marketed in ce-mark countries and other international countries, as well as the u.s. following fda approval in march 2015. we believe that watchman will be the only laac technology commercially available in the u.s. for multiple years. in november 2015, we received ce mark for our next generation device, watchman flxtm. shortly after approval, we began a european initial market release of watchman flx. the initial market release was suspended near the end of the first quarter of 2016 due to a higher than expected rate of device embolization. following an extensive data evaluation, we have decided to pursue potential design enhancements prior to returning a next generation device to market.
on december 12, 2016, we completed the acquisition of certain manufacturing assets and capabilities of the neovasc, inc. (neovasc) advanced biological tissue business and made a 15 percent equity investment in neovasc for a total upfront cash payment of $75
36
million. with this acquisition, we will integrate certain manufacturing assets and biologic tissue capabilities into our structural heart business for use in the manufacturing of the lotus valve system and future heart valve technologies within our interventional cardiology business. we expect this integration to be substantially completed by the end of 2018.
peripheral interventions our peripheral interventions (pi) product offerings include stents, balloon catheters, wires, peripheral embolization devices and other devices used to diagnose and treat peripheral vascular disease, along with products to treat, diagnose and ease various forms of cancer.
our worldwide net sales of pi products were $1.011 billion for 2016, or approximately 12 percent of our consolidated net sales for the year. our worldwide net sales of pi products increased $107 million, or 12 percent, in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had an $11 million negative impact on our worldwide pi net sales in 2016, as compared to 2015, net sales of these products increased $118 million, or 12 percent. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by revenues from our atherectomy and thrombectomy systems, as well as growth in our core pi franchises, particularly our stent franchise following fda approval and launch of our innovatm vascular self-expanding stent system in the u.s. and japan, our interventional oncology franchise and our drug-eluting product franchise.
on december 31, 2015, we completed the acquisition of the interventional radiology business of celonova biosciences (celonova). the acquisition includes drug-eluting microspheres designed to be loaded with chemotherapy drugs for delivery to cancerous tumors, and spherical embolic products used to treat uterine fibroids and other conditions. we are in the process of integrating celonova into our peripheral interventions business and expect to be substantially complete by the second half of 2017.
rhythm management cardiac rhythm management our cardiac rhythm management (crm) business develops, manufactures and markets a variety of implantable devices including implantable cardioverter defibrillator (icd) systems and implantable cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators, including the world's first and only commercially available subcutaneous implantable cardioverter defibrillator, the s-icd system, and pacemaker systems that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities. in addition, in most geographies, we monitor device performance remotely, allowing for more frequent monitoring in order to guide treatment decisions.
our worldwide net sales of crm products were $1.850 billion for 2016, or approximately 22 percent of our consolidated net sales for the year. our worldwide net sales of crm products increased $43 million, or two percent, in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had a $17 million negative impact on our crm net sales in 2016, as compared to 2015, net sales of these products increased $60 million, or three percent. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by strong global pacemaker growth including the u.s. launch of the accoladetm family of magnetic resonance imaging (mri) safe pacemakers and the ingevitytm mri pacing lead in the u.s., global growth from our quadripolar cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemakers (crt-p), global s-icd sales growth and benefits from our sales collaboration agreement with preventice solutions, inc., (preventice). in the u.s., the fourth quarter of 2016 represented our second full quarter of u.s. mri pacemaker commercialization, the third quarter of commercialization for our acuitytm x4 quadripolar lv pacing lead in both the cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (crt-d) and crt-p franchises, and global commercialization of our emblemtm mri s-icd system. these combined launches more than offset lower volumes of replacement procedures for our defibrillators due to their extended longevity and pressure from competitor high voltage mri technologies primarily in the u.s. on april 30, 2015, we acquired a 27 percent ownership interest in preventice, which includes 18.5 percent of preventice's common stock. preventice is a privately-held company headquartered in minneapolis, mn, and a leading developer of mobile health solutions and services. in addition to the equity agreement, we entered into a commercial agreement with preventice, under which we became preventice's exclusive, worldwide sales and marketing representative. in october 2016, we notified preventice of our intent to terminate the commercial agreement and will transition the sales force back to preventice in 2017 under the terms of the agreement.
37
the following are the components of our crm net sales:
year ended
(in millions)                   december 31, 2016           december 31, 2015
defibrillator systems              $1,274                      $1,313
pacemaker systems       576                         494
crm products                       $1,850                      $1,807
electrophysiology our electrophysiology business develops less-invasive medical technologies used in the diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart. our leading products include the blazertm line of ablation catheters, designed to deliver enhanced performance and responsiveness, and the rhythmiatm mapping system, a next-generation, catheter-based, 3-d cardiac mapping and navigation solution designed to help diagnose and treat a variety of arrhythmias.
our worldwide net sales of electrophysiology products were $243 million for 2016, or approximately three percent of our consolidated net sales for the year. our worldwide net sales of electrophysiology products increased $10 million, or four percent, in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had a $3 million negative impact on our electrophysiology net sales in 2016, as compared to 2015, net sales of these products increased $13 million, or five percent. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by increased sales of our rhythmia mapping system and related products. in the first quarter of 2016, we initiated a full european launch of our blazer intellanavtm oi catheter which is used with our rhythmia mapping system and, in july of 2016, we received fda approval for this same catheter. in the second quarter of 2016, we received fda approval for intellanavtm xp and the intellanav mifitm xp navigation-enabled ablation catheters that are used with the rhythmia mapping system. we also received fda approval for our blazertm open irrigated system with atrial flutter indication and began full u.s. commercialization in the second quarter of 2016. our global roll-out of our rhythmia mapping system, including early europe commercialization of our next generation rhythmiatm hdx system late in the fourth quarter, along with continued global expansion of our new navigation enabled therapeutic catheter portfolio, will continue as we expand our global rhythmia installed base.
medsurg endoscopy our endoscopy division develops and manufactures devices to treat a variety of medical conditions including diseases of the digestive and pulmonary systems. our worldwide net sales of endoscopy products were $1.440 billion for 2016, or approximately 17 percent of our consolidated net sales for the year. our worldwide net sales of endoscopy products increased $134 million, or 10 percent, in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had a negative $9 million impact on our endoscopy net sales in 2016 as compared to 2015, net sales of these products increased $143 million, or 10 percent. this year-over-year increase was primarily driven by growth across several of our key product franchises, including our biliary device franchise with our spyglasstm ds direct visualization system and our axios stent and electrocautery-enhanced delivery system for endoscopic ultrasound-guided transmural drainage of pancreatic pseudocysts; our metal stent franchise driven by our biliary wallflex® product family; and our hemostasis franchise, featuring our resolutiontm and resolution 360tm clips. this increase also includes revenue of approximately $10 million with no prior year period related net sales, due to the endochoice acquisition in november 2016, as described below.
on november 22, 2016, we completed our acquisition of endochoice. endochoice is an alpharetta, georgia based company focused on the development and commercialization of infection control products, pathology services and single-use devices for specialists treating a wide range of gastrointestinal (gi) conditions. we began the process of integrating endochoice into our endoscopy business in the fourth quarter of 2016 and expect to be substantially complete by the end of 2017.
on november 1, 2016, we acquired the lumenrtm tissue retractor system from lumenr llc (lumenr), a privately held newark, california based company. the lumenrtm tissue retractor system is currently in development for use during endoscopic resection of lesions in the colon, esophagus or stomach.
on april 2, 2015, we acquired xlumena, inc. (xlumena), a medical device company that developed minimally invasive devices for endoscopic ultrasound (eus) guided transluminal drainage of targeted areas within the gastrointestinal tract. in 2016, we completed the integration of xlumena into our endoscopy business.
38
urology and pelvic health our urology and pelvic health division develops and manufactures devices to treat various urological and pelvic conditions, such as kidney stones, benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph), erectile dysfunction, male incontinence, pelvic floor disorders, abnormal uterine bleeding, and uterine fibroids and polyps. our worldwide net sales of urology and pelvic health products were $1.005 billion for 2016, or approximately 12 percent of our consolidated net sales for the year. our worldwide net sales of urology and pelvic health products increased $312 million, or 45 percent, in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had a negative $18 million impact on our urology and pelvic health net sales in 2016, as compared to 2015, net sales of these products increased $330 million, or 45 percent. this year-over-year increase was primarily attributable to revenue of approximately $226 million with no prior year period related net sales, due to the ams portfolio acquisition in august 2015, along with growth across all of our other global franchises, including our pelvic floor franchise as a result of market share gains primarily driven by a competitor exiting the market during the first quarter of 2016.
on november 15, 2016, we completed the acquisition of the gynecology and urology portfolio of distal access, llc (distal), a salt lake city based company that designs minimally invasive medical devices. the portfolio includes the resectrtm tissue resection device, a single-use solution designed to remove uterine polyps. we began the process of integrating the resectr device into our urology and pelvic health business during the fourth quarter of 2016 and expect to be substantially complete by the end of 2017.
on august 3, 2015, we completed the acquisition of the american medical systems male urology portfolio (ams portfolio acquisition), which includes the men's health and prostate health businesses, from endo international plc. the ams male urology portfolio was integrated with our formerly named urology and women's health business, and the joint businesses became urology and pelvic health. the integration was substantially complete by the end of 2016.
neuromodulation our neuromodulation business offers the precisiontm, precision spectratm, precision montagetm and precision novitm spinal cord stimulator (scs) systems, used for the management of chronic pain, and our vercisetm deep brain stimulation (dbs) system in various international regions such as europe, latin america and asia pacific for the treatment of parkinson's disease, tremor and intractable primary and secondary dystonia, a neurological movement disorder characterized by involuntary muscle contractions. our worldwide net sales of neuromodulation products were $556 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, or approximately seven percent of our consolidated net sales for the year ended december 31, 2016. our worldwide net sales of neuromodulation products increased $55 million, or 11 percent, in 2016, as compared to 2015. excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had a negative $7 million impact on our neuromodulation net sales in 2016, as compared to 2015, net sales of these products increased $62 million, or 12 percent. the year-over-year increase was primarily driven by share gains from our montagetm system, continued adoption of the precision spectratm scs system in the u.s. and increased net sales in europe, driven by our vercisetm dbs systems and non-rechargeable precision novitm scs system.
on july 27, 2016, we acquired cosman medical, inc. (cosman), a privately held manufacturer of radiofrequency ablation systems, expanding our neuromodulation portfolio and offering physicians treating patients with chronic pain a wider choice of non-opioid therapeutic options. we are in the process of integrating cosman into our neuromodulation business, and expect the integration to be substantially complete by the end of 2017.
emerging markets as part of our strategic imperatives to drive global expansion, described in item 1 of this annual report, we are seeking to grow net sales and market share by expanding our global presence, including in emerging markets. we define emerging markets as including 20 countries that we believe have strong growth potential based on their economic conditions, healthcare sectors, and our global capabilities. we are seeking to expand our presence and strengthen relationships in order to grow net sales and market share within our emerging markets, and we have increased our investment in infrastructure in these countries in order to maximize opportunities. our emerging markets revenue grew nine percent, as compared to the prior year, and was approximately 10 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2016. excluding the impact from changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which had a negative impact of 11 percent, net sales in these markets grew 20 percent.
39
results of operations net sales we manage our global businesses on a constant currency basis, and we manage market risk from currency exchange rate changes at the corporate level. management excludes the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates for purposes of reviewing revenue growth rates to facilitate an evaluation of current operating performance and comparison to past operating performance. to calculate revenue growth rates that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we convert current period and prior period net sales from local currency to u.s. dollars using standard internal currency exchange rates held constant for each year.
the following table provides our net sales by global business and the relative change on an as reported and constant currency basis. the constant currency growth rates in the tables below can be recalculated from our net sales presented in note o - segment reporting to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8 of this annual report. net sales that exclude the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and net sales from divested businesses are not financial measures prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a replacement for, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure. refer to additional information of this item 7 for a further discussion of management's use of this non-gaap financial measure.
2016 versus 2015                  2015 versus 2014
year ended         as reported      constant         as reported      constant december 31,            currency      currency            currency      currency basis         basis               basis         basis
(in millions)                        2016            2015            2014
interventional cardiology      $2,281          $2,033          $2,057              12       %     13   %             (1      )%      7   %
peripheral interventions        1,011             904             850              12       %     12   %              6       %     13   %
cardiovascular                  3,292           2,937           2,907              12       %     12   %              1       %      9   %
cardiac rhythm management       1,850           1,807           1,912               2       %      3   %             (5      )%      1   %
electrophysiology                 243             233             227               4       %      5   %              2       %      9   %
rhythm management               2,093           2,040           2,139               3       %      3   %             (5      )%      1   %
endoscopy                       1,440           1,306           1,323              10       %     10   %             (1      )%      6   %
urology and pelvic health       1,005             693             535              45       %     45   %             30       %     36   %
neuromodulation                   556             501             472              11       %     12   %              6       %      8   %
medsurg                         3,001           2,500           2,330              20       %     20   %              7       %     13   %
subtotal core businesses        8,386           7,477           7,376              12       %     12   %              1       %      8   %
divested businesses                 -               -               4             n/a            n/a                n/a            n/a net sales                      $8,386          $7,477          $7,380              12       %     12   %              1       %      8   %
refer to executive summary for further discussion of our net sales and a comparison of our 2016 and 2015 net sales.
in 2015, we generated net sales of $7.477 billion, as compared to $7.380 billion in 2014, an increase of $97 million, or one percent. our net sales were unfavorably impacted by $505 million from foreign currency fluctuations in 2015 as compared to 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency and sales from divested businesses, our net sales increased $606 million, or eight percent, as compared to the prior year. this increase was due primarily to constant currency increases in net sales from our urology and pelvic health business of $193 million, primarily due to the ams portfolio acquisition; from our interventional cardiology business of $150 million; from our peripheral interventions business of $114 million; and from our endoscopy business of $79 million.
40
gross profit our gross profit was $5.962 billion in 2016, $5.304 billion in 2015, and $5.170 billion in 2014. as a percentage of net sales, our gross profit increased to 71.1 percent in 2016, as compared to 70.9 percent in 2015 and 70.1 percent in 2014. the following is a reconciliation of our gross profit margins and a description of the drivers of the change from period to period:
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                       2015
gross profit - prior year                                               70.9   %     70.1   %
manufacturing cost reductions                                            2.0   %      1.8   %
sales pricing and mix                                                   (0.1   )%    (0.6   )%
inventory step-up due to acquisition accounting                         (0.2   )%    (0.4   )%
net impact of foreign currency                                          (0.9   )%     0.5   %
all other, including other inventory charges and other period expense   (0.6   )%    (0.5   )%
gross profit - current year                                             71.1   %     70.9   %
the primary factor contributing to the increase in our gross profit margin for 2016, as compared to 2015, was the positive impact of cost reductions as a result of our restructuring and other process improvement programs. partially offsetting these factors was the net negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and other inventory charges and period expenses. the increase in our gross profit margin for 2015, as compared to 2014, primarily resulted from manufacturing cost reductions as a result of our restructuring and other process improvement programs. partially offsetting these factors was the net negative impact of pricing declines related primarily to sales of our drug-eluting stent and crm products. in addition, in connection with the accounting for the ams portfolio acquisition, we adjusted acquired inventory from manufacturing cost to fair value. the step-up in value is amortized through gross profit over an average estimated inventory turnover period. we recorded increased cost of $22 million in 2016 and $36 million in 2015 associated with the step-up.
operating expenses the following table provides a summary of certain of our operating expenses:
year ended december 31,
2016                           2015                           2014
% of net                       % of net                       % of net
(in millions)                                                        $sales                         $sales                         $sales selling, general and administrative expenses       3,099        37.0      %       2,873        38.4      %       2,902        39.3      %
research and development expenses                    920        11.0      %         876        11.7      %         817        11.1      %
royalty expense                                       79         0.9      %          70         0.9      %         111         1.5      %
selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses in 2016, our sg&a expenses increased $226 million, or eight percent, as compared to 2015, and were 140 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. this decrease in sg&a as a percentage of sales was primarily driven by the benefit of our targeted initiatives focused on reducing sg&a, as well as the reduction in expenses resulting from the suspension of the medical device excise tax, which was substantially reinvested into our strategic growth initiatives. the medical device excise tax was temporarily suspended in december 2015 through december 31, 2017.
in 2015, our sg&a expenses decreased $29 million, or one percent, as compared to 2014, and were 90 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. this decrease was driven by the impacts of our foreign currency fluctuations and declines in spending as a result of our restructuring and other cost reduction initiatives. we recorded $78 million in 2015 and $72 million in 2014 related to the medical device excise tax.
41
research and development (r&d) expenses we remain committed to advancing medical technologies and investing in meaningful research and development projects across our businesses. in 2016, our r&d expenses increased $44 million, or five percent, as compared to 2015, and were 70 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. in 2015, our r&d expenses increased $59 million, or seven percent, as compared to 2014, and were 60 basis points higher as a percentage of net sales. the year-over-year increase in expenses was due primarily to investments across all of our businesses in order to maintain a healthy pipeline of new products that we believe will contribute to profitable sales growth and increased cost related to recent acquisitions and alliances, partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
royalty expense in 2016, our royalty expense increased $9 million, or 13 percent, as compared to 2015 and remained flat at approximately one percent of net sales for both periods. the increase in royalty expense was primarily due to increases in net sales of our drug-eluting coronary stent systems in 2016.
in 2015, our royalty expense decreased $41 million, or 37 percent, as compared to 2014, and was 60 basis points lower as a percentage of net sales. the decrease relates primarily to the renegotiation of a royalty agreement in the second quarter of 2014 that resulted in a lower royalty rate structure.
amortization expense our amortization expense was $545 million in 2016, as compared to $495 million in 2015, an increase of $50 million or 10 percent. amortization expense was $495 million in 2015, as compared to $438 million in 2014, an increase of $57 million or 13 percent. the increases in each period were primarily due to amortizable intangible assets acquired in the ams portfolio acquisition on august 3, 2015.
amortization expense is excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance.
intangible asset impairment charges we have recorded intangible asset impairment charges, including impairments of in-process research and development, of $11 million in 2016, $19 million in 2015 and $195 million in 2014.
see note d - goodwill and other intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for additional details related to our intangible asset impairment charges.
refer to critical accounting estimates for a discussion of key assumptions used in our goodwill and intangible asset impairment testing and future events that could have a negative impact on the recoverability of our goodwill and amortizable intangible assets. intangible asset impairment charges are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance and assessing liquidity.
contingent consideration expense we recorded a net expense related to the change in fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities of $29 million in 2016, a net expense of $123 million in 2015 and a net benefit of $85 million in 2014. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8 of this annual report for additional details related to our contingent consideration expenses.
contingent consideration expense is excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance.
restructuring-related activities and charges we recorded restructuring charges pursuant to our restructuring plans of $28 million during 2016, $26 million during 2015, and $69 million during 2014. in addition, we recorded expenses within other lines of our accompanying consolidated statements of operations related to our restructuring initiatives of $50 million during 2016, $57 million during 2015, and $48 million during 2014. restructuring and restructuring-related costs are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance.
the 2016 restructuring plan is expected to result in total pre-tax charges of approximately $175 million to $225 million and reduce gross annual expenses by approximately $115 million to $150 million by the end of 2020 as program benefits are realized. the
42
2014 restructuring plan resulted in total pre-tax charges of $261 million and will reduce annual expenses by approximately $200 million. we expect a substantial portion of the savings to be reinvested in strategic growth initiatives.
we made cash payments of $82 million in 2016, $95 million in 2015, and $112 million in 2014 associated with our restructuring initiatives.
see note h - restructuring-related activities to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for additional details on our restructuring plans.
litigation-related charges and credits we recorded net litigation-related charges in the amount of $804 million in 2016, $1.105 billion in 2015, and $1.036 billion in 2014. the net charges recorded in 2016 include primarily amounts related to transvaginal surgical mesh product liability cases and claims. the net charges recorded in 2015 include amounts primarily related to transvaginal surgical mesh product liability cases and claims and the charge related to the mirowski family venture llc (mirowski) lawsuit following a jury verdict that guidant corporation (guidant) breached their license agreement with mirowski. the net charges recorded in 2014 include a $600 million charge related to the agreement between our subsidiary, guidant and johnson & johnson signed on february 13, 2015, to settle the breach of merger agreement lawsuit brought by johnson & johnson, stemming from our acquisition of guidant. in exchange, we made aggregate payments totaling $600 million to johnson & johnson during 2015. the 2014 net charges also include amounts related to transvaginal surgical mesh product liability cases and claims and certain other items.
litigation related charges and credits are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance.
we continue to assess certain litigation and claims to determine the amounts, if any, that management believes will be paid as a result of such claims and litigation and, therefore, additional losses may be accrued and paid in the future, which could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and/or our ability to comply with our debt covenants. refer to note k - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8 of this annual report for additional discussion of our material legal proceedings.
pension termination charges we recorded pension termination charges of $44 million during 2015 associated with the termination of the guidant retirement plan, a frozen defined benefit plan. we do not expect to incur any additional charges in the future related to the termination of the guidant retirement plan.
the pension termination charges are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance.
gain on divestiture in january 2011, we closed the sale of our neurovascular business to stryker corporation. we recorded a pre-tax gain of $12 million during 2014 associated with the transaction. these divestiture-related gains are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance.
interest expense our interest expense was $233 million in 2016 with an average borrowing rate of 4.0 percent, as compared to $284 million in 2015, with an average borrowing rate of 5.2 percent. interest expense in 2015 included a pre-tax charge of approximately $45 million associated with debt extinguishment charges, representing premiums, accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs and investor discount costs net of interest rate hedge gains related to the early extinguishment of $1.000 billion of debt during the second quarter of 2015.
our interest expense was $284 million in 2015, with an average borrowing rate of 5.2 percent, as compared to $216 million in 2014, with an average borrowing rates of 4.8 percent. the increase was primarily due to the pre-tax charge of approximately $45 million associated with debt extinguishment charges, along with incremental debt to finance the ams portfolio acquisition offset by savings from refinancing our senior notes.
debt extinguishment charges are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance. refer to liquidity and capital resources, note e - fair value measurements and note f - borrowings and credit arrangements to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8 of this annual report for information regarding our debt obligations.
43
other, net our other, net reflected expense of $37 million in 2016, expense of $39 million in 2015, and income of $8 million in 2014. the following are the components of other, net:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                       2016                       2015           2014
interest income                              $5             $5             $5
foreign currency losses                     (13    )       (21    )       (18    )
net gains (losses) on investments           (21    )        (9    )        27
other expense, net                           (8    )       (14    )        (6    )
$(37    )      $(39    )        $8
during 2016, we recognized net losses of $21 million due to equity method adjustments on investments and investment impairments which were partially offset by a gain on our neovasc investment. during 2015, we recognized net losses of $9 million due to equity method adjustments on investments and investment impairments. during 2014, we recognized gains of $19 million associated with the acquisition of iogyn, inc. related to previously held investments and other net gains related to our investment portfolio of $8 million. the acquisition-related gains from previously held investments are excluded by management for purposes of evaluating operating performance. refer to note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8 of this annual report for information regarding our strategic investments.
tax rate the following table provides a summary of our reported tax rate:
year endeddecember 31,
2016          2015          2014
reported tax rate                          (95.9    )%    63.2   %      76.7   %
impact of certain receipts/charges*        108.3     %   (53.5   )%    (64.5   )%
12.4     %     9.7   %      12.2   %
*these receipts/charges are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate.
the change in our reported tax rate for 2016, as compared to 2015 and 2014, relates primarily to the impact of certain receipts and charges that are taxed at different rates than our effective tax rate, including intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition-related net charges, contingent consideration, litigation-related net charges, restructuring-related net charges, pension termination charges and debt extinguishment charges, as well as the impact of certain discrete tax items.
in 2016, these receipts and charges included intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition-related net charges, litigation-related net charges and restructuring-related net charges. our reported tax rate for 2016 was also affected by discrete items primarily related to the resolution of various uncertain tax positions through settlement or expiration of statute, offset by a charge related to changes in state apportionment.
in 2015, these receipts and charges included intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition-related net charges, litigation-related net charges, restructuring-related net charges, pension termination charges, and debt extinguishment charges. our reported tax rate for 2015 was also affected by discrete items primarily related to benefits due to settlement of various uncertain tax positions and reinstatement of certain tax legislation that has been retroactively applied.
in 2014, these receipts and charges included intangible asset impairment charges, acquisition- and divestiture-related net charges, litigation-related net charges and restructuring-related net charges. our reported tax rate for 2014 was also affected by discrete tax items primarily related to resolution of various uncertain tax positions resulting from the expiration of the statute of limitations for assessing tax in certain jurisdictions and benefit due to change in uncertain tax positions due to a favorable court ruling, offset by a charge due to translation gain on previously taxed income.
we are contesting in u.s. tax court significant proposed adjustments from the internal revenue service (irs) related to its audit of our transfer pricing methodologies for the 2001 through 2007 tax years. the irs also proposed similar transfer pricing adjustments for the 2008 through 2010 tax years. we disagree with the transfer pricing methodologies being applied by the irs
44
and we were scheduled to go to trial in the u.s. tax court in late july 2016. on july 19, 2016, we entered a stipulation of settled issues with the irs intended to resolve all of the aforementioned transfer pricing issues, as well as issues related to our transaction with abbott, for the 2001 through 2007 tax years. the stipulation of settled issues is contingent upon the irs office of appeals (irs appeals) applying the same basis of settlement to all transfer pricing issues for the company's 2008, 2009, and 2010 tax years, and if applicable, review by the united states congress joint committee on taxation. in october 2016, we reached an agreement in principle with irs appeals as to the resolution of the transfer pricing issues in 2008, 2009, and 2010 tax years, subject to additional calculations of tax as well as documentation to memorialize our agreement. in the event that the conditions in the stipulation of settled items are satisfied, we expect to make net tax payments of approximately $275 million, plus interest through the date of payment. if finalized, payments related to the resolution are expected in the next nine to 18 months. we believe that our income tax reserves associated with these matters are adequate as of december 31, 2016 and we do not expect to recognize any additional charges related to resolution of this controversy. however, the final resolution of these issues is contingent and if the stipulation of settled issues is not finalized, it could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
see note j - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for additional details on our tax rate and our tax litigation.
liquidity and capital resources based on our current business plan, we believe our existing balance of cash and cash equivalents, future cash generated from operations and access to capital markets and credit facilities will be sufficient to fund our operations, invest in our infrastructure, pay our legal-related liabilities, pay taxes due, fund possible mergers and/or acquisitions and service and repay our existing debt. please refer to our contractual obligations and commitments table for additional details on our future payment obligations and commitments.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $196 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand, comprised of $42 million invested in money market and government funds and $154 million in short-term time deposits and interest bearing and non-interest bearing bank accounts. we invest excess cash on hand in short-term financial instruments that earn market interest rates while mitigating principal risk through instrument and counterparty diversification, as well as what we believe to be prudent instrument selection. we limit our direct exposure to securities in any one industry or issuer. we also have full access to our $2.000 billion revolving credit facility and $240 million of available borrowings under our credit and security facility secured by our u.s. trade receivables as of december 31, 2016, both described below.
the following provides a summary and description of our net cash inflows (outflows) for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                      2016                         2015             2014
cash provided by operating activities                     $972             $600           $1,269
cash used for investing activities                        (887    )      (2,186    )        (745    )
cash provided by (used for) financing activities          (206    )       1,322             (150    )
operating activities during 2016, cash provided by operating activities was $972 million, as compared to $600 million in 2015, an increase of $372 million or 62 percent. this increase was primarily driven by the increase in net income for 2016 compared to 2015, partially offset by approximately $100 million increase in litigation-related payments. during 2016, we made litigation-related payments primarily associated with the transvaginal surgical mesh product liability cases and to mirowski.
refer to note k - commitments and contingencies for additional information on litigation-related matters.
during 2015, we generated $600 million of cash from operating activities, as compared to $1.269 billion in 2014, a decrease of $669 million, or 53 percent. this decrease was primarily due to the $600 million of payments to johnson & johnson.
45
investing activities during 2016, cash used for investing activities was $887 million. our investing activities primarily included $408 million of payments, net of cash acquired, for acquisitions including cosman, endochoice, lumenr, distal and neovasc; along with $376 million in purchases of property, plant and equipment and $132 million of payments related to strategic investments, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of one of two buildings located in quincy, massachusetts for $29 million. we intend to invest approximately $300 million in purchases of property, plant and equipment during 2017.
during 2015, cash used for investing activities was $2.186 billion. our investing activities included $1.734 billion of payments net of cash acquired, for acquisitions, including the ams portfolio acquisition, celonova and xlumena; along with $266 million of payments related to strategic investments, including equity investments in preventice, inc. and frankenman medical equipment company. cash used for investing activities also included purchases of property, plant and equipment of $247 million.
during 2014, cash used for investing activities was $745 million. our investing activities included $486 million of payments, net of cash acquired, for acquisitions including iogyn and the interventional division of bayer ag; along with purchases of property, plant and equipment of $259 million.
financing activities our cash flows from financing activities reflect issuances and repayments of debt, payments of acquisition-related contingent consideration, and cash used to new share settle and stock issuances related to our equity incentive programs, as discussed in note l - stockholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report. additionally, our financing activities included $65 million of contingent payments in 2016, $156 million of payments in 2015 and $34 million of payments in 2014 associated with our previous acquisitions.
our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report, some of which are outside our control. macroeconomic conditions, adverse litigation outcomes and other risk and uncertainties could limit our ability to successfully execute our business plans and adversely affect our liquidity plans.
debt we had total debt of $5.484 billion as of december 31, 2016 and $5.677 billion as of december 31, 2015 which consisted of the following:
revolving credit facility in april 2015, we entered into a new $2.000 billion revolving credit facility (the 2015 facility) with a global syndicate of commercial banks and terminated our previous $2.000 billion revolving credit facility. the 2015 facility matures in april 2020. there were no amounts borrowed under our current or prior revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2016 or december 31, 2015.
term loans as of december 31, 2016, we had an aggregate $750 million outstanding under our unsecured term loan facilities and $1.000 billion outstanding under these facilities as of december 31, 2015. these facilities include an unsecured term loan facility entered into in august 2013 (2013 term loan) which had $150 million outstanding as of december 31, 2016 and $250 million outstanding as of december 31, 2015, along with an unsecured term loan credit facility entered into in april 2015 (2015 term loan) which had $600 million outstanding as of december 31, 2016 and $750 million outstanding as of december 31, 2015.
our revolving credit facility and our term loan facilities require that we maintain certain financial covenants as outlined in note f - borrowings and credit arrangements to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 8 of this annual report. as of and through december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with the required covenants. any inability to maintain compliance with these covenants could require us to seek to renegotiate the terms of our credit facility or seek waivers from compliance with these covenants, both of which could result in additional borrowing costs. further, there can be no assurance that our lenders would agree to such new terms or grant such waivers.
senior notes we had senior notes outstanding of $4.650 billion as of december 31, 2016 and as of december 31, 2015. our senior notes were issued in public offerings, are redeemable prior to maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund requirements. our senior notes are unsecured, unsubordinated obligations and rank on parity with each other. these notes are effectively junior to borrowings under our credit and security facility, to the extent if borrowed by our subsidiaries, and to liabilities of our subsidiaries.
46
on january 12, 2017, we used our existing credit facilities to repay the $250 million plus interest of our senior notes due in january 2017.
the debt maturity schedule for the significant components of our debt obligations as of december 31, 2016 is as follows:
(in millions)          2017              2018              2019                2020   2021            thereafter                    total senior notes       $250              $600                $-              $1,450           $-          $2,350                   $4,650
term loans            -               225               150                 375           -           -                 750
$250              $825              $150              $1,825           $-          $2,350                   $5,400
note:   the table above does not include unamortized discounts associated with our senior notes, or amounts related to interest rate contracts used to hedge the fair value of certain of our senior notes or debt issuance costs.
other arrangements we maintained a $300 million credit and security facility secured by our u.s. trade receivables maturing on june 9, 2017. we had borrowings of $60 million outstanding under this facility as of december 31, 2016 and no borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2015. on february 7, 2017, we amended the terms of this credit and security facility, including increasing the facility size to $400 million. this amendment retained a similar maximum leverage ratio requirement and extended the facility maturity to february 2019.
we also have accounts receivable factoring programs in certain european countries that we account for as sales under financial accounting standards board (fasb) accounting standards codification® (asc) topic 860, transfers and servicing. these agreements provide for the sale of accounts receivable to third parties, without recourse, of up to approximately $391 million as of december 31, 2016. we de-recognized $152 million of receivables as of december 31, 2016 at an average interest rate of 1.8 percent, and $151 million as of december 31, 2015 at an average interest rate of 2.4 percent.
in addition, we have uncommitted credit facilities with a commercial japanese bank that provide for borrowings, promissory notes discounting and receivables factoring of up to 21.000 billion japanese yen (approximately $180 million as of december 31, 2016). we de-recognized $149 million of notes receivable as of december 31, 2016 at an average interest rate of 1.6 percent and $132 million of notes receivable as of december 31, 2015 at an average interest rate of 1.6 percent. de-recognized accounts and notes are excluded from trade accounts receivable, net in the accompanying audited consolidated balance sheets.
we had outstanding letters of credit of $44 million as of december 31, 2016 and as of december 31, 2015. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, none of the beneficiaries had drawn upon the letters of credit or guarantees. we believe we will generate sufficient cash from operations to fund these arrangements and intend to fund these arrangements without drawing on the letters of credit, for additional details related to our debt, including our revolving credit facility, term loans, senior notes and other arrangements, see note f - borrowings and credit arrangements to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report.
equity during 2016 we received $111 million in proceeds from stock issuances related to our stock option and employee stock purchase plans, as compared to $114 million in 2015 and $60 million 2014. proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options and employee stock purchases vary from period to period based upon, among other factors, fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock and in the exercise and stock purchase patterns of employees.
we repurchased 10 million shares for $125 million during 2014. no share repurchases were made in 2016 or 2015. as of december 31, 2016, we had remaining approximately $535 million authorized under our 2013 share repurchase program. there were approximately 248 million shares in treasury as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015.
stock-based compensation expense related to our stock ownership plans was $116 million in 2016, $107 million in 2015, and $103 million in 2014. stock-based compensation expense varies from period to period based upon, among other factors: the timing, number and fair value of awards granted during the period; forfeiture levels related to unvested awards; and employee contributions to our employee stock purchase plan.
47
contractual obligations and commitments the following table provides a summary of certain information concerning our obligations and commitments to make future payments, and is based on conditions in existence as of december 31, 2016.
(in millions)                                  2017                2018              2019                2020              2021            thereafter               total long-term debt obligations                 $250                $825              $150              $1,825                $-              $2,350                $5,400
interest payments (1)                       224                 216               194                 151               111                 899                 1,795
lease obligations (1)                        66                  60                42                  34                25                  64                   291
purchase obligations (1)                    321                  52                39                  19                12                  15                   458
minimum royalty obligations (1)               1                   2                 1                   2                 1                   1                     8
legal reserves                            1,062                   -                 -                   -                 -                   -                 1,062
unrecognized tax benefits (2)               577                   -                 -                   -                 -                   -                   577
$2,501              $1,155              $426              $2,031              $149              $3,329                $9,591
(1)   in accordance with u.s. gaap, these obligations relate to expenses associated with future periods and are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
(2)   includes accrued interest and penalties and other related items.
the amounts in the table above with respect to lease obligations represent amounts pursuant to contractual arrangements for the lease of property, plant and equipment used in the normal course of business. purchase obligations relate primarily to non-cancellable inventory commitments and capital expenditures entered in the normal course of business. royalty obligations reported above represent minimum contractual obligations under our current royalty agreements. the table above does not include $584 million of unrecognized tax benefits and $197 million of accrued interest and penalties, and other related items because the timing of their future cash settlement is uncertain. refer to note j - income taxes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for more information on these unrecognized tax benefits. in addition, the table above does not reflect our accrual for legal matters that are probable and estimable of $961 million due to the timing of payment being uncertain. refer to note k - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for more information on our legal accrual.
with certain of our acquisitions, we acquired in-process research and development projects that require future funding to complete the projects. the primary basis for determining the technological feasibility or completion of these projects is obtaining regulatory approval to market the underlying products in an applicable geographic region. we estimate that the total remaining cost to complete the in-process research and development projects we acquired is between $25 million and $50 million. net cash inflows from the projects currently in development are expected to commence in 2017 through 2030, following the respective launches of these technologies in the u.s., europe and japan. certain of our acquisitions also involve the potential payment of contingent consideration. the table above does not reflect any such obligations, as the timing and amounts are uncertain. see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for the estimated maximum potential amount of future contingent consideration we could be required to pay associated with prior acquisitions and the fair value of our contingent consideration liabilities as of december 31, 2016.
legal matters for a discussion of our material legal proceedings see note k - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report.
critical accounting policies and estimates our financial results are affected by the selection and application of accounting policies and methods. we have adopted accounting policies to prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap.
to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management makes estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported amounts of our assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities as of the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of our revenues and expenses during the reporting period. our actual results may differ from these estimates. we consider estimates to be critical if (i) we are required to make assumptions about material matters that are uncertain at the time of estimation or if (ii) materially different estimates could have been made or it is reasonably likely that the accounting estimate will change from period to period. the following are areas considered to be critical and require management's
48
judgment: revenue recognition, bad debt reserves, inventory provisions, valuation of contingent consideration liabilities and intangible assets, goodwill valuation, legal and product liability accruals and income taxes.
see note a - significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for additional information related to our accounting policies and our consideration of these critical accounting areas. in addition, see note b - acquisitions and strategic investments and note d - goodwill and other intangible assets for further discussion on the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets and contingent consideration; note j - income taxes for further discussion on income tax related matters and note k - commitments and contingencies for further discussion on legal and product liability matters.
revenue recognition we generally allow our customers to return defective, damaged and, in certain cases, expired products for credit. we base our estimate for sales returns upon historical trends and record these amounts as a reduction of revenue when we sell the initial product. in addition, we may allow customers to return previously purchased products for next-generation product offerings. for these transactions, we defer recognition of revenue on the sale of the earlier generation product based upon an estimate of the amount to be returned when the next-generation products are shipped to the customer. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to sales returns and could cause actual returns to differ from these estimates.
many of our crm product offerings combine the sale of a device with our latitudetm patient management system, which represents a future service obligation. for revenue arrangements with multiple deliverables, where the sale of a device is combined with a future service obligation, we defer revenue on the undelivered element and recognize this revenue over the related service period. generally, we do not have vendor specific objective evidence of selling price available related to our future service obligations; therefore, we determine our estimates of selling price using third party evidence when available; otherwise, we use our best estimate of selling price. we allocate arrangement consideration using the relative selling price method. the use of alternative estimates of fair value could result in a different amount of revenue deferral.
inventory provisions we base our provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory primarily on our estimates of forecasted net sales. a significant change in the timing or level of demand for our products as compared to forecasted amounts may result in recording additional provisions for excess, expired and obsolete inventory in the future. further, the industry in which we participate is characterized by rapid product development and frequent new product introductions. uncertain timing of next-generation product approvals, variability in product launch strategies, product recalls and variation in product utilization all affect our estimates related to excess, expired and obsolete inventory.
valuation of intangible assets and contingent consideration liabilities we base the fair value of identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination, including in-process research and development, on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management, which consider management's best estimates of inputs and assumptions that a market participant would use. further, for those arrangements that involve potential future contingent consideration, we record on the date of acquisition a liability equal to the fair value of the estimated additional consideration we may be obligated to make in the future. we re-measure this liability each reporting period and record changes in the fair value through a separate line item within our consolidated statements of operations. increases or decreases in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability can result from changes in discount periods and rates, as well as changes in the timing and amount of revenue estimates or in the timing or likelihood of achieving regulatory, revenue or commercialization-based milestones. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections; growth rates; cash flows and discount rates and alternative estimated useful life assumptions, or probabilities surrounding the achievement of clinical, regulatory or revenue-based milestones could result in different purchase price allocations, amortization expense, and contingent consideration expense in current and future periods.
we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment or a change in the remaining useful life. if an impairment indicator exists, we test the intangible asset for recoverability. if the carrying value of the intangible asset is not recoverable, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. we calculate fair value of our intangible assets as the present value of estimated future cash flows we expect to generate from the asset using a risk-adjusted discount rate. the use of alternative assumptions, including estimated cash flows, discount rates, and alternative estimated remaining useful lives could result in different calculations of impairment. in addition, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment and reassess their classification as indefinite-lived assets, or more frequently if change in circumstance or indicators exist. we
49
assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that our indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired. if we conclude that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we then determine the fair value of the intangible asset and perform the quantitative impairment test by comparing the fair value with the carrying value in accordance with fasb asc topic 350, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350). if the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we write the carrying value down to the fair value.
goodwill valuation we allocate any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired in a business combination to goodwill. we test our goodwill balances during the second quarter of each year for impairment, or more frequently if indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest that impairment may exist. we assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, referred to as a component. in 2016, we identified six operating segments including interventional cardiology, peripheral interventions, rhythm management, endoscopy, urology and pelvic health, and neuromodulation for purposes of identifying our reporting units. we then assessed whether any components of these segments constitute a business for which discrete financial information is available and where segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. we identified rhythm management as having two components: cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology.
for our 2016, 2015 and 2014 annual impairment assessment we identified seven reporting units, which align to our seven core businesses: interventional cardiology, peripheral interventions, cardiac rhythm management, electrophysiology, endoscopy, urology and pelvic health and neuromodulation. for our 2016 annual impairment assessment we aggregated the cardiac rhythm management and electrophysiology reporting units, components of the rhythm management operating segment, based on the criteria prescribed in fasb asc topic 350. these reporting units were aggregated due to a reorganization that commenced in 2015 that resulted in integrated leadership, shared resources and consolidation of certain sites in 2016.
in performing the goodwill impairment assessment, we utilize both the optional qualitative assessment and the two-step approach prescribed under fasb asc topic 350. beginning in 2016, the qualitative assessment was used for testing certain reporting units where fair value has historically exceeded carrying value by greater than 100%. all other reporting units were tested using the two-step approach described below. the qualitative assessment requires an evaluation of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount based on an assessment of relevant events including macroeconomic factors, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance and other entity-specific factors. after assessing the totality of events, if it is determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the first and second steps of the goodwill impairment test are unnecessary. if it is determined that impairment is more likely than not, then we perform the first step of the two-step impairment test. in 2016, for all reporting units tested using the optional qualitative assessment, we concluded that it was not necessary to perform the first step of the two-step goodwill impairment test. the first step requires a comparison of the carrying value of the reporting units to the fair value of these units.
for our 2016, 2015 and 2014 annual impairment assessment, for those reporting units for which a quantitative test was performed, we used only the income approach, specifically the discounted cash flow (dcf) method, to derive the fair value of each of our reporting units in preparing our goodwill impairment assessments. this approach calculates fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to a reporting unit and then discounting these after-tax cash flows to a present value using a risk-adjusted discount rate. we selected this method as being the most meaningful in preparing our goodwill assessments because we believe the income approach most appropriately measures our income producing assets. we have considered using the market approach and cost approach but concluded they are not appropriate in valuing our reporting units given the lack of relevant market comparisons available for application of the market approach and the inability to replicate the value of the specific technology-based assets within our reporting units for application of the cost approach. therefore, we believe that the income approach represents the most appropriate valuation technique for which sufficient data are available to determine the fair value of our reporting units.
in applying the income approach to our accounting for goodwill, we make assumptions about the amount and timing of future expected cash flows, terminal value growth rates and appropriate discount rates. the amount and timing of future cash flows within our dcf analysis is based on our most recent operational budgets, long range strategic plans and other estimates. the terminal value growth rate is used to calculate the value of cash flows beyond the last projected period in our dcf analysis and reflects our best estimates for stable, perpetual growth of our reporting units. we use estimates of market-participant risk-adjusted weighted-average cost of capital (wacc) as a basis for determining the discount rates to apply to our reporting units' future expected cash flows.
if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we then perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any. if the carrying value of a reporting unit is zero or negative, we evaluate whether
50
it is more likely than not that a goodwill impairment exists. if we determine adverse qualitative factors exist that would indicate it is more likely than not an impairment exists, we then perform the second step of the goodwill test. the second step of the goodwill impairment test compares the estimated fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill to its carrying value.
although we use consistent methodologies in developing the assumptions and estimates underlying the fair value calculations used in our impairment tests, these estimates are uncertain by nature and can vary from actual results. the use of alternative valuation assumptions, including estimated revenue projections, growth rates, cash flows and discount rates could result in different fair value estimates.
in the second quarter of 2016, we performed our annual goodwill impairment test for all of our reporting units and concluded the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. because our global electrophysiology reporting unit was identified as being at higher risk of potential goodwill impairment during our 2015 annual test, it was tested for impairment on a stand-alone basis in the second quarter of 2016, immediately prior to aggregating it with our global cardiac rhythm management reporting unit. the fair value of the stand-alone global electrophysiology reporting unit exceeded the carrying value by approximately 36 percent. in comparison, the global electrophysiology reporting unit had excess fair value of approximately 28 percent as of our 2015 annual test. as of the date of our 2016 annual goodwill impairment test, the aggregated global electrophysiology and cardiac rhythm management operating segment (rhythm management) had excess fair value over carrying value of approximately 70 percent and held $292 million of allocated goodwill. as such, it was not deemed at higher risk of future impairment. changes in our reporting units or in the structure of our business as a result of future reorganizations, acquisitions or divestitures of assets or businesses could result in future impairments of goodwill within our reporting units.
refer to note d - goodwill and other intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements contained in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details related to our annual goodwill impairment tests.
legal and product liability accruals in the normal course of business, we are involved in various legal and regulatory proceedings, including intellectual property, breach of contract, securities litigation and product liability suits. in some cases, the claimants seek damages, as well as other relief, which, if granted, could require significant expenditures or impact our ability to sell our products. we accrue anticipated costs of settlement, damages, losses for product liability claims and, under certain conditions, costs of defense, based on historical experience or to the extent specific losses are probable and estimable. otherwise, we expense these costs as incurred. if the estimate of a probable loss is a range and no amount within the range is more likely, we accrue the minimum amount of the range. litigation and product liability matters are inherently uncertain and the outcomes of individual matters are difficult to predict and quantify. as such, significant judgment is required in determining our legal and product liability accruals. our estimates related to our legal and product liability accruals may change as additional information becomes available to us, including information related to the nature or existence of claims against us; trial court or appellate proceedings; and mediation, arbitration or settlement proceedings.
income taxes we provide for potential amounts due in various tax jurisdictions. in the ordinary course of conducting business in multiple countries and tax jurisdictions, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. therefore, judgment is required based on individual facts, circumstances and information available in determining whether or not based on technical merits, the position will be sustained upon examination. in our opinion, we have made adequate provisions for income taxes in determining our worldwide income tax position for all years subject to audit.
new accounting pronouncements see note q - new accounting pronouncements to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report for additional information on standards implemented since december 31, 2015 and standards to be implemented.
additional information use of non-gaap financial measures by boston scientific to supplement our consolidated financial statements presented on a gaap basis, we disclose certain non-gaap financial measures, including adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share that exclude certain amounts, and adjusted net sales that exclude the impact of sales from divested businesses and/or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. these non-gaap financial measures are not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states.
51
the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income is gaap net income (loss) and the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to adjusted net income per share is gaap net income (loss) per share. to calculate adjusted net sales that exclude sales from divested businesses and/or changes in foreign currency exchange rates, we convert actual net sales from local currency to u.s. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates in the current and prior period and/or eliminate the net sales from businesses that were divested during the period. the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to constant currency growth rate and/or growth rates excluding sales from divested business is growth rate percentages using net sales on a gaap basis. reconciliations of each of these non-gaap financial measures to the corresponding gaap financial measure are included in the relevant sections of this annual report.
management uses these supplemental non-gaap financial measures to evaluate performance period over period, to analyze the underlying trends in our business, to assess our performance relative to our competitors, and to establish operational goals and forecasts that are used in allocating resources. in addition, management uses these non-gaap financial measures to further its understanding of the performance of our operating segments. the adjustments excluded from our non-gaap financial measures are consistent with those excluded from our operating segments' measures of net sales and profit or loss. these adjustments are excluded from the segment measures that are reported to our chief operating decision maker that are used to make operating decisions and assess performance.
we believe that presenting adjusted net income, adjusted net income per share, and adjusted net sales that exclude certain amounts, such as sales from divested businesses and/or the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, in addition to the corresponding gaap financial measures, provides investors greater transparency to the information used by management for its operational decision-making and allows investors to see our results "through the eyes" of management. we further believe that providing this information assists our investors in understanding our operating performance and the methodology used by management to evaluate and measure such performance.
the following is an explanation of each of the adjustments that management excluded as part of these non-gaap financial measures as well as reasons for excluding each of these individual items:
adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share
•   intangible asset impairment charges - this amount represents write-downs of certain intangible asset balances during 2016, 2015 and 2014.we review intangible assets subject to amortization quarterly to determine if any adverse conditions exist or a change in circumstances has occurred that would indicate impairment and test our indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually for impairment. if we determine the carrying value of the amortizable intangible asset is not recoverable or we conclude that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-live asset is impaired, we will write the carrying value down to fair value in the period identified. we exclude the impact of impairment charges from management's assessment of operating performance and from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. accordingly, management has excluded intangible asset impairment charges for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•   acquisition- and divestiture related net charges (credits) - these adjustments may consist of (a) contingent consideration fair value adjustments; (b) gains on previously held investments; (c) purchased and/or funded in-process research and development expenses incurred outside of a business combination; (d) due diligence, other fees, inventory step-up amortization, and integration and exit costs; and (e) separation costs and gains primarily associated with the sale of our neurovascular business in january 2011. the contingent consideration adjustments represent accounting adjustments to state contingent consideration liabilities at their estimated fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable depending on the assessed likelihood and amount of future contingent consideration payments. due diligence, other fees, inventory step-up amortization, and integration and exit costs include legal, tax, severance and other expenses associated with prior and potential future acquisitions and divestitures that can be highly variable and not representative of ongoing operations. separation costs and gains on the sale of a business unit primarily represent those associated with the neurovascular divestiture and are not representative of ongoing operations. accordingly, management excluded these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•   restructuring and restructuring-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments represent severance and other direct costs associated with our restructuring plans. these restructuring plans each consist of distinct initiatives that are fundamentally different from our ongoing, core cost reduction initiatives in terms of, among other things, the frequency with which each action is performed and the required planning, resourcing, cost and timing. examples of such initiatives include the movement of business activities, facility consolidations and closures, and the transfer of product lines
52
between manufacturing facilities, which, due to the highly regulated nature of our industry, requires a significant investment in time and cost to create duplicate manufacturing lines, run product validations, and seek regulatory approvals. restructuring initiatives generally take approximately two years to complete and have a distinct project timeline that begins subsequent to approval by our board of directors. in contrast to our ongoing cost reduction initiatives, restructuring initiatives typically result in duplicative cost and exit costs over this period of time, are one-time shut downs or transfers, and are not considered part of our core, ongoing operations. because these restructuring plans are incremental to the core activities that arise in the ordinary course of our business, management excluded these costs for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•   litigation-related net charges (credits) - these adjustments include certain significant product liability and other litigation-related charges and credits. we record these charges and credits, which we consider to be unusual or infrequent and significant, within the litigation-related charges line in our consolidated statement of operations; all other legal and product liability charges, credits and costs are recorded within selling general and administrative expenses. these amounts are excluded by management in assessing our operating performance, as well as from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. accordingly, management excluded these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•   debt extinguishment charges - this item represents premiums, accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs and investor discount costs net of interest rate hedge gains related to the early extinguishment of $1.0 billion of senior notes during the second quarter of 2015. these adjustments are not expected to recur and do not reflect expected ongoing operating results. accordingly, management excluded these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•   pension termination charges - this item represents charges associated with the termination of the guidant retirement plan, a frozen defined benefit plan. these charges are not expected to recur after 2015 and do not reflect expected ongoing operating results. accordingly, management has excluded these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•   amortization expense - we record intangible assets at historical cost and amortize them over their estimated useful lives. amortization expense is excluded from management's assessment of operating performance and is also excluded from our operating segments' measures of profit and loss used for making operating decisions and assessing performance. accordingly, management has excluded amortization expense for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
•   discrete tax items - these items represent adjustments of certain tax positions, which were initially established in prior periods in conjunction with the purchase accounting for an acquisition or as a result of intangible asset impairment charges; acquisition-, divestiture-, restructuring- or litigation-related charges or credits. these adjustments do not reflect expected on-going operating results. accordingly, management excluded these amounts for purposes of calculating these non-gaap financial measures to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
adjusted net sales excluding the impact of sales from divested businesses and/or changes in foreign currency exchange rates
•   sales from divested businesses are primarily associated with the neurovascular divestiture and are not representative of ongoing operations. the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates is highly variable and difficult to predict. accordingly, management excludes the impact of sales from divested businesses and/or changes in foreign currency exchange rates for purposes of reviewing adjusted net sales to facilitate an evaluation of our current operating performance and a comparison to our past operating performance.
adjusted net income, adjusted net income per share and adjusted net sales that exclude certain amounts, such as the sales from divested businesses and/or the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, are not in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation from or as a replacement for the most directly comparable gaap financial measures. further, other companies may calculate these non-gaap financial measures differently than we do, which may limit the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes.
53
rule 10b5-1 trading plans by executive officers periodically, certain of our executive officers adopt written stock trading plans in accordance with rule 10b5-1 under the exchange act and our own stock trading policy. a rule 10b5-1 trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amount, prices and dates (or formulas for determining the amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of our stock, including shares issued upon exercise of stock options or vesting of deferred stock units. these plans are entered into at a time when the person is not in possession of material non-public information about our company. we disclose details regarding individual rule 10b5-1 trading plans on the investor relations section of our website.
54
management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting as the management of boston scientific corporation, we are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. we designed our internal control process to provide reasonable assurance to management and the board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2016. in making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission in internal control-integrated framework (2013 framework). based on our assessment, we believe that, as of december 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting is effective at a reasonable assurance level based on these criteria.
ernst & young llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. this report in which they expressed an unqualified opinion is included below.
/s/ michael f. mahoney                                /s/ daniel j. brennan michael f. mahoney                                   daniel j. brennan president and chief executive officer                executive vice president and chieffinancial officer
55
report of independent registered public accounting firm the board of directors and shareholders of boston scientific corporation we have audited boston scientific corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2016 based on criteria established in internal control---integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission 2013 framework (the coso criteria). boston scientific corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states). those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
in our opinion, boston scientific corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2016, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states), the consolidated balance sheets of boston scientific corporation as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2016 of boston scientific corporation and our report dated february 23, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.
/s/ ernst & young llp boston, massachusetts february 23, 2017
56
