item 1a.    risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. these risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. our separate section above, "cautionary statements regarding forward-looking information," should be considered in addition to the following statements.
a sustained slowdown or more significant downturn in our markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
many of our on- and off-highway markets are cyclical in nature and experience volatility in demand throughout these cycles as experienced in 2016 with downward market pressure both domestically and internationally. while north american on-highway markets remained strong for several years, in 2016, these markets began to decline as they transitioned to a lower demand cycle as evidenced by the slowing demand for heavy-duty trucks as a result of lower capital spending by truck fleets in response to weak growth in the economy. most international markets in 2016 continued to experience weak demand consistent with the last several years, especially in south america, the middle east, u.k., singapore and mexico. if the north american markets suffer a further significant downturn or if the slower pace of economic growth and weaker demand in our significant international markets were to persist or worsen, depending upon the length, duration and severity of the slowdown, our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows would likely be materially adversely affected. specifically, our revenues would likely decrease, we may need to realign capacity with demand, we may need to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, our days sales outstanding may increase and we could experience impairments to assets of certain businesses.
our truck manufacturers and oem customers may discontinue outsourcing their engine supply needs.
several of our engine customers, including paccar, volvo ab, navistar, fiat chrysler, daimler and dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd., are truck manufacturers or oems that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. however, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. in fact, several of these customers have expressed their intention to significantly increase their own engine production and to decrease engine purchases from us. in addition, increased levels of oem vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or oem customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
financial distress of one of our large truck oem customers could materially adversely impact our results of operations.
we recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck oem customers in north america which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. if one of our large truck oem customers experiences financial distress or bankruptcy, such circumstance would likely lead to significant reductions in our revenues and earnings, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services.
although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing price competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. with increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.
17
the discovery of any significant problems with our recently-introduced engine platforms in north america could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
the epa and carb have certified all of our 2017 on-highway engines, which utilize scr technology to meet requisite emission and ghg levels. the effective performance of scr technology and the overall performance of our engine platforms impacts a number of our operating segments and remains crucial to our success in north america. the discovery of any significant problems in these platforms could result in recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, reputational risk and brand risk, and could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
further slowdown in infrastructure development and/or continuing depressed commodity prices could adversely affect our business.
infrastructure development and strong commodity prices have been significant drivers of our historical growth, but as the pace of investment in infrastructure has slowed (especially in china and brazil), commodity prices have been significantly lower in recent years and demand for our products in off-highway markets has remained weak for several years. weakness in commodities, such as oil, gas and coal, has adversely impacted mining industry participants' demand for vehicles and equipment that contain our engines and other products. further deterioration, or continued weakness, in infrastructure and commodities markets will continue to adversely affect our customers' demand for vehicles and equipment and will adversely affect our business.
unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world could adversely affect our business.
our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emission and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, the eu, state regulatory agencies (such as the carb) and other regulatory agencies around the world. we have made, and will be required to continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures to ensure our engines comply with these emission standards. developing engines and components to meet numerous changing government regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. in some cases, we are required to develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions. while we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive advantage in the engine markets we serve. the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.in addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in emerging markets are unpredictable and subject to change. any delays in implementation or enforcement could result in the products we developed or modified to comply with these standards becoming unnecessary or becoming necessary later than expected thereby, in some cases, negating our competitive advantage. this in turn can delay, diminish or eliminate the expected return on capital and research expenditures that we have invested in such products and may adversely affect our perceived competitive advantage in being an early, advanced developer of compliant engines.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate and other related risks.
we conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. in addition, since our financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. the u.s. dollar has strengthened in recent years and has resulted in material unfavorable impacts on our revenues. if the u.s. dollar continues to strengthen against other currencies, we will continue to experience additional volatility in our financial statements.while we customarily enter into financial transactions that attempt to address these risks and many of our supply agreements with customers include foreign currency exchange rate adjustment provisions, there can be no assurance that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our future results of operations. in addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. we also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into u.s. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our
18
foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. see management's discussion and analysis for additional information.
we derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our china-based investees.
for 2016, we recognized $301 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $315 million in 2015. more than half of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from three of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in china, beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd., dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. as a result, although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. a significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.
we may fail to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits from the acquisition and integration of our partially-owned united states and canadian distributors.
our ability to realize all of the expected enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits from our recent distributor acquisitions will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully complete the integration of the acquired distributors with our other businesses. while we believe we will ultimately achieve these expected benefits, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve all of the objectives within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. the expected benefits from integration also may not be fully realized or may be delayed due to certain prohibitions in applicable state franchise and distributor laws. if we are not able to successfully complete our integration strategy, the anticipated enhanced revenue, earnings, cash flow, cost savings and other benefits resulting from our distributor acquisitions may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected.
delays encountered or increased costs incurred in completing the integration of these acquisitions could negatively impact our revenues, expenses, operating results, cash flow and financial condition, including the loss of current customers or suppliers, increased exposure to legal claims and other liabilities and the distraction or departure of key managers and employees.
our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploring strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks.
part of our strategic plan is to improve our gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. the successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. the exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management's attention from our existing business. strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.if required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. in addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.
we are vulnerable to supply shortages from single-sourced suppliers.
during 2016, we single sourced approximately 20 percent of the total types of parts in our product designs, compared to approximately 56 percent in 2015. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple
19
manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers, including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters or acts of war or terrorism. any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and our results of operations.
our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs.
our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. while we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks (notably with respect to copper, platinum and palladium), there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. as a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, could result in declining margins.
our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues.
our products may be subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. product recalls subject us to harm to our reputation, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. any significant product recalls could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. see note 12, "commitments and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
we face significant competition in the markets we serve.
the markets in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. we primarily compete in the market with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas and other technologies and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. we also face competitors in some emerging markets who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. there can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.
increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth.
as our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. this has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. as these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers and, as a result, we may be pressured to restrict the sale or support of some of our products in the areas of increased competition. in addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.
we are exposed to, and may be adversely affected by, potential security breaches or other disruptions to our information technology systems and data security.
we rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. we also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. as we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. we also face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. in addition, some of these systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. if we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. as customers adopt and
20
rely on the cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
the information handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, could result in unauthorized disclosures of information and create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. we continuously seek to maintain a robust program of information security and controls, but the impact of a material information technology event could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business.
approximately 46 percent of our net sales for 2016 and 44 percent in 2015 were attributable to customers outside the u.s. accordingly, our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. these risks include:
•   the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the u.s.;
•   the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;
•   difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations;
•   required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and
•   changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets.
as we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. there can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.
unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous international jurisdictions. our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by changes in the distribution of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes to our assertions regarding permanent reinvestment of our foreign earnings, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. the carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the u.s., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the u.s. we are also subject to ongoing tax audits. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.
our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk.
due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws from other countries. our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the u.s. the activities of these entities may not comply with u.s. laws or business practices or our code of business conduct. violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business, and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations or financial condition. we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
21
we face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.
we can experience idle capacity as economies slow or demand for certain products decline. accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity have been, and will continue to be, important factors in determining our results of operations. if we overestimate our demand and overbuild our capacity, we may have significantly underutilized assets and we may experience reduced margins. if we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.
we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. at any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. while we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. in addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.
our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations.
our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. while we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. we are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. if a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material.
we are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.
the level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. high energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. the relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. if these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.
significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
we sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. we could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. depending upon the severity of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the u.s. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.
22
we may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters.
at december 31, 2016, we employed approximately 55,400 persons worldwide. approximately 18,340 of our employees worldwide are represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2017 and 2021. while we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. in addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by our customers or suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.
our financial statements are subject to changes in accounting standards that could adversely impact our profitability or financial position.
our financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) in the united states of america, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the financial accounting standards board. recently, accounting standard setters issued new guidance which further interprets or seeks to revise accounting pronouncements related to revenue recognition and lease accounting as well as to issue new standards expanding disclosures. the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but not yet implemented is disclosed in our annual and quarterly reports on form 10-k and form 10-q. an assessment of proposed standards is not provided, as such proposals are subject to change through the exposure process and, therefore, their effects on our financial statements cannot be meaningfully assessed. it is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations and financial position.
future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles could materially adversely affect our business over the long term.
mayors of several large international cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their cities of diesel-powered vehicles by 2025. similarly, germany adopted legislation to ban new internal combustion engine vehicles by 2030. to the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our business over the long-term could be materially adversely affected.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations organization of information the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) was prepared to provide the reader with a view and perspective of our business through the eyes of management and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those financial statements. our md&a is presented in the following sections:
•   executive summary and financial highlights
•   2017 outlook
•   results of operations
•   operating segment results
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   contractual obligations and other commercial commitments
•   application of critical accounting estimates
•   recently issued accounting pronouncements executive summary and financial highlights we are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines and engine-related component products, including filtration, aftertreatment, turbochargers, fuel systems, controls systems, air handling systems and electric power generation systems. we sell our products to original equipment manufacturers (oems), distributors and other customers worldwide. we have long-standing relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including paccar inc, daimler trucks north america, navistar international corporation and fiat chrysler automobiles. we serve our customers through a network of approximately 600 wholly-owned and independent distributor locations and over 7,400 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories.
our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components and power systems. this reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. the engine segment produces engines (15 liters and less in size) and associated parts for sale to customers in on-highway and various off-highway markets. our engines are used in trucks of all sizes, buses and recreational vehicles, as well as in various industrial applications, including construction, agriculture, power generation systems and other off-highway applications. the distribution segment includes wholly-owned and partially-owned distributorships engaged in wholesaling engines, generator sets and service parts, as well as performing service and repair activities on our products and maintaining relationships with various oems throughout the world. the components segment sells filtration products, aftertreatment systems, turbochargers and fuel systems. the power systems segment is an integrated power provider, which designs, manufactures and sells engines (16 liters and larger) for industrial applications (including mining, oil and gas and marine), standby and prime power generator sets, alternators and other power components.
our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. our sales may also be impacted by oem inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. as a worldwide business, our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards, in the countries we serve. as part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of these risks such as china, brazil, india, mexico, russia and countries in the middle east and africa. at the same time, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact from a drop in demand in any one industry or customer or the economy of any single country on our consolidated results.
worldwide revenues declined 8 percent in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to lower demand in most global on-highway markets, decreased demand in most global power generation markets, unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations and lower demand in most global high-horsepower industrial markets, partially offset by sales increases related to the consolidation of north american distributors since december 31, 2014 and an increase in light-duty automotive sales primarily due to new sales for the nissan pick-up platform launched in the second half of 2015. revenue in the u.s. and canada declined by 12 percent
29
primarily due to decreased demand in the north american on-highway markets, lower organic sales in our distribution markets and unfavorable demand in the industrial oil and gas and construction markets, partially offset by increased distribution segment sales related to the consolidation of north american distributors and an increase in light-duty automotive sales primarily due to new sales for the nissan pick-up platform launched in the second half of 2015. continued global economic weakness in 2016 negatively impacted our international revenues (excludes the u.s. and canada), which declined by 2 percent, with sales down in most of our markets, especially in south america, the middle east, u.k., singapore and mexico. the decline in international sales was primarily due to declines in most international power generation markets, unfavorable foreign currency impacts of 4 percent of international sales (primarily in the british pound, chinese renminbi, indian rupee, brazilian real, south african rand and australian dollar), decreased demand in high-horsepower industrial markets led by declines in marine and mining, lower demand in distribution markets in asia pacific, africa and the middle east and lower demand in the on-highway markets in brazil and mexico.
the following table contains sales and earnings before interest expense, income tax expense and noncontrolling interests (ebit) results by operating segment for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. see the section titled "operating segment results" for a more detailed discussion of net sales and ebit by operating segment including the reconciliation of segment ebit to consolidated net income.
operating segments
2016                                                                                                                            2015                         percent change percentof total                                                       percentof total                                                2016 vs. 2015
in millions                            sales                        ebit               sales (1)              ebit (1)                    sales             ebit engine                            $7,804                45         %            $686         (2)      $8,670                  45         %             $636        (2)(3)(4)   (10   )%          8   %
distribution                       6,181                35         %             392                   6,229                  33         %              412              (4)    (1   )%         (5   )%
components                         4,836                28         %             641                   5,172                  27         %              727           (3)(4)    (6   )%        (12   )%
power systems                      3,517                20         %             263                   4,067                  21         %              335              (4)   (14   )%        (21   )%
intersegment eliminations         (4,829   )           (28        )%               -                  (5,028    )            (26        )%                -                     (4   )%          -
non-segment                            -                 -                        17                       -                   -                        (20    )         (4)     -              nm total                            $17,509               100         %          $1,999                 $19,110                 100         %           $2,090                     (8   )%         (4   )%
_____________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) sales and ebit numbers were adjusted for the segment reorganization. see note 21, "operating segments," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, included $138 million and $60 million for loss contingency charges, respectively. see the "results of operations" section for additional information.
(3) the year ended december 31, 2015, included an impairment of light-duty diesel assets for the engine and components segments of $202 million and $9 million, respectively. see the "results of operations" section for additional information.
(4) the year ended december 31, 2015, included $90 million of restructuring actions and other charges which were re-allocated in conjunction with our segment realignment. restructuring actions and other charges for the engine, distribution, components, power systems and non-segment segments were $17 million, $23 million, $13 million, $26 million and $11 million, respectively. see the "results of operations" section for additional information.
net income attributable to cummins inc. for 2016 was $1.39 billion, or $8.23 per diluted share, on sales of $17.5 billion, compared to 2015 net income attributable to cummins inc. of $1.40 billion, or $7.84 per diluted share, on sales of $19.1 billion. net income was relatively flat as significantly lower gross margin and higher loss contingency charges were mostly offset by the absence of 2015 impairment and restructuring charges, in addition to lower research, development and engineering expenses, a lower effective tax rate, lower selling, general and administrative expenses and favorable changes to corporate owned life insurance. the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable mix and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the brazilian real, south african rand and canadian dollar), partially offset by lower material and commodity costs, improved distribution segment margins related to the acquisition of north american distributors since december 31, 2014 and lower warranty expense. diluted earnings per share for 2016 benefited $0.26 per share from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
we generated $1,935 million of operating cash flows in 2016, compared to $2,059 million in 2015. see the section titled "cash flows" in the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of items impacting cash flows.
in december 2016, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2015 repurchase plan. during 2016, we repurchased $778 million, or 7.3 million shares of common stock. in 2016, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement with a third party financial institution to repurchase $500 million of our common stock under our previously announced share repurchase plans and received 4.7 million shares at an average purchase price of $105.50 per share. see note 13, "shareholders' equity," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
30
during 2016, we paid $109 million to acquire the remaining interest in the last two partially owned north american distributors, including the related debt retirements, and recognized a total gain of $15 million on the fair value adjustment resulting from the acquisition of the controlling interest in the previously unconsolidated entity. see note 18, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our debt to capital ratio (total capital defined as debt plus equity) at december 31, 2016, was 20.6 percent, compared to 17.5 percent at december 31, 2015. the increase was due to higher total debt, as a result of the commercial paper program added in 2016, and a net decrease in shareholders' equity. at december 31, 2016, we had $1.4 billion in cash and marketable securities on hand and access to our credit facilities, if necessary, to meet currently anticipated investment and funding needs. as of the date of filing this annual report on form 10-k, our credit ratings were as follows:
long-term            short-term credit rating agency                    senior debt rating   debt rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services   a+                   a1            stable fitch ratings                           a                    f1            stable moody's investors service, inc.         a2                   p1            stable in july 2016, our board of directors authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 5.1 percent from $0.975 per share to $1.025 per share.
our global pension plans, including our unfunded and non-qualified plans, were 110 percent funded at december 31, 2016. our u.s. qualified plans, which represent approximately 56 percent of the worldwide pension obligation, were 118 percent funded and our u.k. plans were 121 percent funded. we expect to contribute approximately $134 million to our global pension plans in 2017. see application of critical accounting estimates within md&a and note 8, "pension and other postretirement benefits," to the consolidated financial statements, for additional information concerning our pension and other post-retirement benefit plans.
in 2016, we recorded additional charges of $138 million for an existing loss contingency. see note 12, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
31
2017 outlook our outlook reflects the following positive trends and challenges to our business that we expect could impact our revenue and earnings potential in 2017:
•   demand for pick-up trucks in north america may remain strong.
•   on-highway markets in india may improve.
•   industry production of heavy-duty trucks in north america may decline.
•   power generation markets may remain weak.
•   industry production of medium-duty trucks in north america may decline.
•   north american construction markets may weaken.
•   weak economic conditions in brazil may continue to negatively impact demand across our businesses.
•   foreign currency volatility could continue to put pressure on our results.
•   market demand may remain weak in industrial engine and global mining markets.
demand in a number of important markets has been weak or declining for a number of years, below replacement levels, and we expect that demand will improve over time, as in prior economic cycles. we are well-positioned to benefit when market conditions improve.
32
results of operations favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                         2016 vs. 2015                         2015 vs. 2014
in millions (except per share amounts)                                         2016                  2015                  2014               amount          percent               amount          percent net sales                                                              $17,509               $19,110               $19,221              $(1,601    )         (8    )%           $(111    )         (1   )%
cost of sales                                                           13,057                14,163                14,360                1,106               8     %             197               1   %
gross margin                                                             4,452                 4,947                 4,861                 (495    )        (10    )%              86               2   %
operating expenses and income selling, general and administrative expenses                             2,046                 2,092                 2,095                   46               2     %               3               -   %
research, development and engineering expenses                             636                   735                   754                   99              13     %              19               3   %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                         301                   315                   370                  (14    )         (4    )%             (55    )        (15   )%
loss contingency charges                                                   138                    60                     -                  (78    )         nm                   (60    )         nm impairment of light-duty diesel assets                                       -                   211                     -                  211              nm                  (211    )         nm restructuring actions and other charges                                      -                    90                     -                   90              nm                   (90    )         nm other operating expense, net                                                (5    )              (17    )              (17    )              12              71     %               -               -   %
operating income                                                         1,928                 2,057                 2,365                 (129    )         (6    )%            (308    )        (13   )%
interest income                                                             23                    24                    23                   (1    )         (4    )%               1               4   %
interest expense                                                            69                    65                    64                   (4    )         (6    )%              (1    )         (2   )%
other income, net                                                           48                     9                   110                   39              nm                  (101    )        (92   )%
income before income taxes                                               1,930                 2,025                 2,434                  (95    )         (5    )%            (409    )        (17   )%
income tax expense                                                         474                   555                   698                   81              15     %             143              20   %
consolidated net income                                                  1,456                 1,470                 1,736                  (14    )         (1    )%            (266    )        (15   )%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                   62                    71                    85                    9              13     %              14              16   %
net income attributable to cummins inc.                                 $1,394                $1,399                $1,651                  $(5    )          -     %           $(252    )        (15   )%
diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.           $8.23                 $7.84                 $9.02                $0.39               5     %          $(1.18    )        (13   )%
______________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information favorable/(unfavorable) percentage points percent of sales                                        2016          2015          2014                 2016 vs. 2015                2015 vs. 2014
gross margin                                        25.4   %      25.9   %      25.3   %             (0.5            )                          0.6
selling, general and administrative expenses        11.7   %      10.9   %      10.9   %             (0.8            )                            -
research, development and engineering expenses       3.6   %       3.8   %       3.9   %   0.2                                                  0.1
2016 vs. 2015
net sales net sales decreased $1.6 billion versus 2015, primarily driven by the following:
•   engine segment sales decreased 10 percent primarily due to lower demand in north american heavy-duty and medium-duty on-highway markets and lower demand in most north american off-highway markets, partially offset by increased sales in the light-duty automotive market.
•   power systems segment sales decreased 14 percent primarily due to lower demand in all product lines and decreased sales in most regions with the largest declines in north america, asia, china, latin america, the middle east, africa and western europe.
•   components segment sales decreased 6 percent primarily due to lower demand in most lines of business, principally in north american on-highway markets, partially offset by higher demand in china.
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales by approximately 2 percent primarily in the british pound, chinese renminbi, indian rupee, brazilian real, south african rand, canadian dollar and australian dollar.
33
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 42 percent of total net sales in 2016, compared with 39 percent of total net sales in 2015.
a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
gross margin gross margin decreased $495 million and 0.5 points as a percentage of sales, primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable mix and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the brazilian real, south african rand and canadian dollar), partially offset by lower material and commodity costs, improved distribution segment margins related to the acquisition of north american distributors since december 31, 2014 and lower warranty expense.
the provision for warranties issued, excluding campaigns, as a percentage of sales was 1.7 percent in 2016 and 1.8 percent in 2015. a more detailed discussion of margin by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $46 million, primarily due to lower compensation expenses of $56 million as a result of restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015. compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, increased to 11.7 percent in 2016 from 10.9 percent in 2015.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses decreased $99 million, primarily due to reduced project spending in most of our segments, decreased compensation expenses as a result of restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015, and lower consulting expenses. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 3.6 percent in 2016 from 3.8 percent in 2015. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased $14 million, primarily due to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors of $12 million and lower earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. of $10 million, partially offset by higher earnings at other joint ventures.
loss contingency charges in 2016, we recorded charges of $138 million in addition to the 2015 charge of $60 million for a loss contingency. see note 12, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
impairment of light-duty diesel assets in 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of $211 million on our light-duty assets. see note 19, "impairment of light-duty diesel assets," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
restructuring actions and other charges in 2015, we incurred a charge of $90 million which included $86 million for the severance costs related to both voluntary and involuntary terminations and $4 million for asset impairments and other charges. see note 20, "restructuring actions and other charges," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other operating expense, net other operating expense, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                         2016                    2015
loss on write off of assets                   $(18     )              $(15     )
amortization of intangible assets               (9     )               (18     )
royalty income, net                             28                      20
other, net                                      (6     )                (4     )
total other operating expense, net             $(5     )              $(17     )
34
interest income interest income was relatively flat compared to 2015.
interest expense interest expense increased $4 million versus the comparable period in 2015, primarily due to an increase in total weighted average debt outstanding.
other income, net other income, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                                                       2016                    2015
change in cash surrender value of corporate owned life insurance             $18                     $(3     )
gain on sale of equity investee                                               17                       -
gains on fair value adjustment for consolidated investees (1)                 15                      18
dividend income                                                                5                       3
bank charges                                                                  (9     )                (9     )
foreign currency loss, net                                                   (12     )               (18     )
other, net                                                                    14                      18
total other income, net                                                      $48                      $9
____________________________________________________________
(1) see note 18, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income tax expense our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent u.s. statutory income tax rate, primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. our effective tax rate for 2016 was 24.6 percent compared to 27.4 percent for 2015. the 2.8 percent decrease in our effective tax rate from 2015 to 2016 was primarily due to favorable changes in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax income.
we expect our 2017 effective tax rate to be 26 percent, excluding any discrete items that may arise.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests eliminate the income or loss attributable to non-cummins ownership interests in our consolidated entities. noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased $9 million primarily due to lower earnings as a result of the consolidation of north american distributors since december 31, 2014 and lower earnings at cummins india ltd.
net income attributable to cummins inc. and diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.
net income was relatively flat as significantly lower gross margin and higher loss contingency charges were mostly offset by the absence of 2015 impairment and restructuring charges, in addition to lower research, development and engineering expenses, a lower effective tax rate, lower selling, general and administrative expenses and favorable changes to corporate owned life insurance. diluted earnings per share for 2016 benefited $0.26 per share from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
2015 vs. 2014
net sales net sales decreased $111 million versus 2014, primarily driven by the following:
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales approximately 4 percent (primarily in the euro, brazilian real, australian dollar, canadian dollar, british pound and indian rupee).
•   power systems segment sales decreased 8 percent, due to lower demand in all lines of business and across most markets.
35
•   engine segment sales decreased 3 percent, primarily due to lower global demand in most industrial markets and lower on-highway demand in international markets, especially brazil, partially offset by higher demand in most north american on-highway markets.
the decreases above were partially offset by the following:
•   distribution segment sales increased 20 percent, principally related to the acquisitions of north american distributors since december 31, 2013.
•   components segment sales increased 1 percent, primarily due to higher demand in the emission solutions and fuel systems businesses, partially offset by lower demand in the turbo technologies and filtration businesses.
sales to international markets (excluding the u.s. and canada), based on location of customers, were 39 percent of total net sales in 2015, compared with 44 percent of total net sales in 2014.
a more detailed discussion of sales by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
gross margin gross margin increased $86 million and 0.6 points as a percentage of sales, primarily due to improved distribution segment sales from the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013 and lower material and commodity costs, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the australian dollar, canadian dollar, brazilian real and euro), unfavorable pricing, unfavorable mix and lower volumes.
the provision for warranties issued, excluding campaigns, as a percentage of sales was 1.8 percent in 2015 and 2.0 percent in 2014. a more detailed discussion of margin by segment is presented in the "operating segment results" section.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $3 million, primarily due to lower consulting expenses of $41 million, partially offset by higher compensation and related expenses of $19 million (largely due to the acquisition of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013). compensation and related expenses include salaries, fringe benefits and variable compensation. overall, selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of sales, was 10.9 percent in 2015 and 2014.
research, development and engineering expenses research, development and engineering expenses decreased $19 million, primarily due to higher expense recovery of $12 million, partially offset by higher consulting expenses of $8 million. overall, research, development and engineering expenses, as a percentage of sales, decreased to 3.8 percent in 2015 from 3.9 percent in 2014. research activities continue to focus on development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world and improvements in fuel economy performance.
equity, royalty and interest income from investees equity, royalty and interest income from investees decreased $55 million, primarily due to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013, of $74 million, lower earnings at dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. of $16 million and chongqing cummins engine company, ltd. of $10 million. these decreases were partially offset by higher earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. of $64 million as it continues to increase market share with the new heavy-duty engine platform introduced in 2014.
loss contingency charge in 2015, we recorded a charge of $60 million for a loss contingency. see note 12, "commitments and contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
impairment of light-duty diesel assets in 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of $211 million. see note 19, "impairment of light-duty diesel assets," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
36
restructuring actions and other charges in 2015, we incurred a charge of $90 million which included $86 million for the severance costs related to both voluntary and involuntary terminations and $4 million for asset impairments and other charges. see note 20, "restructuring actions and other charges," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other operating expense, net other operating expense, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                         2015                    2014
amortization of intangible assets              (18     )               (16     )
loss on write off of assets                    (15     )               (23     )
royalty income, net                             20                      27
other, net                                      (4     )                (5     )
total other operating expense, net            $(17     )              $(17     )
interest income interest income was relatively flat compared to 2014.
interest expense interest expense was relatively flat compared to 2014.
other income, net other income, net was as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                                                       2015                    2014
gains on fair value adjustment for consolidated investees (1)                $18                     $73
dividend income                                                                3                       3
gains on marketable securities, net                                            1                      14
change in cash surrender value of corporate owned life insurance              (3     )                24
bank charges                                                                  (9     )               (12     )
foreign currency loss, net                                                   (18     )                (6     )
other, net                                                                    17                      14
total other income, net                                                       $9                    $110
____________________________________________________________
(1) see note 18, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
income tax expense our income tax rates are generally less than the 35 percent u.s. statutory income tax rate, primarily because of lower taxes on foreign earnings and research tax credits. our effective tax rate for 2015 was 27.4 percent compared to 28.7 percent for 2014. the 1.3 percent decrease in our effective tax rate from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions related to a favorable audit settlement and favorable changes in the jurisdictional mix of pre-tax income.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests in income of consolidated subsidiaries decreased $14 million, primarily due to lower earnings at wuxi cummins turbo technologies co. ltd. and a decline from the acquisition of the remaining interest in previously consolidated north american distributors since december 31, 2013.
37
net income attributable to cummins inc. and diluted earnings per common share attributable to cummins inc.
net income and diluted earnings per share attributable to cummins inc. decreased $252 million and $1.18 per share primarily due to our impairment of light-duty diesel assets, unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, restructuring actions, loss contingency charge, lower other income as a result of larger gains recognized in 2014 from the acquisition of north american distributors and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees. these decreases were partially offset by improved gross margin, lower research, development and engineering expenses and a lower effective tax rate of 27.4 percent in 2015 versus 28.7 percent in 2014. diluted earnings per share for 2015 benefited $0.14 per share from lower shares outstanding, primarily due to purchases under the stock repurchase program.
comprehensive income - foreign currency translation adjustment the foreign currency translation adjustment was a net loss of $448 million, $305 million and $234 million for the years ended 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and was driven by the following:
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                              2015                                                                                    2014
in millions                                                   translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar                          translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar               translation adjustment            primary currency driver vs. u.s. dollar wholly owned subsidiaries                                     $(397               )             british pound, chinese renminbi, offset by brazilian real        $(261               )             british pound, brazilian real, chinese renminbi       $(208               )             british pound, brazilian real equity method investments                                     (34                 )             chinese renminbi, indian rupee, offset by mexican peso (1)       (29                 )             chinese renminbi, indian rupee                        (19                 )             russian rouble, chinese renminbi consolidated subsidiaries with a noncontrolling interest      (17                 )             chinese renminbi, indian rupee                                   (15                 )             indian rupee, chinese renminbi                        (7                  )             indian rupee, chinese renminbi total                                                         $(448               )                                                                              $(305               )                                                                   $(234               )
____________________________________
(1) the mexican peso adjustment related to a reclassification out of other comprehensive income at the time of the sale of an equity investment in the first quarter of 2016.
38
operating segment results our reporting structure is organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. we use segment ebit as the primary basis for the chief operating decision maker (codm) to evaluate the performance of each of our operating segments.
as previously announced, beginning with the second quarter of 2016, we realigned certain of our reportable segments to be consistent with changes to our organizational structure and how the codm monitors the performance of our segments. we reorganized our business to combine our power generation segment and our high-horsepower engine business to create the new power systems segment. our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components and power systems. we began to report results for our new reporting structure in the second quarter of 2016 and also reflected this change for historical periods. the formation of the power systems segment combined two businesses that were already strongly interdependent, which will allow us to streamline business and technical processes to accelerate innovation, grow market share and more efficiently manage our supply chain and manufacturing operations.
we allocate certain common costs and expenses, primarily corporate functions, among segments. these include certain costs and expenses of shared services, such as information technology, human resources, legal, finance and supply chain management. in addition to the reorganization noted above, we reevaluated the allocation of these costs, considering the new segment structure created in april 2016 and adjusted our allocation methodology accordingly. the revised methodology, which is based on a combination of relative segment sales and relative service usage levels, is effective for the periods beginning after january 1, 2016 and resulted in the revision of our segment operating results, including segment ebit, for all four segments for the first quarter of 2016 with a greater share of costs allocated to the distribution and components segments than in previous years. prior periods were not revised for the new allocation methodology. these changes had no impact on our consolidated results.
following is a discussion of results for each of our operating segments.
engine segment results financial data for the engine segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2016 vs. 2015                        2015 vs. 2014
in millions                                                        2016                  2015                  2014             amount          percent             amount           percent external sales (1)                                          $5,774                $6,733                $7,462              $(959    )        (14    )%         $(729    )         (10   )%
intersegment sales (1)                                       2,030                 1,937                 1,505                 93               5     %           432               29   %
total sales                                                  7,804                 8,670                 8,967               (866    )        (10    )%          (297    )          (3   )%
depreciation and amortization                                  163                   187                   163                 24              13     %           (24    )         (15   )%
research, development and engineering expenses                 226                   263                   265                 37              14     %             2                1   %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees             148                   146                   118                  2               1     %            28               24   %
interest income                                                 10                    11                     9                 (1    )         (9    )%             2               22   %
loss contingency charges (2)                                   138                    60                     -                (78    )         nm                 (60    )          nm impairment of light-duty diesel assets (2)                       -                   202                     -                202              nm                (202    )          nm restructuring actions and other charges (2)                      -                    17                     -                 17              nm                 (17    )          nm segment ebit                                                   686                   636                 1,031                 50               8     %          (395    )         (38   )%
percentage points                    percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                    8.8    %              7.3    %             11.5    %                           1.5                                 (4.2   )
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, sales previously recognized as external sales are now included in intersegment sales.
(2) see respective sections of "results of operations" for additional information.
in the second quarter of 2016, in conjunction with the reorganization of our segments, our engine segment reorganized its reporting structure as follows:
•   heavy-duty truck - we manufacture diesel and natural gas engines that range from 310 to 605 horsepower serving global heavy-duty truck customers worldwide, primarily in north america, latin america and australia.
39
•   medium-duty truck and bus - we manufacture diesel and natural gas engines ranging from 130 to 450 horsepower serving medium-duty truck and bus customers worldwide, with key markets including north america, latin america, china, europe and india. applications include pickup and delivery trucks, vocational truck, school bus, transit bus and shuttle bus. we also provide diesel engines for class a motor homes (rvs), primarily in north america.
•   light-duty automotive (pickup and light commercial vehicle (lcv)) - we manufacture 105 to 385 horsepower diesel engines, including engines for the pickup truck market for chrysler and nissan in north america, and lcv markets in europe, latin america and asia.
•   off-highway - we manufacture diesel engines that range from 48 to 715 horsepower to key global markets including mining, marine, rail, oil and gas, defense, agriculture and construction equipment and also to the power generation business for standby, mobile and distributed power generation solutions throughout the world.
sales for our engine segment by market were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2016 vs. 2015                       2015 vs. 2014
in millions                 2016                 2015                  2014                            amount          percent             amount          percent heavy-duty truck                   $2,443                $3,116                $3,072              $(673    )        (22   )%            $44               1   %
medium-duty truck and bus           2,272                 2,507                 2,431               (235    )         (9   )%             76               3   %
light-duty automotive               1,581                 1,475                 1,567        106                       7   %             (92    )         (6   )%
total on-highway                    6,296                 7,098                 7,070               (802    )        (11   )%             28               -   %
off-highway                         1,508                 1,572                 1,897                (64    )         (4   )%           (325    )        (17   )%
total sales                        $7,804                $8,670                $8,967              $(866    )        (10   )%          $(297    )         (3   )%
unit shipments by engine classification (including unit shipments to power systems and off-highway engine units included in their respective classification) were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                    2016 vs. 2015                         2015 vs. 2014
2016                2015                  2014                         amount          percent               amount          percent heavy-duty                  79,000               114,400               122,100         (35,400   )          (31   )%          (7,700   )           (6   )%
medium-duty                229,100               247,100               266,800         (18,000   )           (7   )%         (19,700   )           (7   )%
light-duty                 228,600               209,300               204,400          19,300                9   %            4,900                2   %
total unit shipments       536,700               570,800               593,300         (34,100   )           (6   )%         (22,500   )           (4   )%
2016 vs. 2015
sales engine segment sales decreased $866 million versus 2015. the following were the primary drivers by market:
•   heavy-duty truck engine sales decreased $673 million primarily due to lower demand in the north american heavy-duty truck market with decreased engine shipments of 38 percent.
•   medium-duty truck and bus sales decreased $235 million primarily due to lower demand in most global medium-duty truck markets with decreased engine shipments of 17 percent, primarily in north america, brazil and mexico.
•   off-highway sales decreased $64 million primarily due to decreased engine shipments in several north american industrial markets, partially offset by increased unit shipments of 25 percent in international construction markets.
the decreases above were partially offset by an increase in light-duty automotive sales of $106 million primarily due to new sales for the nissan pick-up truck platform launched in the second half of 2015.
total on-highway-related sales for 2016 were 81 percent of total engine segment sales, compared to 82 percent in 2015.
40
segment ebit in 2016, we recorded additional charges of $138 million for an existing loss contingency in addition to the $60 million recorded in 2015. in 2015, we also incurred an impairment charge of $202 million for our light-duty diesel assets and incurred a restructuring charge of $17 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets.
engine segment ebit increased $50 million versus 2015, primarily due to an impairment of light-duty diesel assets in 2015, lower selling, general and administrative expenses, lower research, development and engineering expenses and restructuring actions and other charges in 2015, partially offset by lower gross margin and higher loss contingency charges in 2016. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2016 vs. 2015
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                                          amount          percent                 percentage point changeas a percent of sales gross margin                                                   $(210      )          (13    )%                              (0.6                        )
selling, general and administrative expenses                      72                   11   %                                0.1
research, development and engineering expenses                    37                   14   %                                0.1
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                 2                    1   %                                0.2
impairment of light-duty diesel assets (1)                       202                 nm                                      2.3
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                       17                 nm                                      0.2
loss contingency charges (1)                                     (78      )          nm                                      1.1
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see respective sections of results of operations for additional information.
the decrease in gross margin versus 2015 was primarily due to lower volumes and unfavorable mix, partially offset by lower material and commodity costs and favorable product coverage. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses as the result of restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015, and lower consulting expenses. the decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses as a result of restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015 and higher expense recovery from customers and external parties.
2015 vs. 2014
sales engine segment sales decreased $297 million versus 2014. the following were the primary drivers:
•   off-highway sales decreased $325 million primarily due to decreased engine shipments to most global industrial markets.
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales results (primarily the brazilian real, euro and british pound).
•   light-duty automotive sales decreased $92 million due to lower demand, primarily in brazil.
the decreases above were partially offset by the following:
•   medium-duty truck and bus sales increased $76 million due to higher demand in the north american medium-duty truck market with increased engine shipments of 14 percent and higher global bus demand with improved engine shipments of 10 percent. these increases were partially offset by weaker medium-duty truck demand in brazil.
•   heavy-duty truck engine sales increased $44 million due to improved demand in the north american heavy-duty truck market, partially offset by weaker demand in china and korea.
total on-highway-related sales for 2015 were 82 percent of total engine segment sales, compared to 79 percent in 2014.
segment ebit engine segment ebit decreased $395 million versus 2014, primarily due to an impairment of light-duty diesel assets, lower gross margin, a loss contingency charge and restructuring actions and other charges, partially offset by favorable foreign
41
currency fluctuations (primarily the mexican peso), lower selling, general and administrative expenses and higher equity, royalty and interest income from investees. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2015 vs. 2014
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                                         amount          percent                 percentage point changeas a percent of sales gross margin                                                  $(184      )          (10    )%                              (1.4   )
selling, general and administrative expenses                     37                    6   %      0.1
research, development and engineering expenses                    2                    1   %                                  -
equity, royalty and interest income from investees               28                   24   %      0.4
impairment of light-duty diesel assets (1)                     (202      )          nm                                     (2.3   )
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                     (17      )          nm                                     (0.2   )
loss contingency charge (1)                                     (60      )          nm                                     (0.7   )
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see respective sections of results of operations for additional information.
the decrease in gross margin versus 2014 was primarily due to lower volumes and unfavorable mix, partially offset by lower material and commodity costs and favorable foreign currency fluctuations. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses and lower consulting expenses. the increase in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to increased earnings at beijing foton cummins engine co., ltd. as the joint venture continued to increase market share with the new heavy-duty engine platform introduced in 2014, partially offset by lower earnings at dongfeng cummins engine company, ltd. and an asset impairment of $12 million.
distribution segment results financial data for the distribution segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2016 vs. 2015                          2015 vs. 2014
in millions                                                        2016                  2015                  2014            amount           percent               amount           percent external sales                                              $6,157                $6,198                $5,135              $(41    )          (1   )%           $1,063               21   %
intersegment sales                                              24                    31                    39                (7    )         (23   )%               (8    )         (21   )%
total sales                                                  6,181                 6,229                 5,174               (48    )          (1   )%            1,055               20   %
depreciation and amortization                                  116                   105                    86               (11    )         (10   )%              (19    )         (22   )%
research, development and engineering expenses                  13                    10                     9                (3    )         (30   )%               (1    )         (11   )%
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              70                    78                   148                (8    )         (10   )%              (70    )         (47   )%
interest income                                                  4                     4                     4                 -                -   %                 -                -   %
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                      -                    23                     -                23               nm                   (23    )          nm segment ebit (2)                                               392                   412                   491               (20    )          (5   )%              (79    )         (16   )%
percentage points                      percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales (3)                6.3    %              6.6    %              9.5    %                          (0.3   )                               (2.9   )
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1)   see restructuring actions and other charges section of "results of operations" for additional information.
(2)   segment ebit for 2016, 2015 and 2014 included gains of $15 million, $18 million and $73 million, respectively, resulting from acquisitions of controlling interests in north american distributors. see note 18, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(3)   north american distributor acquisitions are dilutive to segment ebit as a percentage of sales.
42
sales for our distribution segment by region were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                      2016 vs. 2015                         2015 vs. 2014
in millions                               2016                  2015                  2014            amount          percent               amount          percent north and central america          $4,015                $3,992                $2,765               $23               1   %            $1,227              44     %
europe, cis and china                 798                   758                   908                40               5   %              (150    )        (17    )%
asia pacific                          720                   763                   794               (43    )         (6   )%              (31    )         (4    )%
africa                                206                   232                   187               (26    )        (11   )%               45              24     %
india                                 175                   165                   157                10               6   %                 8               5     %
middle east                           160                   199                   208               (39    )        (20   )%               (9    )         (4    )%
south america                         107                   120                   155               (13    )        (11   )%              (35    )        (23    )%
total sales                        $6,181                $6,229                $5,174              $(48    )         (1   )%           $1,055              20     %
sales for our distribution segment by product line were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                   2016 vs. 2015                         2015 vs. 2014
in millions        2016                 2015                  2014                        amount          percent               amount          percent parts (1)                 $2,627                $2,423                $1,924           $204               8   %              $499              26     %
power generation           1,239                 1,290                 1,163            (51    )         (4   )%              127              11     %
service                    1,215                 1,222                 1,026             (7    )         (1   )%              196              19     %
engines                    1,100                 1,294                 1,061           (194    )        (15   )%              233              22     %
total sales               $6,181                $6,229                $5,174           $(48    )         (1   )%           $1,055              20     %
____________________________________
(1 ) in conjunction with our segment realignment, we changed "parts and filtration" to "parts."
2016 vs. 2015
sales distribution segment sales decreased $48 million versus 2015, primarily due to a decline in organic sales of $295 million principally in north america, asia pacific and the middle east and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the south african rand, canadian dollar, chinese renminbi, indian rupee, australian dollar and british pound), partially offset by $344 million of segment sales related to the acquisition of north american distributors since december 31, 2014.
segment ebit in 2015, we incurred a restructuring charge of $23 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets.
distribution segment ebit decreased $20 million versus 2015, primarily due to higher selling, general and administrative expenses (mainly related to the acquisition of north american distributors since december 31, 2014), partially offset by higher gross margin and restructuring actions and other charges in 2015. the acquisitions resulted in $11 million and $24 million of additional amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by gains of $15 million and $18 million related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interests for north american distributor acquisitions in 2016 and 2015, respectively. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
43
year ended december 31, 2016 vs. 2015
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                                         amount          percent              percentage point change as a percent of sales gross margin                                                    $37                    4   %      0.7
selling, general and administrative expenses                    (68      )          (10    )%            (1.2                     )
research, development and engineering expenses                   (3      )          (30    )%            -
equity, royalty and interest income from investees               (8      )          (10    )%            (0.2                     )
restructuring actions and other charges (1)          23                             nm            0.4
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see restructuring actions and other charges section of "results of operations" for additional information.
the increase in gross margin versus 2015 was primarily due to the acquisitions of north american distributors since december 31, 2014 and improved pricing, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the south african rand, canadian dollar and australian dollar) and lower volumes. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher compensation expenses related to the acquisitions of north american distributors and higher consulting expenses. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisitions of north american distributors.
2015 vs. 2014
sales distribution segment sales increased $1,055 million versus 2014, primarily due to $1.4 billion of segment sales related to the consolidation of partially-owned north american distributors since december 31, 2013, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the australian dollar, canadian dollar, euro, south african rand and brazilian real) and decreased sales in china, western europe, south america and russia.
segment ebit distribution segment ebit decreased $79 million versus 2014, primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the australian dollar, canadian dollar and south african rand), higher selling, general and administrative expenses, lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees and restructuring actions and other charges, partially offset by higher gross margin due to the acquisitions of north american distributors. these acquisitions also resulted in $24 million and $36 million of additional amortization of intangible assets, partially offset by gains of $18 million and $73 million related to the remeasurement of our pre-existing ownership interests for north american distributor acquisitions in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was the result of the acquisitions of north american distributors. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2015 vs. 2014
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                                      amount          percent                percentage point change as a percent of sales gross margin                                                $160          18            %                               (0.3   )
selling, general and administrative expenses                 (81      )          (14    )%     0.6
equity, royalty and interest income from investees           (70      )          (47    )%                              (1.6   )
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                  (23      )          nm                                     (0.4   )
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see restructuring actions and other charges section of "results of operations" for additional information.
44
components segment results financial data for the components segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2016 vs. 2015                       2015 vs. 2014
in millions                                                        2016                  2015                  2014            amount           percent             amount          percent external sales (1)                                          $3,514                $3,745                $3,791             $(231    )          (6   )%           $(46    )         (1    )%
intersegment sales (1)                                       1,322                 1,427                 1,327              (105    )          (7   )%            100               8     %
total sales                                                  4,836                 5,172                 5,118              (336    )          (6   )%             54               1     %
depreciation and amortization                                  133                   109                   106               (24    )         (22   )%             (3    )         (3    )%
research, development and engineering expenses                 208                   236                   230                28               12   %              (6    )         (3    )%
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              41                    35                    36                 6               17   %              (1    )         (3    )%
interest income                                                  4                     4                     4                 -                -   %               -               -     %
impairment of light-duty diesel assets (2)                       -                     9                     -                 9               nm                  (9    )         nm restructuring actions and other charges (2)                      -                    13                     -                13               nm                 (13    )         nm segment ebit                                                   641                   727                   684               (86    )         (12   )%             43               6     %
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                   13.3    %             14.1    %             13.4    %                          (0.8   )                             0.7
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, sales previously recognized as external sales are now included in intersegment sales.
(2) see respective sections of "results of operations" for additional information.
sales for our components segment by business were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,   2016 vs. 2015                                       2015 vs. 2014
in millions                        2016                  2015                  2014   amount                percent             amount          percent emission solutions          $2,317                $2,499                $2,343        $(182     )          (7   )%           $156               7     %
turbo technologies           1,036                 1,141                 1,222        (105      )          (9   )%            (81    )         (7    )%
filtration                   1,010                 1,010                 1,075        -                     -   %             (65    )         (6    )%
fuel systems                   473                   522                   478        (49       )          (9   )%    44                        9     %
total sales                 $4,836                $5,172                $5,118        $(336     )          (6   )%            $54               1     %
2016 vs. 2015
sales components segment sales decreased $336 million across most lines of business versus 2015. the following were the primary drivers by business:
•   emission solutions sales decreased $182 million primarily due to lower demand in north american on-highway markets, partially offset by higher demand in china.
•   turbo technologies sales decreased $105 million primarily due to lower demand in north american on-highway markets, partially offset by higher demand in china.
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales results primarily in the chinese renminbi, british pound and brazilian real.
•   fuel systems sales decreased $49 million primarily due to lower demand in north american on-highway markets, partially offset by higher demand in china.
45
segment ebit in 2015, we incurred a restructuring charge of $13 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets. we also incurred an impairment charge of $9 million for our light-duty diesel assets.
components segment ebit decreased $86 million versus 2015, primarily due to lower gross margin and higher selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by lower research, development and engineering expenses, restructuring actions and other charges in 2015 and an impairment charge in 2015. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2016 vs. 2015
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                                         amount          percent                 percentage point changeas a percent of sales gross margin                                                  $(111      )          (9     )%                              (0.6                        )
selling, general and administrative expenses                    (33      )          (10    )%                              (1.1                        )
research, development and engineering expenses                   28                   12   %                                0.3
equity, royalty and interest income from investees                6                   17   %                                0.1
impairment of light-duty diesel assets (1)                        9                 nm                                      0.2
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                      13                 nm                                      0.3
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see respective sections of "results of operations" for additional information.
the decrease in gross margin was primarily due to lower volumes, unfavorable pricing, unfavorable mix and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily in the chinese renminbi and brazilian real), partially offset by lower material costs. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher consulting and compensation expenses as a result of absorbing a greater share of corporate costs under our new allocation methodology, partially offset by savings from restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015. the decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to reduced project spending, lower consulting expenses and lower compensation expenses from restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015.
2015 vs. 2014
sales components segment sales increased $54 million versus 2014. the following were the primary drivers by business:
•   emission solutions sales increased, primarily due to improved demand in the north american on-highway markets and increased demand in china, partially offset by unfavorable pricing.
•   fuel systems sales increased due to the new beijing foton isg engine that entered production in the second quarter of 2014 in china and improved demand in certain north american on-highway markets.
the increases above were partially offset by the following:
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales primarily in the euro, brazilian real and british pound.
•   turbo technologies sales decreased, primarily due to lower demand in china, europe and brazil, partially offset by higher demand in the north american on-highway markets.
•   filtration sales decreased, primarily due to lower demand in europe, asia pacific and brazil, partially offset by higher demand in china.
segment ebit components segment ebit increased $43 million versus 2014, primarily due to higher gross margin and lower selling, general and administrative expenses, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the euro and brazilian real), restructuring actions and other charges, an impairment of light-duty diesel assets and higher research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
46
year ended december 31, 2015 vs. 2014
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                                         amount          percent                 percentage point changeas a percent of sales gross margin                                                    $75          6             %      1.2
selling, general and administrative expenses         8                       2             %      0.2
research, development and engineering expenses                   (6      )          (3     )%                              (0.1   )
equity, royalty and interest income from investees               (1      )          (3     )%                                 -
impairment of light-duty diesel assets (1)                       (9      )          nm                                     (0.2   )
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                     (13      )          nm                                     (0.3   )
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see respective sections of "results of operations" for additional information.
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower material and commodity costs and higher volumes, partially offset by unfavorable pricing and unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the euro and brazilian real). the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower consulting expenses and lower compensation expenses. the increase in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to higher consulting expenses and higher compensation expenses, partially offset by higher expense recovery.
power systems segment results financial data for the power systems segment was as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                       2016 vs. 2015                       2015 vs. 2014
in millions                                                        2016                  2015                  2014            amount           percent             amount          percent external sales (1)                                          $2,064                $2,434                $2,833             $(370    )         (15   )%          $(399    )        (14   )%
intersegment sales (1)                                       1,453                 1,633                 1,581              (180    )         (11   )%             52               3   %
total sales                                                  3,517                 4,067                 4,414              (550    )         (14   )%           (347    )         (8   )%
depreciation and amortization                                  115                   110                    97                (5    )          (5   )%            (13    )        (13   )%
research, development and engineering expenses                 189                   226                   250                37               16   %              24              10   %
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              42                    56                    68               (14    )         (25   )%            (12    )        (18   )%
interest income                                                  5                     5                     6                 -                -   %              (1    )        (17   )%
restructuring actions and other charges (2)                      -                    26                     -                26               nm                 (26    )         nm segment ebit                                                   263                   335                   361               (72    )         (21   )%            (26    )         (7   )%
percentage points                   percentage points segment ebit as a percentage of total sales                    7.5    %              8.2    %              8.2    %                          (0.7   )                               -
____________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) due to the acquisitions of north american distributors, sales previously recognized as external sales are now included in intersegment sales.
(2) see restructuring actions and other charges section of "results of operations" for additional information.
in the second quarter of 2016, in conjunction with the reorganization of our segments, our power systems segment reorganized its reporting structure into the following product lines:
•   power generation - we design, manufacture, sell and support back-up and prime power generators ranging from 2 kilowatts to 3.5 megawatts, as well as controls, paralleling systems and transfer switches, for applications such as consumer, commercial, industrial, data centers, health care, telecommunications and waste water treatment plants. we also provide turnkey solutions for distributed generation and energy management applications using natural gas or biogas as a fuel. we also serve global rental accounts for diesel and gas generator sets.
•   industrial - we design, manufacture, sell and support diesel and natural gas high-horsepower engines up to 5,500 horsepower for a wide variety of equipment in the mining, rail, defense, oil and gas, and commercial marine applications throughout the world. across these markets, we have major customers in north america, europe, the middle east, africa, china, korea, japan, latin america, india, russia, southeast asia, south pacific and mexico.
47
•   generator technologies - we design, manufacture, sell and support a/c generator/alternator products for internal consumption and for external generator set assemblers. our products are sold under the stamford, avk and markon brands and range in output from 3 kilovolt-amperes (kva) to 12,000 kva.
sales for our power systems segment by product line were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                   2016 vs. 2015                       2015 vs. 2014
in millions                            2016                  2015                  2014         amount          percent             amount          percent power generation                 2,235                 2,570                 2,633           (335    )        (13   )%            (63    )         (2   )%
industrial                         963                 1,137                 1,331           (174    )        (15   )%           (194    )        (15   )%
generator technologies             319                   360                   450            (41    )        (11   )%            (90    )        (20   )%
total sales                     $3,517                $4,067                $4,414          $(550    )        (14   )%          $(347    )         (8   )%
high-horsepower unit shipments by engine classification were as follows:
favorable/(unfavorable)
years ended december 31,                   2016 vs. 2015                        2015 vs. 2014
2016               2015                 2014                       amount          percent              amount          percent power generation        7,900                8,600                8,700           (700   )           (8   )%           (100   )           (1   )%
industrial              4,400                5,200                6,100           (800   )          (15   )%           (900   )          (15   )%
total units            12,300               13,800               14,800         (1,500   )          (11   )%         (1,000   )           (7   )%
2016 vs. 2015
sales power systems segment sales decreased $550 million across all product lines versus 2015. the following were the primary drivers:
•   power generation sales decreased $335 million, in most regions, with the largest declines in demand primarily in asia, the middle east, north america, latin america, china, western europe, africa and mexico.
•   industrial sales decreased $174 million primarily due to lower demand in north america (mainly oil and gas and mining markets, partially offset by rail markets), asia (mainly marine and mining markets), china (mainly marine and mining markets) and africa.
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales results primarily in the british pound, indian rupee and chinese renminbi.
•   generator technologies sales decreased $41 million primarily due to lower demand in china and north america.
segment ebit in 2015, we incurred a restructuring charge of $26 million for actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to the continued deterioration in our global markets.
power systems segment ebit decreased $72 million versus 2015, primarily due to lower gross margin, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses, favorable foreign currency fluctuations (primarily the british pound), lower research, development and engineering expenses, restructuring actions and other charges in 2015 and a gain from the divestiture of an equity investee. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
48
year ended december 31, 2016 vs. 2015
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                                         amount          percent                 percentage point changeas a percent of sales gross margin                                                  $(215      )          (21    )%                              (2.3                        )
selling, general and administrative expenses                     75                   16   %                                0.3
research, development and engineering expenses                   37                   16   %                                0.2
equity, royalty and interest income from investees              (14      )          (25    )%                              (0.2                        )
restructuring actions and other charges (1)                      26                 nm                                      0.6
gain on sale of an equity investee                               17                 nm                                      0.5
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see restructuring actions and other charges section of "results of operations" for additional information.
the decrease in gross margin versus 2015 was primarily due to lower volumes and increased project costs. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses as the result of restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015 and lower consulting expenses. the decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to reduced project spending, lower consulting expenses and lower compensation expenses as the result of restructuring actions taken in the fourth quarter of 2015. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to the impact of an $8 million asset impairment incurred by one of our joint ventures. in the fourth quarter of 2016, we sold our remaining 49 percent interest in cummins olayan energy for $61 million and recognized a gain of $17 million.
2015 vs. 2014
sales power systems segment sales decreased $347 million overall and declined in all product lines versus 2014. the following were the primary drivers:
•   industrial sales decreased, primarily due to lower demand in north america, china, the middle east and western europe, partially offset by africa and india.
•   generator technologies sales decreased, primarily due to lower demand in western europe, china, the u.k. and north america.
•   power generation sales decreased, primarily due to lower demand in north america, brazil and russia, partially offset by higher demand in the middle east, africa, india and mexico.
•   foreign currency fluctuations unfavorably impacted sales results (primarily the euro, brazilian real and indian rupee).
segment ebit power systems segment ebit decreased $26 million versus 2014, primarily due to lower gross margin, restructuring charges and lower equity, royalty and interest income from investees, partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expenses and lower research, development and engineering expenses. major components of ebit and related changes to segment ebit and ebit as a percentage of sales were as follows:
year ended december 31, 2015 vs. 2014
favorable/(unfavorable) change in millions                                             amount                      percent              percentage point changeas a percent of sales gross margin                                            $(53          )             (5     )%     0.7
selling, general and administrative expenses                     39          8             %             -
research, development and engineering expenses                   24          10            %      0.1
equity, royalty and interest income from investees      (12           )             (18    )%            (0.1                     )
restructuring actions and other charges (1)             (26           )             nm                   (0.6                     )
__________________________________________________________________________
"nm" - not meaningful information
(1) see restructuring actions and other charges section of "results of operations" for additional information.
49
the decrease in gross margin versus 2014 was primarily due to lower volumes and unfavorable pricing, partially offset by savings from operating actions taken in december of 2014. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses as the result of operating actions taken in december of 2014 and lower consulting expenses. the decrease in research, development and engineering expenses was primarily due to lower compensation expenses as the result of operating actions taken in december of 2014. the decrease in equity, royalty and interest income from investees was primarily due to lower equity earnings in china.
reconciliation of segment ebit to net income attributable to cummins inc.
the table below reconciles the segment information to the corresponding amounts in the consolidated statements of income.
years ended december 31, in millions                                                              2016                  2015                  2014
total segment ebit                                                $1,982                $2,110                $2,567
non-segment ebit (1)                                                  17                   (20    )              (69    )
total ebit                                                         1,999                 2,090                 2,498
less: interest expense                                                69                    65                    64
income before income taxes                                         1,930                 2,025                 2,434
less: income tax expense                                             474                   555                   698
consolidated net income                                            1,456                 1,470                 1,736
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interest              62                    71                    85
net income attributable to cummins inc.                           $1,394                $1,399                $1,651
_______________________________________________
(1) includes intersegment profit in inventory eliminations and unallocated corporate expenses. the year ended december 31, 2015, included an $11 million corporate restructuring charge. there were no significant unallocated corporate expenses for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2014.
50
liquidity and capital resources key working capital and balance sheet data we fund our working capital with cash from operations and short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, when necessary. various assets and liabilities, including short-term debt, can fluctuate significantly from month to month depending on short-term liquidity needs. as a result, working capital is a prime focus of management attention. working capital and balance sheet measures are provided in the following table:
dollars in millions                                      december 31,             december 31,
2016                     2015
working capital (1)                                     $3,382                   $4,144
current ratio                                             1.78                     2.09
accounts and notes receivable, net                      $3,025                   $2,820
days' sales in receivables                                  61                       55
inventories                                             $2,675                   $2,707
inventory turnover                                         4.7                      4.9
accounts payable (principally trade)                    $1,854                   $1,706
days' payable outstanding                                   51                       48
total debt                                              $1,856                   $1,639
total debt as a percent of total capital (2)              20.6      %              17.5      %
____________________________________
(1) working capital includes cash and cash equivalents.
(2) the increase in our debt to capital ratio was due to higher total debt, as a result of the commercial paper program added in 2016, and a net decrease in shareholders' equity.
cash flows cash and cash equivalents were impacted as follows:
years ended december 31,                                            change in millions                                                    2016                 2015                  2014                           2016 vs. 2015       2015 vs. 2014
net cash provided by operating activities                             $1,935                $2,059                $2,266                  $(124      )       $(207         )
net cash used in investing activities                                   (917    )             (918    )           (1,234    )                 1          316
net cash used in financing activities                                 (1,409    )           (1,644    )           (1,343    )               235              (301          )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents            (200    )              (87    )              (87    )              (113      )       -
net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                              $(591    )            $(590    )            $(398    )               $(1      )       $(192         )
2016 vs. 2015
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $124 million versus 2015, primarily due to the absence of the 2015 impairment of light-duty diesel assets of $211 million and a $123 million year over year impact related to restructuring, partially offset by an increase in deferred income taxes of $158 million and higher loss contingency charges of $62 million resulting in lower cash net income in 2016.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $1 million versus 2015, primarily due to lower capital expenditures of $213 million and proceeds from the sale of equity investees of $60 million, partially offset by higher net investments in marketable securities of $160 million and changes in cash flows from derivatives not designated as hedges of $110 million.
net cash used in financing activities decreased $235 million versus 2015, primarily due to higher net borrowings of commercial paper of $212 million, lower common stock repurchases of $122 million and higher proceeds from borrowings of $67 million, partially offset by higher acquisitions of noncontrolling interests of $88 million and higher payments on borrowings and capital lease obligations of $87 million.
the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents decreased $113 million versus 2015, primarily due to the british pound, which decreased cash and cash equivalents by $112 million.
51
2015 vs. 2014
net cash provided by operating activities decreased $207 million versus 2014, primarily due to lower consolidated net income of $266 million and unfavorable working capital fluctuations of $328 million, partially offset by the impact of the non-cash impairment of light-duty diesel assets of $211 million. during 2015, the higher working capital requirements resulted in a cash outflow of $260 million compared to a cash inflow of $68 million in 2014. this change of $328 million was primarily driven by a decrease in accrued expenses and accounts payable, partially offset by a decrease in inventory and accounts and notes receivable.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $316 million versus 2014, primarily due to lower cash investment for the acquisitions of businesses of $319 million.
net cash used in financing activities increased $301 million versus 2014, primarily due to higher common stock repurchases of $230 million and higher dividend payments of $110 million.
sources of liquidity we generate significant ongoing cash flow. cash provided by operations is our principal source of liquidity with $1.9 billion provided in 2016.
at december 31, 2016, our sources of liquidity included:
december 31, 2016
in millions                                                                      total              u.s.            international       primary location of international balances cash and cash equivalents                                                   $1,120              $323                  $797              u.k., singapore, china marketable securities (1)                                                      260                40                   220              india, china total                                                                       $1,380              $363                $1,017
available credit capacity revolving credit facility (2)                                               $1,538
international and other uncommitted domestic credit facilities (3)             128
____________________________________
(1) the majority of marketable securities could be liquidated into cash within a few days.
(2) the revolving credit facility is maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings and general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2016, we had $212 million of commercial paper outstanding, which effectively reduced the $1.75 billion available capacity under our revolving credit facility to $1.54 billion.
(3) the available capacity is net of letters of credit.
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities a significant portion of our cash flows is generated outside the u.s. the geographic location of our cash and marketable securities aligns well with our ongoing investments. we manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. as a result, we do not anticipate any local liquidity restrictions to preclude us from funding our operating needs with local resources.
if we distribute our foreign cash balances to the u.s. or to other foreign subsidiaries, we could be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes, for example, if we repatriated cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings we have asserted are permanently reinvested outside of the u.s. foreign earnings for which we assert permanent reinvestment outside the u.s. consist primarily of earnings of our china and u.k. domiciled subsidiaries. at present, we do not foresee a need to repatriate any earnings from these subsidiaries for which we have asserted permanent reinvestment. however, to help fund cash needs of the u.s. or other international subsidiaries as they arise, we repatriate available cash from certain foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are not permanently reinvested when it is cost effective to do so. earnings generated after december 31, 2011, from our china operations are considered permanently reinvested, while earnings generated prior to january 1, 2012, for which u.s. deferred tax liabilities have been recorded, are expected to be repatriated in future years.
debt facilities and other sources of liquidity in february 2016, the board of directors authorized the issuance of up to $1.75 billion of unsecured short-term promissory notes ("commercial paper") pursuant to a commercial paper program. the program will facilitate the private placement of unsecured short-term debt through third party brokers. we intend to use the net proceeds from the commercial paper program for general corporate purposes.
52
we have a $1.75 billion revolving credit facility, the proceeds of which can be used for general corporate purposes. this facility expires on november 13, 2020. the revolving credit facility is maintained primarily to provide backup liquidity for our commercial paper borrowings, letters of credit and general corporate purposes. the total combined borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility and commercial paper program should not exceed $1.75 billion. see note 9, "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. the credit agreement includes one financial covenant: a leverage ratio. the required leverage ratio, which measures the sum of total debt plus securitization financing to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, for the four fiscal quarters ended on such date may not exceed 3.5 to 1.0. at december 31, 2016, our leverage ratio was 0.75 to 1.0.
as a well-known seasoned issuer, we filed an automatic shelf registration for an undetermined amount of debt and equity securities with the securities and exchange commission on february 16, 2016. under this shelf registration we may offer, from time to time, debt securities, common stock, preferred and preference stock, depositary shares, warrants, stock purchase contracts and stock purchase units.
the maturity schedule of our existing long-term debt does not require significant cash outflows in the intermediate term. required annual principal payments range from $4 million to $35 million over each of the next five years.
uses of cash share repurchases in december 2016, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon completion of the 2015 repurchase plan. in november 2015, our board of directors authorized the acquisition of up to $1 billion of additional common stock upon the completion of the 2014 repurchase plan. in 2016, we made the following purchases under the respective purchase programs:
in millions (except per share amounts)for each quarter ended         sharespurchased              average costper share             total cost ofrepurchases   cash paid for shares not received                  remainingauthorizedcapacity (1)
july 2014, $1 billion repurchase program april 3 (2)                                                            2.7                            $100.12                                $274              -                                                                  $-
november 2015, $1 billion repurchase program april 3                                                                2.2                            $105.50                                $229              $100                                                             $671
july 3                                                                 1.8                             109.79                                 192              (100                        )                                     579
october 2                                                              0.4                             126.13                                  50              -                                                                 529
december 31                                                            0.2                             130.70                                  33              -                                                                 496
subtotal                                                               4.6                             110.29                                 504              -
total                                                                  7.3                            $106.48                                $778              $-
___________________________________________________________
(1) the remaining authorized capacity under the 2015 plan was calculated based on the cost to purchase the shares but excludes commission expenses in accordance with the authorized plan.
(2) upon completion of the accelerated share repurchase in the second quarter of 2016, the shares purchased and average cost per share were updated based on the final valuation.
in 2016, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement with a third party financial institution to repurchase $500 million of our common stock under our previously announced share repurchase plans and received 4.7 million shares at an average purchase price of $105.50 per share.
dividends total dividends paid to common shareholders in 2016, 2015 and 2014 were $676 million, $622 million and $512 million, respectively. declaration and payment of dividends in the future depends upon our income and liquidity position, among other factors, and is subject to declaration by our board of directors, who meet quarterly to consider our dividend payment. we expect to fund dividend payments with cash from operations.
in july 2016, our board of directors authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 5.1 percent from $0.975 per share to $1.025 per share. in july 2015, our board of directors authorized an increase to our quarterly dividend of 25 percent from $0.78 per share to $0.975 per share. in july 2014, the board of directors authorized a 25 percent increase to our quarterly dividend on our common stock from $0.625 per share to $0.78 per share. cash dividends per share paid to common shareholders for the last three years were as follows:
53
quarterly dividends
2016              2015                2014
first quarter           $0.975             $0.78              $0.625
second quarter           0.975              0.78               0.625
third quarter            1.025             0.975                0.78
fourth quarter           1.025             0.975                0.78
total                    $4.00             $3.51               $2.81
capital expenditures capital expenditures and spending on internal use software were $594 million in 2016, compared to $799 million in 2015. we continue to invest in new product lines and targeted capacity expansions. we plan to spend between $500 million and $530 million in 2017 on capital expenditures as we continue with product launches and facility improvements. approximately 50 percent of our capital expenditures are expected to be invested outside of the u.s. in 2017.
pensions the funded status of our pension plans is dependent upon a variety of variables and assumptions including return on invested assets, market interest rates and levels of voluntary contributions to the plans. in 2016, the investment return on our u.s. pension trust was 7.2 percent while our u.k. pension trust return was 25.5 percent. approximately 78 percent of our pension plan assets are held in highly liquid investments such as fixed income and equity securities. the remaining 22 percent of our plan assets are held in less liquid, but market valued investments, including real estate, private equity, venture capital, opportunistic credit and insurance contracts.
we sponsor funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension plans. contributions to these plans were as follows:
years ended december 31, in millions                                         2016                2015                2014
defined benefit pension plans voluntary contribution                         $133                 $82                $111
mandatory contribution                            1                 108                  94
defined benefit pension contributions           134                 190                 205
defined contribution pension plans              $68                 $74                 $73
we anticipate making total contributions of approximately $134 million to our defined benefit pension plans in 2017. expected contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2017 will meet or exceed the current funding requirements.
restructuring actions in 2015, we executed worldwide work force restructuring actions primarily in the form of professional voluntary and involuntary employee separation programs in response to lower demand for our products in the u.s. and key markets around the world. we incurred a charge of $90 million ($61 million after-tax) for the headcount reductions, with $86 million expected to be settled in cash. in 2016, we paid $58 million and as of december 31, 2016, substantially all terminations were complete. see note 20, "restructuring actions and other charges," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
acquisitions during 2016, we paid $109 million to acquire the remaining interest in the last two partially owned north american distributors, including the related debt retirements, and recognized a total gain of $15 million on the fair value adjustment resulting from the acquisition of the controlling interest in the previously unconsolidated entity. see note 18, "acquisitions," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
54
credit ratings our ratings and outlook from each of the credit rating agencies as of the date of filing are shown in the table below.
long-term            short-term credit rating agency (1)                senior debt rating   debt rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's rating services   a+                   a1            stable fitch ratings                           a                    f1            stable moody's investors service, inc.         a2                   p1            stable
____________________________________
(1)  credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, are subject to change and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. in addition, we undertake no obligation to update disclosures concerning our credit ratings, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
management's assessment of liquidity our financial condition and liquidity remain strong. our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. we believe our operating cash flow and liquidity provides us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations and debt service obligations. we continue to generate cash from operations in the u.s. and maintain access to our revolving credit facility as noted above.
55
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments a summary of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, at december 31, 2016, are as follows:
contractual cash obligations                                                                                    payments due by period in millions                                                     2017             2018-2019             2020-2021       after 2021                    total loans payable                                                $41                  $-                    $-             $-                          $41
long-term debt and capital lease obligations (1)             136                 255                   174             2,858                     3,423
operating leases                                             141                 182                   103                    93                   519
capital expenditures                                         254                   7                     -             -                           261
purchase commitments for inventory                           593                   -                     -             -                           593
other purchase commitments                                   254                  36                     2                     1                   293
other postretirement benefits                                 35                  65                    59                   126                   285
total                                                     $1,454                $545                  $338             $3,078                   $5,415
___________________________________________________________
(1)   includes principal payments and expected interest payments based on the terms of the obligations.
the contractual obligations reported above exclude our unrecognized tax benefits of $59 million as of december 31, 2016. we are not able to reasonably estimate the period in which cash outflows relating to uncertain tax contingencies could occur. see note 3, "income taxes," to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
our other commercial commitments at december 31, 2016, are as follows:
other commercial commitments                                                                                    payments due by period in millions                                                     2017             2018-2019             2020-2021            after 2021            total international and other domestic letters of credit           $77                 $57                    $4                    $2               $140
performance and excise bonds                                  69                   3                    12                     1                 85
guarantees, indemnifications and other commitments             9                   2                     4                     9                 24
total                                                       $155                 $62                   $20                   $12               $249
application of critical accounting estimates a summary of our significant accounting policies is included in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," of our consolidated financial statements which discusses accounting policies that we have selected from acceptable alternatives.
our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. (gaap) which often requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions regarding uncertainties that affect the reported amounts presented and disclosed in the financial statements. management reviews these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, changes in business conditions and other relevant factors they believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. in any given reporting period, our actual results may differ from the estimates and assumptions used in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting estimates are defined as follows: the estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the estimate was made; different estimates reasonably could have been used; or if changes in the estimate are reasonably likely to occur from period to period and the change would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. our senior management has discussed the development and selection of our accounting policies, related accounting estimates and the disclosures set forth below with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our critical accounting estimates include those addressing the estimation of liabilities for warranty programs, accounting for income taxes and pension benefits.
56
warranty programs we estimate and record a liability for base warranty programs at the time our products are sold. our estimates are based on historical experience and reflect management's best estimates of expected costs at the time products are sold and subsequent adjustment to those expected costs when actual costs differ. as a result of the uncertainty surrounding the nature and frequency of product recall programs, the liability for such programs is recorded when we commit to a recall action or when a recall becomes probable and estimable, which generally occurs when it is announced. our warranty liability is generally affected by component failure rates, repair costs and the point of failure within the product life cycle. future events and circumstances related to these factors could materially change our estimates and require adjustments to our liability. new product launches require a greater use of judgment in developing estimates until historical experience becomes available. product specific experience is typically available four or five quarters after product launch, with a clear experience trend evident eight quarters after launch. we generally record warranty expense for new products upon shipment using a preceding product's warranty history and a multiplicative factor based upon preceding similar product experience and new product assessment until sufficient new product data is available for warranty estimation. we then use a blend of actual new product experience and preceding product historical experience for several subsequent quarters, and new product specific experience thereafter. note 10, "product warranty liability," to our consolidated financial statements contains a summary of the activity in our warranty liability account for 2016 and 2015 including adjustments to pre-existing warranties.
accounting for income taxes we determine our income tax expense using the asset and liability method. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax effects of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. future tax benefits of net operating loss and credit carryforwards are also recognized as deferred tax assets. we evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets each quarter by assessing the likelihood of future profitability and available tax planning strategies that could be implemented to realize our net deferred tax assets. at december 31, 2016, we recorded net deferred tax assets of $344 million. these assets included $313 million for the value of net operating loss and credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance of $307 million was recorded to reduce the tax assets to the net value management believed was more likely than not to be realized. in the event our operating performance deteriorates, future assessments could conclude that a larger valuation allowance will be needed to further reduce the deferred tax assets. in addition, we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to tax audits in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we accrue for the estimated additional tax and interest that may result from tax authorities disputing uncertain tax positions. we have taken and we believe we have made adequate provision for income taxes for all years that are subject to audit based upon the latest information available. a more complete description of our income taxes and the future benefits of our net operating loss and credit carryforwards is disclosed in note 3, "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements.
pension benefits we sponsor a number of pension plans primarily in the u.s. and the u.k. and to a lesser degree in various other countries. in the u.s. and the u.k., we have several major defined benefit plans that are separately funded. we account for our pension programs in accordance with employers' accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans under gaap. gaap requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined using an actuarial basis. as a result, our pension benefit programs are based on a number of statistical and judgmental assumptions that attempt to anticipate future events and are used in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans each year at december 31. these assumptions include discount rates used to value liabilities, assumed rates of return on plan assets, future compensation increases, employee turnover rates, actuarial assumptions relating to retirement age, mortality rates and participant withdrawals. the actuarial assumptions we use may differ significantly from actual results due to changing economic conditions, participant life span and withdrawal rates. these differences may result in a material impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements in the future.
the expected long-term return on plan assets is used in calculating the net periodic pension cost. we considered several factors in developing our expected rate of return on plan assets. the long-term rate of return considers historical returns and expected returns on current and projected asset allocations and is generally applied to a five-year average market value of return. projected returns are based primarily on broad, publicly traded fixed income and equity indices and forward-looking estimates of active portfolio and investment management. at december 31, 2016, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.s. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 10-year projection period equal to or in excess of 7.25 percent approximately 35 percent of the time while returns of 8.0 percent or greater are anticipated 26 percent of the time, including the additional positive returns expected from active investment management. despite the 2016 one-year return of 7.2 percent, our plan assets have averaged 10.0 percent returns since 2010, and resulted in approximately $271 million of
57
actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income in the same period. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe an investment return assumption of 7.25 percent per year in 2017 for u.s. pension assets is reasonable.
the methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the u.k. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations. at december 31, 2016, based upon our target asset allocations, it is anticipated that our u.k. investment policy will generate an average annual return over the 20-year projection period equal to or in excess of 3.9 percent approximately 50 percent of the time while returns of 4.6 percent or greater are anticipated 25 percent of the time. we expect additional positive returns from active investment management. the one-year return for our u.k. plan was 25.5 percent for 2016, and similar to our u.s. plan, the strong returns since 2010 have resulted in approximately $544 million of actuarial gains in accumulated other comprehensive income. our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. therefore, the risk and return balance of our asset portfolio should reflect a long-term horizon. based on the historical returns and forward-looking return expectations, we believe an investment return assumption of 4.5 percent in 2017 for u.k. pension assets is reasonable. our pension plan asset allocations at december 31, 2016 and 2015 and target allocation for 2017 are as follows:
u.s. plans                                                                             u.k. plans target allocation                   percentage of plan assets at december 31,          target allocation                   percentage of plan assets at december 31, investment description                       2017                       2016                             2015                       2017            2016                             2015
fixed income                      57.0          %            57.8          %                  65.9          %            64.0          %            60.7          %                  53.0          %
equity securities                 24.0          %            29.0          %                  21.5          %            23.0          %            30.4          %                  39.0          %
real estate/other                 19.0          %            13.2          %                  12.6          %            13.0          %             8.9          %                   8.0          %
total                            100.0          %           100.0          %                 100.0          %           100.0          %           100.0          %                 100.0          %
the differences between the actual return on plan assets and expected long-term return on plan assets are recognized in the asset value used to calculate net periodic cost over five years. the table below sets forth the expected return assumptions used to develop our pension cost for the period 2014-2016 and our expected rate of return for 2017.
long-term expected return assumptions
2017              2016              2015              2014
u.s. plans       7.25     %        7.50     %        7.50     %        7.50     %
u.k. plans       4.50     %        4.70     %        5.80     %        5.80     %
a lower expected rate of return will increase our net periodic pension cost and reduce profitability.
gaap for pensions offers various acceptable alternatives to account for the differences that eventually arise between the estimates used in the actuarial valuations and the actual results. it is acceptable to delay or immediately recognize these differences. under the delayed recognition alternative, changes in pension obligation (including those resulting from plan amendments) and changes in the value of assets set aside to meet those obligations are not recognized in net periodic pension cost as they occur but are recognized initially in accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently amortized as components of net periodic pension cost systematically and gradually over future periods. in addition to this approach, gaap also allows immediate recognition of actuarial gains or losses. immediate recognition introduces volatility in financial results. we have chosen to delay recognition and amortize actuarial differences over future periods. if we adopted the immediate recognition approach, we would record a loss of $951 million ($634 million after-tax) from cumulative actuarial net losses for our u.s. and u.k. pension plans.
the difference between the expected return and the actual return on plan assets is deferred from recognition in our results of operations and, under certain circumstances such as when the difference exceeds 10 percent of the market value of plan assets or the projected benefit obligation, amortized over future years of service. this is also true of changes to actuarial assumptions. under gaap, the actuarial gains and losses are recognized and recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. at december 31, 2016, we had net pension actuarial losses of $770 million and $172 million for the u.s. and u.k. pension plans, respectively. as these amounts exceed 10 percent of their respective plan assets, the excess is amortized over the average remaining service lives of participating employees. net actuarial losses decreased our shareholders' equity by $65 million after-tax in 2016. the loss is due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. and unfavorable foreign currency, partially offset by strong asset performance in the u.k.
58
the table below sets forth the net periodic pension cost for the years ended december 31 and our expected cost for 2017.
in millions                 2017            2016            2015            2014
net periodic pension cost         $83             $42             $63             $57
we expect 2017 net periodic pension cost to increase compared to 2016, primarily due to onboarding a significant portion of our newly acquired north american distributors to cummins pension benefits, a lower expected rate of return in the u.s. and u.k. and lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. the decrease in net periodic pension cost in 2016 compared to 2015 was due to reduced loss amortizations in the u.s. and u.k. and higher discount rates in the u.s. and u.k., partially offset by lower expected asset returns in the u.k. as we de-risked plan trust assets. the increase in net periodic pension cost in 2015 compared to 2014 was due to lower discount rates in the u.s. and u.k. and unfavorable mortality demographics in the u.s. another key assumption used in the development of the net periodic pension cost is the discount rate. the weighted average discount rates used to develop our net periodic pension cost are set forth in the table below.
discount rates
2017          2016          2015          2014
u.s. plans      4.12   %      4.47   %      4.07   %      4.83   %
u.k. plans      2.70   %      3.95   %      3.80   %      4.60   %
changes in the discount rate assumptions will impact the interest cost component of the net periodic pension cost calculation.
the discount rate enables us to state expected future cash payments for benefits as a present value on the measurement date. the guidelines for setting this rate are discussed in gaap which suggests the use of a high-quality corporate bond rate. we used bond information provided by moody's investor services, inc. and standard & poor's rating services. all bonds used to develop our hypothetical portfolio in the u.s. and u.k. were deemed high-quality, non-callable bonds (aa or better) at december 31, 2016, by at least one of the bond rating agencies.
our model called for projected payments until near extinction for the u.s. and the u.k. for both countries, our model matches the present value of the plan's projected benefit payments to the market value of the theoretical settlement bond portfolio. a single equivalent discount rate is determined to align the present value of the required cash flow with the value of the bond portfolio. the resulting discount rate is reflective of both the current interest rate environment and the plan's distinct liability characteristics.
the table below sets forth the estimated impact on our 2017 net periodic pension cost relative to a change in the discount rate and a change in the expected rate of return on plan assets.
in millions         impact on pension cost increase/(decrease)
discount rate used to value liabilities
0.25 percent increase                              $(15                )
0.25 percent decrease                                16
expected rate of return on assets
1 percent increase                               (43                )
1 percent decrease                                43
the above sensitivities reflect the impact of changing one assumption at a time. a higher discount rate decreases the plan obligations and decreases our net periodic pension cost. a lower discount rate increases the plan obligations and increases our net periodic pension cost. it should be noted that economic factors and conditions often affect multiple assumptions simultaneously and the effects of changes in key assumptions are not necessarily linear. note 8, "pension and other postretirement benefits," to our consolidated financial statements provides a summary of our pension benefit plan activity, the funded status of our plans and the amounts recognized in our consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting pronouncements in august 2016, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) amended its standards related to the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments. the new standard will make eight targeted changes to how cash receipts and cash payments are presented and classified in the statement of cash flows. the standard is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017, and interim periods within those fiscal years. early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. if
59
an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. an entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same period. the new standard will require adoption on a retrospective basis unless it is impracticable to apply, in which case it would be required to apply the amendments prospectively as of the earliest date practicable. we are in the process of evaluating the impact this standard will have on our consolidated statements of cash flows.
in june 2016, the fasb amended its standards related to the accounting for credit losses on financial instruments. this amendment introduces new guidance for accounting for credit losses on instruments including trade receivables and held-to-maturity debt securities. the new rules are effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2019. early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. we are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in march 2016, the fasb amended its standards related to the accounting for stock compensation. this amendment addresses several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment transactions that could impact us including, but not limited to, recognition of excess tax benefits or deficiencies in the income statement each period and classification of the excess tax benefits or deficiencies as operating activities in the cash flow statement. the new standard is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2016. the adoption of this standard could result in future volatility in our income tax expense since all excess tax benefits and deficiencies are now recorded in the income statement. we are unable to estimate this impact since the amount of excess benefits and deficiencies are dependent on our stock price at the time a stock award vests or is exercised.
in february 2016, the fasb amended its standards related to the accounting for leases. under the new standard, lessees will now be required to recognize substantially all leases on the balance sheet as both a right-of-use-asset and a liability. the standard will continue to have two types of leases for income statement recognition purposes: operating leases and finance leases. operating leases will result in the recognition of a single lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term similar to the treatment for operating leases under today's standards. finance leases will result in an accelerated expense similar to the accounting for capital leases under today's standards. the determination of a lease classification as operating or finance will be done in a manner similar to today's standard. the new standard also contains amended guidance regarding the identification of embedded leases in service contracts and the identification of lease and non-lease components in an arrangement. the new standard is effective on january 1, 2019, with early adoption permitted. we are still evaluating the impact the standard could have on our consolidated financial statements; however, while we have not yet quantified the amount, we do expect the standard will have a material impact on our consolidated balance sheets due to the recognition of additional assets and liabilities for operating leases.
in january 2016, the fasb amended its standards related to the accounting for certain financial instruments. this amendment addresses certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure. the new rules will become effective for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is not permitted. we are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb amended its standards related to revenue recognition. this amendment replaces all existing revenue recognition guidance and provides a single, comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers. the standard contains principles that we will apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized. the underlying principle is that we will recognize revenue in a manner that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. the guidance provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. other major provisions include capitalization of certain contract costs, consideration of the time value of money in the transaction price and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. the amendment also requires additional disclosure about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and changes in those judgments and assets recognized from costs incurred to fulfill a contract. the standard allows either full or modified retrospective adoption effective for annual and interim periods beginning january 1, 2018. we are in the process of evaluating the impact the amendment will have on our consolidated financial statements. we expect to adopt the standard using the modified retrospective approach. while we have not yet completed our evaluation process, we have identified that a change will be required related to our accounting for remanufactured product sales that include an exchange of the used product, referred to as core. revenue is not currently recognized related to the core component unless the used product is not returned. under the new standard, the transaction will be accounted for as a gross sale and a purchase of inventory. as a result the exchange will increase both sales and cost of sales, in equal amounts, related to the used core. this will not impact gross margin dollars, but will impact the gross margin percentage. we are still quantifying the amount of this change. we have also identified transactions where revenue recognition is currently limited to the amount of billings not contingent on our future performance. with the allocation provisions of the new model, we expect to accelerate the
60
timing of revenue recognition for amounts related to satisfied performance obligations that would have been delayed under the current guidance. we do not expect the impact of this change to be material, but we are still quantifying the impact.
