item 1a.   risk factors we are a holding company that conducts all of our business operations through subsidiaries, primarily houston electric and cerc. we also own interests in enable. the following, along with any additional legal proceedings identified or incorporated by reference in item 3 of this report, summarizes the principal risk factors associated with the businesses conducted by our subsidiaries and our interests in enable:
risk factors associated with our consolidated financial condition as a holding company with no operations of our own, we will depend on distributions from our subsidiaries and from enable to meet our payment obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock, and provisions of applicable law or contractual restrictions could limit the amount of those distributions.
we derive all of our operating income from, and hold all of our assets through, our subsidiaries, including our interests in enable. as a result, we depend on distributions from our subsidiaries and enable to meet our payment obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock. in general, our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide us with funds for our payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or otherwise. in addition, provisions of applicable law, such as those limiting the legal sources of dividends, limit our subsidiaries' ability to make payments or other distributions to us, and our subsidiaries could agree to contractual restrictions on their ability to make distributions. for a discussion
15
of risks that may impact the amount of cash distributions we receive with respect to our interests in enable, please read " - additional risk factors affecting our interests in enable midstream partners, lp - our cash flows will be adversely impacted if we receive less cash distributions from enable than we currently expect."
our right to receive any assets of any subsidiary, and therefore the right of our creditors to participate in those assets, will be effectively subordinated to the claims of that subsidiary's creditors, including trade creditors. in addition, even if we were a creditor of any subsidiary, our rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to that held by us.
if we are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our ability to refinance existing indebtedness could be limited.
our businesses are capital intensive in nature. we depend on long-term debt to finance a portion of our capital expenditures and refinance our existing debt and on short-term borrowings through our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs to satisfy liquidity needs to the extent not satisfied by cash flow from our business operations. as of december 31, 2016, we had $8.6 billion of outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis, which includes $2.3 billion of non-recourse securitization bonds. as of december 31, 2016, approximately $850 million principal amount of this debt is required to be paid through 2019. this amount excludes principal repayments of approximately $1.3 billion on securitization bonds, for which dedicated revenue streams exist. our future financing activities may be significantly affected by, among other things:
•   general economic and capital market conditions;
•   credit availability from financial institutions and other lenders;
•   volatility or fluctuations in distributions from enable's units or volatility in enable's unit price;
•   investor confidence in us and the markets in which we operate;
•   maintenance of acceptable credit ratings;
•   market expectations regarding our future earnings and cash flows;
•   our ability to access capital markets on reasonable terms;
•   our exposure to genon (formerly known as rri energy, inc., reliant energy and rri), a wholly-owned subsidiary of nrg, in connection with certain indemnification obligations;
•   incremental collateral that may be required due to regulation of derivatives; and
•   provisions of relevant tax and securities laws.
as of december 31, 2016, houston electric had approximately $2.6 billion aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds outstanding under the general mortgage, including approximately $118 million held in trust to secure pollution control bonds for which we are obligated. additionally, as of december 31, 2016, houston electric had approximately $102 million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds outstanding under the mortgage. houston electric may issue additional general mortgage bonds on the basis of retired bonds, 70% of property additions or cash deposited with the trustee. approximately $4.1 billion of additional first mortgage bonds and general mortgage bonds in the aggregate could be issued on the basis of retired bonds and 70% of property additions as of december 31, 2016. however, houston electric has contractually agreed that it will not issue additional first mortgage bonds, subject to certain exceptions.
our current credit ratings are discussed in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources - other matters - impact on liquidity of a downgrade in credit ratings" in item 7 of part ii of this report. these credit ratings may not remain in effect for any given period of time and one or more of these ratings may be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to access capital on acceptable terms.
16
an impairment of goodwill, long-lived assets, including intangible assets, and equity and cost method investments could reduce our earnings.
goodwill is recorded when the purchase price of a business exceeds the fair market value of the tangible and separately measurable intangible net assets. accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america require us to test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or when events or circumstances occur indicating that goodwill might be impaired. long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite useful lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
for investments we account for under the equity or cost method, the impairment test considers whether the fair value of such investment as a whole, not the underlying net assets, has declined and whether that decline is other than temporary. for example, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we determined that an other than temporary decrease in the value of our equity investment in enable had occurred. this determination was based on the sustained low enable common unit price and further declines in such price during the year, as well as the market outlook for continued depressed crude oil and natural gas prices impacting the midstream oil and gas industry. we wrote down the value of our investment in enable to its estimated fair value which resulted in impairment charges of $1,225 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. additionally, we recorded our share, $621 million, of impairment charges enable recorded for goodwill and long-lived assets, for a total impairment charge of $1,846 million.
if enable's unit price, distributions or earnings were to decline to levels below those used in our impairment tests in 2015, and that decline is deemed to be other than temporary, we could determine that we are unable to recover the carrying value of our equity investment in enable. considerable judgment is used in determining if an impairment loss is other than temporary and the amount of any impairment. a sustained low enable common unit price could result in our recording further impairment charges in the future. if we determine that an impairment is indicated, we would be required to take an immediate non-cash charge to earnings with a correlative effect on equity and balance sheet leverage as measured by debt to total capitalization.
poor investment performance of the pension plan, factors adversely affecting the calculation of pension liabilities and increasing health care costs could unfavorably impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial position.
we maintain a qualified defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. our costs of providing this plan are dependent upon a number of factors including the investment returns on plan assets, the level of interest rates used to calculate the funded status of the plan, our contributions to the plan and government regulations with respect to funding requirements and the calculation of plan liabilities. funding requirements may increase and we may be required to make unplanned contributions in the event of a decline in the market value of plan assets, a decline in the interest rates used to calculate the present value of future plan obligations or government regulations that increase minimum funding requirements or the pension liability. in addition to affecting our funding requirements, each of these factors could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial position. further, increasing health care costs and the effects of health care reform or any future legislative changes could also materially affect our benefit programs and costs. our costs of providing employee benefits and related funding requirements could also increase materially in the future should there be a material reduction in the amount of the recovery of these costs through our rates or should significant delays develop in the timing of the recovery of such costs, which could adversely affect our financial results.
the use of derivative contracts in the normal course of business by us, our subsidiaries or enable could result in financial losses that could negatively impact our results of operations and those of our subsidiaries or enable.
we and our subsidiaries use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, to manage our commodity, weather and financial market risks. enable may also use such instruments from time to time to manage its commodity and financial market risk. we, our subsidiaries or enable could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values or ineffectiveness of these contracts or should a counterparty fail to perform. in the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these financial instruments can involve management's judgment or use of estimates. as a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.
risk factors affecting our electric transmission & distribution business rate regulation of houston electric's business may delay or deny houston electric's ability to earn a reasonable return and fully recover its costs.
houston electric's rates are regulated by certain municipalities and the puct based on an analysis of its invested capital, its expenses and other factors in a test year in comprehensive base rate proceedings, subject to periodic review and adjustment using
17
mechanisms like those discussed below. each of these rate proceedings is subject to third-party intervention and appeal, and the timing of a general base rate proceeding may be out of houston electric's control. the rates that houston electric is allowed to charge may not match its costs at any given time, which is referred to as "regulatory lag."
though several interim adjustment mechanisms have been implemented to reduce the effects of regulatory lag, such adjustment mechanisms are subject to the applicable regulatory body's approval and are subject to limitations that may reduce houston electric's ability to adjust rates. for example, the dcrf mechanism adjusts an electric utility's rates for increases in net distribution-invested capital (e.g., distribution plant and intangible plant and communication equipment) since its last comprehensive base rate proceeding, but houston electric may make a dcrf filing only once per year and up to four times between comprehensive rate proceedings. the tcos mechanism allows a transmission service provider to update its wholesale transmission rates to reflect changes in transmission-related invested capital, but is only available twice a year.
houston electric can make no assurance that filings for such mechanisms will result in favorable adjustments to rates. further, the regulatory process by which rates are determined is subject to change as a result of the legislative process or rulemaking, as the case may be, and may not always be available or result in rates that will produce recovery of houston electric's costs or enable houston electric to earn a reasonable return. in addition, changes to the interim adjustment mechanisms could result in an increase in regulatory lag or otherwise impact houston electric's ability to recover its costs in a timely manner. to the extent the regulatory process does not allow houston electric to make a full and timely recovery of appropriate costs, its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
disruptions at power generation facilities owned by third parties could interrupt houston electric's sales of transmission and distribution services.
houston electric transmits and distributes to customers of reps electric power that the reps obtain from power generation facilities owned by third parties. houston electric does not own or operate any power generation facilities. if power generation is disrupted or if power generation capacity is inadequate, houston electric's sales of transmission and distribution services may be diminished or interrupted, and its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
houston electric's revenues and results of operations are seasonal.
a significant portion of houston electric's revenues is derived from rates that it collects from each rep based on the amount of electricity it delivers on behalf of such rep. thus, houston electric's revenues and results of operations are subject to seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in electricity usage, with revenues generally being higher during the warmer months. unusually mild weather in the warmer months could diminish our results of operations and harm our financial condition. conversely, extreme warm weather conditions could increase our results of operations in a manner that would not likely be annually recurring.
the ams deployed throughout houston electric's service territory may experience unexpected problems with respect to the timely receipt of accurate metering data.
houston electric has deployed an ams throughout its service territory. the deployment consisted, among other elements, of replacing existing meters with new electronic meters that record metering data at 15-minute intervals and wirelessly communicate that information to houston electric over a bi-directional communications system installed for that purpose. the ams integrates equipment and computer software from various vendors to eliminate the need for physical meter readings to be taken at consumers' premises, such as monthly readings for billing purposes and special readings associated with a customer's change in reps or the connection or disconnection of electric service. unanticipated difficulties could be encountered during the operation of the ams, including failures or inadequacy of equipment or software, difficulties in integrating the various components of the ams, changes in technology, cyber-security issues and factors outside the control of houston electric, which could result in delayed or inaccurate metering data that might lead to delays or inaccuracies in the calculation and imposition of delivery or other charges, which could have a material adverse effect on houston electric's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
houston electric could be subject to higher costs and fines or other sanctions as a result of mandatory reliability standards.
the ferc has jurisdiction with respect to ensuring the reliability of electric transmission service, including transmission facilities owned by houston electric and other utilities within ercot. the ferc has designated the nerc as the ero to promulgate standards, under ferc oversight, for all owners, operators and users of the bulk power system. the ferc has approved the delegation by the nerc of authority for reliability in ercot to the tre, a functionally independent division of ercot. compliance with the mandatory reliability standards may subject houston electric to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. in addition, if houston electric were to be found to be in noncompliance with applicable mandatory reliability standards, it could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties.
18
a substantial portion of houston electric's receivables is concentrated in a small number of reps, and any delay or default in payment could adversely affect houston electric's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
houston electric's receivables from the distribution of electricity are collected from reps that supply the electricity houston electric distributes to their customers. as of december 31, 2016, houston electric did business with approximately 64 reps. adverse economic conditions, structural problems in the market served by ercot or financial difficulties of one or more reps could impair the ability of these reps to pay for houston electric's services or could cause them to delay such payments. houston electric depends on these reps to remit payments on a timely basis. applicable regulatory provisions require that customers be shifted to another rep or a provider of last resort if a rep cannot make timely payments. applicable puct regulations significantly limit the extent to which houston electric can apply normal commercial terms or otherwise seek credit protection from firms desiring to provide retail electric service in its service territory, and houston electric thus remains at risk for payments related to services provided prior to the shift to another rep or the provider of last resort. the puct revised its regulations in 2009 to (i) increase the financial qualifications required of reps that began selling power after january 1, 2009, and (ii) authorize utilities to defer bad debts resulting from defaults by reps for recovery in a future rate case. a significant portion of houston electric's billed receivables from reps are from affiliates of nrg and energy future holdings. houston electric's aggregate billed receivables balance from reps as of december 31, 2016 was $193 million. approximately 33% and 12% of this amount was owed by affiliates of nrg and energy future holdings, respectively. in april 2014, energy future holdings publicly disclosed that it and the substantial majority of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, excluding oncor electric delivery company llc and its subsidiaries, filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the united states bankruptcy code in the united states bankruptcy court for the district of delaware. any delay or default in payment by reps could adversely affect houston electric's cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. if a rep were unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options, restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event such rep might seek to avoid honoring its obligations, and claims might be made by creditors involving payments houston electric had received from such rep.
risk factors affecting our natural gas distribution and energy services businesses rate regulation of cerc's business may delay or deny cerc's ability to earn a reasonable return and fully recover its costs.
cerc's rates for ngd are regulated by certain municipalities (in texas only) and state commissions in the context of comprehensive base rate proceedings, i.e., general rate cases, based on an analysis of ngd's invested capital, expenses and other factors in a test year (often either fully or partially historic), subject to periodic review and adjustment. a general rate case is also a very complex and resource intensive proceeding with a relatively long timeline for completion. thus, the rates that cerc is allowed to charge may not match its costs at any given time, resulting in what is referred to as "regulatory lag."
though several interim rate adjustment mechanisms have been approved by jurisdictional regulatory authorities and implemented by ngd to reduce the effects of regulatory lag, such adjustment mechanisms are subject to the applicable regulatory body's approval and are subject to certain limitations that may reduce ngd's ability to adjust its rates.
arkansas enacted legislation in 2015 allowing public utilities to elect to have their rates regulated pursuant to a frp, but such legislation provides for a utility's base rates to be adjusted once a year. in each of louisiana, mississippi and oklahoma, ngd makes annual filings utilizing various formula rate mechanisms that adjust rates based on a comparison of authorized return to actual return to achieve the allowed return rates in those jurisdictions. additionally, in minnesota, the mpuc implemented a full revenue decoupling pilot program in 2015, which separates approved revenues from the amount of natural gas used by its customers. the effectiveness of these filings and programs depends on the approval of the applicable state regulatory body.
in texas, ngd's houston, south texas, beaumont/east texas and texas coast divisions each submit annual grip filings to recover the incremental capital investments made in the preceding year. ngd must file a general rate case no later than five years after the initial grip implementation date.
ngd can make no assurances that such filings will result in favorable adjustments to its rates. notwithstanding the application of the rate mechanisms discussed above, the regulatory process in which rates are determined may not always result in rates that will produce full recovery of ngd's costs and enable ngd to earn a reasonable return on its invested capital. additionally, inherent in the regulatory process is some level of risk that jurisdictional regulatory authorities may initiate investigations of the prudence of operating expenses incurred or capital investments made by ngd and deny the full recovery of ngd's cost of service or the full recovery of incurred natural gas costs in rates. to the extent the regulatory process does not allow ngd to make a full and timely recovery of appropriate costs, its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
19
cerc's natural gas distribution and energy services businesses, including transportation and storage, are subject to fluctuations in notional natural gas prices as well as geographic and seasonal natural gas price differentials, which could affect the ability of cerc's suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or otherwise adversely affect cerc's liquidity and results of operations and financial condition.
cerc is subject to risk associated with changes in the notional price of natural gas as well as geographic and seasonal natural gas price differentials. increases in natural gas prices might affect cerc's ability to collect balances due from its customers and, for ngd, could create the potential for uncollectible accounts expense to exceed the recoverable levels built into cerc's tariff rates. in addition, a sustained period of high natural gas prices could (i) decrease demand for natural gas in the areas in which cerc operates, thereby resulting in decreased sales and revenues and (ii) increase the risk that cerc's suppliers or customers fail or are unable to meet their obligations. an increase in natural gas prices would also increase cerc's working capital requirements by increasing the investment that must be made in order to maintain natural gas inventory levels. additionally, a decrease in natural gas prices could increase the amount of collateral that cerc must provide under its hedging arrangements.
a decline in cerc's credit rating could result in cerc having to provide collateral under its shipping or hedging arrangements or to purchase natural gas.
if cerc's credit rating were to decline, it might be required to post cash collateral under its shipping or hedging arrangements or to purchase natural gas. if a credit rating downgrade and the resultant cash collateral requirement were to occur at a time when cerc was experiencing significant working capital requirements or otherwise lacked liquidity, cerc's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
cerc's revenues and results of operations are seasonal.
a substantial portion of cerc's revenues is derived from natural gas sales. thus, cerc's revenues and results of operations are subject to seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in natural gas usage, with revenues being higher during the winter months. unusually mild weather in the winter months could diminish our results of operations and harm our financial condition. conversely, extreme cold weather conditions could increase our results of operations in a manner that would not likely be annually recurring.
the states in which cerc provides regulated local natural gas distribution may, either through legislation or rules, adopt restrictions regarding organization, financing and affiliate transactions that could have significant adverse impacts on cerc's ability to operate.
from time to time, proposals have been put forth in some of the states in which cerc does business to give state regulatory authorities increased jurisdiction and scrutiny over organization, capital structure, intracompany relationships and lines of business that could be pursued by registered holding companies and their affiliates that operate in those states. some of these frameworks attempt to regulate financing activities, acquisitions and divestitures, and arrangements between the utilities and their affiliates, and to restrict the level of non-utility business that can be conducted within the holding company structure. additionally, they may impose record-keeping, record access, employee training and reporting requirements related to affiliate transactions and reporting in the event of certain downgrading of the utility's credit rating.
these regulatory frameworks could have adverse effects on cerc's ability to conduct its utility operations, to finance its business and to provide cost-effective utility service. in addition, if more than one state adopts restrictions on similar activities, it may be difficult for cerc and us to comply with competing regulatory requirements.
cerc's businesses must compete with alternate energy sources, which could result in cerc marketing less natural gas, which could have an adverse impact on cerc's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
cerc competes primarily with alternate energy sources such as electricity and other fuel sources. in some areas, intrastate pipelines, other natural gas distributors and marketers also compete directly with cerc for natural gas sales to end users. in addition, as a result of federal regulatory changes affecting interstate pipelines, natural gas marketers operating on these pipelines may be able to bypass cerc's facilities and market, sell and/or transport natural gas directly to commercial and industrial customers. any reduction in the amount of natural gas marketed, sold or transported by cerc as a result of competition may have an adverse impact on cerc's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
20
risk factors affecting our interests in enable midstream partners, lp we hold a substantial limited partnership interest in enable (54.1% of enable's outstanding limited partnership interests as of december 31, 2016), as well as 50% of the management rights in enable's general partner and a 40% interest in the incentive distribution rights held by enable's general partner. as of december 31, 2016, we owned an aggregate of 14,520,000 series a preferred units in enable. accordingly, our future earnings, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition will be affected by the performance of enable, the amount of cash distributions we receive from enable and the value of our interests in enable. factors that may have a material impact on enable's performance and cash distributions, and, hence, the value of our interests in enable, include the risk factors outlined below, as well as the risks described elsewhere under "risk factors" that are applicable to enable.
our cash flows will be adversely impacted if we receive less cash distributions from enable than we currently expect.
both cerc corp. and oge hold their limited partnership interests in enable in the form of both common units and subordinated units. we also hold series a preferred units in enable. for its series a preferred units, enable is expected to pay $0.625 per series a preferred unit, or $2.50 per series a preferred unit on an annualized basis. however, distributions on each series a preferred unit are not mandatory and are non-cumulative in the event distributions are not declared on the series a preferred units. enable is expected to pay a minimum quarterly distribution of $0.2875 per unit, or $1.15 per unit on an annualized basis, on its outstanding common and subordinated units to the extent it has sufficient cash from operations after establishment of cash reserves and payment of fees and expenses, including payments to its general partner and its affiliates (referred to as "available cash"). the principal difference between enable's common units and subordinated units is that in any quarter during the applicable subordination period, holders of the subordinated units are not entitled to receive any distribution of available cash until the common units have received the minimum quarterly distribution plus any arrearages in the payment of the minimum quarterly distribution on common units from prior quarters. if enable does not pay distributions on its subordinated units, its subordinated units will not accrue arrearages for those unpaid distributions. accordingly, if enable is unable to pay its minimum quarterly distribution, the amount of cash distributions we receive from enable may be adversely affected. enable may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to enable it to pay the minimum quarterly distribution or to pay distributions on the series a preferred units. additionally, distributions on the series a preferred units reduce the amount of available cash enable has to pay distributions on its common and subordinated units. the amount of cash enable can distribute on its common and subordinated units and its series a preferred units will principally depend upon the amount of cash it generates from its operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other things:
•   the fees and gross margins it realizes with respect to the volume of natural gas, ngls and crude oil that it handles;
•   the prices of, levels of production of, and demand for natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   the volume of natural gas, ngls and crude oil it gathers, compresses, treats, dehydrates, processes, fractionates, transports and stores;
•   the relationship among prices for natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   cash calls and settlements of hedging positions;
•   margin requirements on open price risk management assets and liabilities;
•   the level of competition from other midstream energy companies;
•   adverse effects of governmental and environmental regulation;
•   the level of its operation and maintenance expenses and general and administrative costs; and
•   prevailing economic conditions.
in addition, the actual amount of cash enable will have available for distribution will depend on other factors, including:
•   the level and timing of its capital expenditures;
•   the cost of acquisitions;
21
•   its debt service requirements and other liabilities;
•   fluctuations in its working capital needs;
•   its ability to borrow funds and access capital markets;
•   restrictions contained in its debt agreements;
•   the amount of cash reserves established by its general partner;
•   distributions paid on its series a preferred units; and
•   other business risks affecting its cash levels.
the amount of cash enable has available for distribution to us on its common and subordinated units and series a preferred units depends primarily on its cash flow rather than on its profitability, which may prevent enable from making distributions, even during periods in which enable records net income.
the amount of cash enable has available for distribution on its common and subordinated units and series a preferred units, depends primarily upon its cash flows and not solely on profitability, which will be affected by non-cash items. as a result, enable may make cash distributions during periods when it records losses for financial accounting purposes and may not make cash distributions during periods when it records net earnings for financial accounting purposes.
enable's series a preferred units are required to be redeemed in certain circumstances if they are not eligible for trading on the nyse, and enable may not have sufficient funds to redeem its series a preferred units if required to do so.
as a holder of enable's series a preferred units, we may request that enable list those units for trading on the nyse. if enable is unable to list the series a preferred units in certain circumstances, it will be required to redeem the series a preferred units. there can be no assurance that enable would have sufficient financial resources available to satisfy its obligation to redeem the series a preferred units. in addition, mandatory redemption of the series a preferred units could have a material adverse effect on enable's business, financial position, results of operations and ability to make quarterly cash distributions to its unitholders.
we are not able to exercise control over enable, which entails certain risks.
enable is controlled jointly by cerc corp. and oge, who each own 50% of the management rights in the general partner of enable. the board of directors of enable's general partner is composed of an equal number of directors appointed by oge and by us, the president and chief executive officer of enable's general partner and three directors who are independent as defined under the independence standards established by the nyse. accordingly, we are not able to exercise control over enable.
although we jointly control enable with oge, we may have conflicts of interest with enable that could subject us to claims that we have breached our fiduciary duty to enable and its unitholders.
cerc corp. and oge each own 50% of the management rights in enable's general partner, as well as limited partnership interests in enable, and interests in the incentive distribution rights held by enable's general partner. we also hold series a preferred units in enable. conflicts of interest may arise between us and enable and its unitholders. our joint control of the general partner of enable may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties including claims of conflicts of interest related to enable. in resolving these conflicts, we may favor our own interests and the interests of our affiliates over the interests of enable and its unitholders as long as the resolution does not conflict with enable's partnership agreement. these circumstances could subject us to claims that, in favoring our own interests and those of our affiliates, we breached a fiduciary duty to enable or its unitholders.
enable's contracts are subject to renewal risks.
as contracts with its existing suppliers and customers expire, enable may have to negotiate extensions or renewals of those contracts or enter into new contracts with other suppliers and customers. enable may be unable to extend or renew existing contracts or enter into new contracts on favorable commercial terms, if at all. depending on prevailing market conditions at the time of an extension or renewal, gathering and processing customers with fee based contracts may desire to enter into contracts under different fee arrangements. approximately 87% of enable's gross margin was generated from fee-based contracts during the year ended december 31, 2016. likewise, enable's transportation and storage customers may choose not to extend or renew expiring contracts
22
based on the economics of the related areas of production. to the extent enable is unable to renew or replace its expiring contracts on terms that are favorable, if at all, or successfully manage its overall contract mix over time, its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions could be adversely affected.
enable depends on a small number of customers for a significant portion of its gathering and processing services revenues and its transportation and storage services revenues. the loss of, or reduction in volumes from, these customers could result in a decline in sales of its gathering and processing or transportation and storage services and adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, 49% of enable's gathered natural gas volumes were attributable to the affiliates of continental, vine, geosouthern, xto energy and apache and 51% of its transportation and storage service revenues were attributable to affiliates of centerpoint energy, spire, xto energy, american electric power company and oge.
the loss of all or even a portion of the gathering and processing or transportation and storage services for any of these customers, the failure to extend or replace these contracts or the extension or replacement of these contracts on less favorable terms, as a result of competition or otherwise, could adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable's businesses are dependent, in part, on the drilling and production decisions of others.
enable's businesses are dependent on the drilling and production of natural gas and crude oil. enable has no control over the level of drilling activity in its areas of operation, or the amount of natural gas, ngl or crude oil reserves associated with wells connected to its systems. in addition, as the rate at which production from wells currently connected to its systems naturally declines over time, enable's gross margin associated with those wells will also decline. to maintain or increase throughput levels on its gathering and transportation systems and the asset utilization rates at its natural gas processing plants, enable's customers must continually obtain new natural gas, ngl and crude oil supplies. the primary factors affecting enable's ability to obtain new supplies of natural gas, ngls and crude oil and attract new customers to its assets are the level of successful drilling activity near its systems, its ability to compete for volumes from successful new wells and its ability to expand its capacity as needed. if enable is not able to obtain new supplies of natural gas, ngls and crude oil to replace the natural decline in volumes from existing wells, throughput on its gathering, processing, transportation and storage facilities will decline, which could adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions. enable has no control over producers or their drilling and production decisions, which are affected by, among other things:
•   the availability and cost of capital;
•   prevailing and projected commodity prices, including the prices of natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   demand for natural gas, ngls and crude oil;
•   levels of reserves;
•   geological considerations;
•   environmental or other governmental regulations, including the availability of drilling permits and the regulation of hydraulic fracturing; and
•   the availability of drilling rigs and other costs of production and equipment.
fluctuations in energy prices can also greatly affect the development of new natural gas, ngl and crude oil reserves. drilling and production activity generally decreases as commodity prices decrease. in general terms, the prices of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and other hydrocarbon products fluctuate in response to changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond enable's control. because of these factors, even if new natural gas, ngl or crude oil reserves are known to exist in areas served by enable's assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. declines in natural gas, ngl or crude oil prices can have a negative impact on exploration, development and production activity and, if sustained, could lead to decreases in such activity. in early 2016, natural gas and crude oil prices dropped to their lowest levels in over 10 years. both natural gas and crude oil prices increased moderately in the second half of 2016. sustained low natural gas, ngl or crude oil prices could also lead producers to shut in production from their existing wells. sustained reductions in exploration or production activity in enable's areas of operation could lead to further reductions in the utilization of its systems, which could adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
23
in addition, it may be more difficult to maintain or increase the current volumes on enable's gathering systems and processing plants, as several of the formations in the unconventional resource plays in which it operates generally have higher initial production rates and steeper production decline curves than wells in more conventional basins. should enable determine that the economics of its gathering assets do not justify the capital expenditures needed to grow or maintain volumes associated therewith, enable may reduce such capital expenditures, which could cause revenues associated with these assets to decline over time. in addition to capital expenditures to support growth, the steeper production decline curves associated with unconventional resource plays may require enable to incur higher maintenance capital expenditures relative to throughput over time, which will reduce its distributable cash flow.
because of these and other factors, even if new reserves are known to exist in areas served by enable's assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. reductions in drilling activity would result in enable's inability to maintain the current levels of throughput on its systems and could adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable's industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable competes with similar enterprises in its respective areas of operation. the principal elements of competition are rates, terms of service and flexibility and reliability of service. enable's competitors include large energy companies that have greater financial resources and access to supplies of natural gas, ngls and crude oil than enable. some of these competitors may expand or construct gathering, processing, transportation and storage systems that would create additional competition for the services enable provides to its customers. excess pipeline capacity in the regions served by enable's interstate pipelines could also increase competition and adversely impact enable's ability to renew or enter into new contracts with respect to its available capacity when existing contracts expire. in addition, enable's customers that are significant producers of natural gas or crude oil may develop their own gathering, processing, transportation and storage systems in lieu of using enable's systems. enable's ability to renew or replace existing contracts with its customers at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected by the activities of its competitors and customers. further, natural gas utilized as a fuel competes with other forms of energy available to end users, including electricity, coal and liquid fuels. increased demand for such forms of energy at the expense of natural gas could lead to a reduction in demand for natural gas gathering, processing, transportation and storage services. all of these competitive pressures could adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable may not be able to recover the costs of its substantial planned investment in capital improvements and additions, and the actual cost of such improvements and additions may be significantly higher than it anticipates.
enable's business plan calls for investment in capital improvements and additions. in enable's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016, enable stated that it expects that its expansion capital could range from approximately $455 million to $575 million and its maintenance capital could range from approximately $95 million to $125 million for the year ending december 31, 2017. in the second quarter of 2016, enable delayed the completion of the wildhorse plant, a cryogenic processing facility that it plans to connect to its super-header system in garvin county, oklahoma. enable also plans to construct natural gas gathering and compression infrastructure to support producer activity.
the construction of additions or modifications to enable's existing systems, and the construction of new midstream assets, involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties, many of which are beyond enable's control and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital, which may exceed its estimates. these projects may not be completed at the planned cost, on schedule or at all. the construction of new pipeline, gathering, treating, processing, compression or other facilities is subject to construction cost overruns due to labor costs, costs of equipment and materials such as steel, labor shortages or weather or other delays, inflation or other factors, which could be material. in addition, the construction of these facilities is typically subject to the receipt of approvals and permits from various regulatory agencies. those agencies may not approve the projects in a timely manner, if at all, or may impose restrictions or conditions on the projects that could potentially prevent a project from proceeding, lengthen its expected completion schedule and/or increase its anticipated cost. moreover, enable's revenues and cash flows may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if enable expands an existing pipeline or constructs a new pipeline, the construction may occur over an extended period of time, and enable may not receive any material increases in revenues or cash flows until the project is completed. in addition, enable may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production in a region in which such growth does not materialize. as a result, the new facilities may not be able to achieve enable's expected investment return, which could adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
24
in connection with enable's capital investments, enable may estimate, or engage a third party to estimate, potential reserves in areas to be developed prior to constructing facilities in those areas. to the extent enable relies on estimates of future production in deciding to construct additions to its systems, those estimates may prove to be inaccurate due to numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating future production. as a result, new facilities may not be able to attract sufficient throughput to achieve expected investment return, which could adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions. in addition, the construction of additions to existing gathering and transportation assets may require new rights-of-way prior to construction. those rights-of-way to connect new natural gas supplies to existing gathering lines may be unavailable and enable may not be able to capitalize on attractive expansion opportunities. additionally, it may become more expensive to obtain new rights-of-way or to renew existing rights-of-way. if the cost of renewing or obtaining new rights-of-way increases, enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions could be adversely affected.
natural gas, ngl and crude oil prices are volatile, and changes in these prices could adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions could be negatively affected by adverse movements in the prices of natural gas, ngls and crude oil depending on factors that are beyond enable's control. these factors include demand for these commodities, which fluctuates with changes in market and economic conditions and other factors, including the impact of seasonality and weather, general economic conditions, the level of domestic and offshore natural gas production and consumption, the availability of imported natural gas, lng, ngls and crude oil, actions taken by foreign natural gas and oil producing nations, the availability of local, intrastate and interstate transportation systems, the availability and marketing of competitive fuels, the impact of energy conservation efforts, technological advances affecting energy consumption and the extent of governmental regulation and taxation. in early 2016, natural gas and crude oil prices dropped to their lowest levels in over 10 years. both natural gas and crude oil prices increased moderately in the second half of 2016.
enable's natural gas processing arrangements expose it to commodity price fluctuations. in 2016, 8%, 46%, and 46% of enable's processing plant inlet volumes consisted of keep-whole arrangements, percent-of-proceeds or percent-of-liquids and fee-based, respectively. under a typical keep-whole arrangement, enable processes raw natural gas, extracts the ngls, replaces the extracted ngls with a btu equivalent amount of natural gas, delivers the processed and replacement natural gas to the producer, retains the ngls and sells the ngls for its own account. if enable is unable to sell the ngls extracted for more than the cost of the replacement natural gas, the margins on its sale of goods will be negatively affected.
under a typical percent-of-proceeds processing arrangement, enable purchases raw natural gas at a cost that is based on the amount of natural gas and ngls contained in the raw natural gas. enable then processes the raw natural gas, extracts the ngls and sells the processed natural gas and ngls for its own account. if enable is unable to sell the processed natural gas and ngls for more than the cost of the raw natural gas, the margins on its sale of goods will be negatively affected.
under a typical percent-of-liquids processing arrangement and a typical fee-based arrangement, enable purchases a portion of the raw natural gas that is equivalent to the amount of ngls it contains, processes the raw natural gas, extracts the ngls, returns the processed natural gas to the producer and sells the ngls for its own account. if enable is unable to sell the processed natural gas and ngls for more than the cost of raw natural gas, the margins on its sale of goods will be negatively affected.
at any given time, enable's overall portfolio of processing contracts may reflect a net short position in natural gas (meaning that enable is a net buyer of natural gas) and a net long position in ngls (meaning that enable is a net seller of ngls). as a result, enable's gross margin could be adversely impacted to the extent the price of ngls decreases in relation to the price of natural gas.
enable is exposed to credit risks of its customers, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by its key customers could adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
some of enable's customers may experience financial problems that could have a significant effect on their creditworthiness. severe financial problems encountered by its customers could limit enable's ability to collect amounts owed to it, or to enforce performance of obligations under contractual arrangements. in addition, many of enable's customers finance their activities through cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. the combination of reduction of cash flow resulting from declines in commodity prices, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facility and the lack of availability of debt or equity financing may result in a significant reduction of its customers' liquidity and limit their ability to make payment or perform on their obligations to enable. furthermore, some of enable's customers may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks, which increases the risk that they may default on their obligations to enable. financial problems experienced by enable's customers could result in the impairment of its assets, reduction of its operating cash flows and may also reduce or curtail their future use of its products and services, which could reduce enable's revenues.
25
enable provides certain transportation and storage services under fixed-price "negotiated rate" contracts that are not subject to adjustment, even if its cost to perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such contracts, and, as a result, enable's costs could exceed its revenues received under such contracts.
enable has been authorized by the ferc to provide transportation and storage services at its facilities at negotiated rates. generally, negotiated rates are in excess of the maximum recourse rates allowed by the ferc, but it is possible that costs to perform services under "negotiated rate" contracts will exceed the revenues obtained under these agreements. if this occurs, it could decrease the cash flow realized by enable's systems and, therefore, decrease the cash it has available for distribution.
as of december 31, 2016, approximately 54% of enable's contracted firm transportation capacity and 44% of its contracted firm storage capacity was subscribed under such "negotiated rate" contracts. these contracts generally do not include provisions allowing for adjustment for increased costs due to inflation, pipeline safety activities or other factors that are not tied to an applicable tracking mechanism authorized by the ferc. successful recovery of any shortfall of revenue, representing the difference between "recourse rates" (if higher) and negotiated rates, is not assured under current ferc policies.
if third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to enable's gathering, processing or transportation facilities become partially or fully unavailable for any reason, enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions could be adversely affected.
enable depends upon third-party pipelines to deliver natural gas to, and take natural gas from, its natural gas transportation systems and upon third-party pipelines to take crude oil from its crude oil gathering systems. enable also depends on third-party facilities to transport and fractionate ngls that are delivered to the third party at the tailgates of enable's processing plants. fractionation is the separation of the heterogeneous mixture of extracted ngls into individual components for end-use sale. for example, an outage or disruption on certain pipelines or fractionators operated by a third party could result in the shutdown of certain of enable's processing plants and gathering systems, and a prolonged outage or disruption could ultimately result in a reduction in the volume of natural gas enable gathers and ngls it is able to produce. additionally, enable depends on third parties to provide electricity for compression at many of its facilities. since enable does not own or operate any of these third-party pipelines or other facilities, their continuing operation is not within its control. if any of these third-party pipelines or other facilities become partially or fully unavailable for any reason, enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions could be adversely affected.
enable does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities are located, which could disrupt its operations.
enable does not own all of the land on which its pipelines and facilities have been constructed, and it is therefore subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use if it does not have valid rights-of-way or if such rights-of-way lapse or terminate. enable may obtain the rights to construct and operate its pipelines on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. a loss of these rights, through enable's inability to renew right-of-way contracts or otherwise, could cause it to cease operations temporarily or permanently on the affected land, increase costs related to the construction and continuing operations elsewhere and adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable conducts a portion of its operations through joint ventures, which subject it to additional risks that could adversely affect the success of these operations and enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable conducts a portion of its operations through joint ventures with third parties, including spectra energy partners, lp, dcp midstream partners, lp, trans louisiana gas pipeline, inc. and pablo gathering llc. enable may also enter into other joint venture arrangements in the future. these third parties may have obligations that are important to the success of the joint venture, such as the obligation to pay their share of capital and other costs of the joint venture. the performance of these third-party obligations, including the ability of the third parties to satisfy their obligations under these arrangements, is outside enable's control. if these parties do not satisfy their obligations under these arrangements, enable's business may be adversely affected.
enable's joint venture arrangements may involve risks not otherwise present when operating assets directly, including, for example:
•   enable's joint venture partners may share certain approval rights over major decisions;
•   enable's joint venture partners may not pay their share of the joint venture's obligations, leaving enable liable for their shares of joint venture liabilities;
26
•   enable may be unable to control the amount of cash it will receive from the joint venture;
•   enable may incur liabilities as a result of an action taken by its joint venture partners;
•   enable may be required to devote significant management time to the requirements of and matters relating to the joint ventures;
•   enable's insurance policies may not fully cover loss or damage incurred by both enable and its joint venture partners in certain circumstances;
•   enable's joint venture partners may be in a position to take actions contrary to its instructions or requests or contrary to its policies or objectives; and
•   disputes between enable and its joint venture partners may result in delays, litigation or operational impasses.
the risks described above or the failure to continue enable's joint ventures or to resolve disagreements with its joint venture partners could adversely affect its ability to transact the business that is the subject of such joint venture, which would in turn adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions. the agreements under which enable formed certain joint ventures may subject it to various risks, limit the actions it may take with respect to the assets subject to the joint venture and require enable to grant rights to its joint venture partners that could limit its ability to benefit fully from future positive developments. some joint ventures require enable to make significant capital expenditures. if enable does not timely meet its financial commitments or otherwise does not comply with its joint venture agreements, its rights to participate, exercise operator rights or otherwise influence or benefit from the joint venture may be adversely affected. certain of enable's joint venture partners may have substantially greater financial resources than enable has and enable may not be able to secure the funding necessary to participate in operations its joint venture partners propose, thereby reducing its ability to benefit from the joint venture.
enable's ability to grow is dependent on its ability to access external financing sources.
enable expects that it will distribute all of its "available cash" to its unitholders. as a result, enable is expected to rely primarily upon external financing sources, including commercial bank borrowings and the issuance of debt and equity securities, to fund acquisitions and expansion capital expenditures. as a result, to the extent enable is unable to finance growth externally, enable's cash distribution policy will significantly impair its ability to grow. in addition, because enable is expected to distribute all of its available cash, its growth may not be as fast as businesses that reinvest their available cash to expand ongoing operations.
to the extent enable issues additional units in connection with any acquisitions or expansion capital expenditures, the payment of distributions on those additional units may increase the risk that enable will be unable to maintain or increase its per unit distribution level, which in turn may impact the available cash that it has to distribute on each unit. there are no limitations in enable's partnership agreement on its ability to issue additional units, including units ranking senior to the common units. the incurrence of additional commercial borrowings or other debt by enable to finance its growth strategy would result in increased interest expense, which in turn may negatively impact the available cash that enable has to distribute to its unitholders.
enable depends on access to the capital markets to fund its expansion capital expenditures. historically, unit prices of midstream master limited partnerships have experienced periods of volatility. in addition, because enable's common units are yield-based securities, rising market interest rates could impact the relative attractiveness of its common units to investors. as a result of capital market volatility, enable may be unable to issue equity or debt on satisfactory terms, or at all, which may limit its ability to expand its operations or make future acquisitions.
enable's debt levels may limit its flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business opportunities.
as of december 31, 2016, enable had approximately $3.0 billion of long-term debt outstanding, excluding the premiums on their senior notes. enable has a $1.75 billion revolving credit facility for working capital, capital expenditures and other partnership purposes, including acquisitions, of which $1.1 billion was available as of february 1, 2017. enable will continue to have the ability to incur additional debt, subject to limitations in its credit facilities. the levels of enable's debt could have important consequences, including the following:
•   the ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes may be impaired or the financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all;
27
•   a portion of cash flows will be required to make interest payments on the debt, reducing the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, future business opportunities and distributions;
•   enable's debt level will make it more vulnerable to competitive pressures or a downturn in its business or the economy generally; and
•   enable's debt level may limit its flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions.
enable's ability to service its debt will depend upon, among other things, its future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions, commodity prices and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond enable's control. if operating results are not sufficient to service current or future indebtedness, enable may be forced to take actions such as reducing distributions, reducing or delaying business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing debt, or seeking additional equity capital. these actions may not be effected on satisfactory terms, or at all.
enable's credit facilities contain operating and financial restrictions, including covenants and restrictions that may be affected by events beyond enable's control, which could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions.
enable's credit facilities contain customary covenants that, among other things, limit its ability to:
•   permit its subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional debt;
•   incur or permit to exist certain liens on assets;
•   dispose of assets;
•   merge or consolidate with another company or engage in a change of control;
•   enter into transactions with affiliates on non-arm's length terms; and
•   change the nature of its business.
enable's credit facilities also require it to maintain certain financial ratios. enable's ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond its control, and we cannot assure you that it will meet those ratios. in addition, enable's credit facilities contain events of default customary for agreements of this nature.
enable's ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in its credit facilities may be affected by events beyond its control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. if market or other economic conditions deteriorate, enable's ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. if enable violates any of the restrictions, covenants, ratios or tests in its credit facilities, a significant portion of its indebtedness may become immediately due and payable. in addition, enable's lenders' commitments to make further loans to it under the revolving credit facility may be suspended or terminated. enable might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
enable may be unable to obtain or renew permits necessary for its operations, which could inhibit its ability to do business.
performance of enable's operations require that enable obtains and maintains a number of federal and state permits, licenses and approvals with terms and conditions containing a significant number of prescriptive limits and performance standards in order to operate. all of these permits, licenses, approval limits and standards require a significant amount of monitoring, record keeping and reporting in order to demonstrate compliance with the underlying permit, license, approval limit or standard. noncompliance or incomplete documentation of enable's compliance status may result in the imposition of fines, penalties and injunctive relief. a decision by a government agency to deny or delay the issuance of a new or existing material permit or other approval, or to revoke or substantially modify an existing permit or other approval, could adversely affect enable's ability to initiate or continue operations at the affected location or facility and on its financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
additionally, in order to obtain permits and renewals of permits and other approvals in the future, enable may be required to prepare and present data to governmental authorities pertaining to the potential adverse impact that any proposed pipeline or processing-related activities may have on the environment, individually or in the aggregate, including on public and indian lands.
28
certain approval procedures may require preparation of archaeological surveys, endangered species studies and other studies to assess the environmental impact of new sites or the expansion of existing sites. compliance with these regulatory requirements is expensive and significantly lengthens the time required to prepare applications and to receive authorizations.
costs of compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations are significant, and the cost of compliance with future environmental laws and regulations may adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
enable is subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, wildlife conservation, natural resources and health and safety that could, among other things, delay or increase its costs of construction, restrict or limit the output of certain facilities and/or require additional pollution control equipment and otherwise increase costs. for instance, in may 2016, the epa issued final new source performance standards governing methane emissions imposing more stringent controls on methane and volatile organic compounds emissions at new and modified oil and natural gas production, processing, storage and transmission facilities. these rules have required changes to enable's operations, including the installation of new equipment to control emissions. the epa has also announced that it intends to impose methane emission standards for existing sources and has issued information collection requests to companies with production, gathering and boosting, gas processing, storage, and transmission facilities. additionally, several states are pursuing similar measures to regulate emissions of methane from new and existing sources. there are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these environmental statutes, rules and regulations. as a result of this continued regulatory focus, future federal and state regulations relating to enable's gathering and processing, transmission, and storage operations remain a possibility and could result in increased compliance costs on its operations. furthermore, if new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions are adopted in areas where enable's oil and natural gas exploration and production customers operate, they could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells, some or all of which could adversely affect demand for enable's services to those customers.
there is inherent risk of the incurrence of environmental costs and liabilities in enable's operations due to its handling of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and produced water, as well as air emissions related to its operations and historical industry operations and waste disposal practices. these matters are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection, including the discharge of materials into the environment and the protection of plants, wildlife, and natural and cultural resources. these laws and regulations can restrict or impact enable's business activities in many ways, such as restricting the way it can handle or dispose of wastes or requiring remedial action to mitigate pollution conditions that may be caused by its operations or that are attributable to former operators. joint and several strict liability may be incurred, without regard to fault, under certain of these environmental laws and regulations in connection with discharges or releases of wastes on, under or from enable's properties and facilities, many of which have been used for midstream activities for a number of years, oftentimes by third parties not under its control. private parties, including the owners of the properties through which enable's gathering systems pass and facilities where its wastes are taken for reclamation or disposal, may also have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance, as well as to seek damages for non-compliance, with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property damage. for example, an accidental release from one of enable's pipelines could subject it to substantial liabilities arising from environmental cleanup and restoration costs, claims made by neighboring landowners and other third parties for personal injury and property damage and fines or penalties for related violations of environmental laws or regulations. enable may be unable to recover these costs from insurance. moreover, the possibility exists that stricter laws, regulations or enforcement policies could significantly increase compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary. further, stricter requirements could negatively impact enable's customers' production and operations, resulting in less demand for its services.
increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in natural gas production by enable's customers, which could adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
hydraulic fracturing is common practice that is used by many of enable's customers to stimulate production of natural gas and crude oil from dense subsurface rock formations. the hydraulic fracturing process involves the injection of water, sand, and chemicals under pressure into targeted subsurface formations to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate production. hydraulic fracturing typically is regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions. in addition, certain federal agencies have proposed additional laws and regulations to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process. for example, in may 2016, the epa issued final new source performance standard requirements that impose more stringent controls on methane and volatile organic compounds emissions from oil and gas development and production operations, including hydraulic fracturing and other well completion activity. the epa also released the final results of its comprehensive research study on the potential adverse impacts that hydraulic fracturing may have on drinking water resources in december 2016. the epa concluded that hydraulic fracturing activities can impact drinking water resources under some circumstances, including large volume spills and inadequate mechanical
29
integrity of wells. the results of epa's study could spur action towards federal legislation and regulation of hydraulic fracturing or similar production operations. in past sessions, congress has considered, but not passed, legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing under the safe drinking water act and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process. the epa has issued the safe water drinking act permitting guidance for hydraulic fracturing operations involving the use of diesel fuel in fracturing fluids in those states where the epa is the permitting authority. additionally, the bureau of land management issued final rules to regulate hydraulic fracturing on federal lands in march 2015. although these rules were struck down by a federal court in wyoming in june 2016, an appeal of the decision is still pending.
some states have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities. local government also may seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular, in some cases banning hydraulic fracturing entirely. if new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where enable's oil and natural gas exploration and production customers operate, they could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities, and perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells, some or all of which activities could adversely affect demand for enable's services to those customers.
state and federal regulatory agencies recently have focused on a possible connection between the operation of injection wells used for oil and gas waste disposal and seismic activity. similar concerns have been raised that hydraulic fracturing may also contribute to seismic activity. when caused by human activity, such events are called induced seismicity. in march 2016, the united states geological survey identified six states with the most significant hazards from induced seismicity, including oklahoma, kansas, texas, colorado, new mexico and arkansas. in light of these concerns, some state regulatory agencies have modified their regulations or issued orders to address induced seismicity. for example, the occ has implemented volume reduction plans, and at times required shut-ins, for disposal wells injecting wastewater from oil and gas operations into the arbuckle formation. the occ also recently released well completion seismicity guidelines for operators in the south central oklahoma oil province and the sooner trend anadarko basin canadian and kingfisher counties that call for hydraulic fracturing operations to be suspended following earthquakes of certain magnitudes in the vicinity. certain environmental and other groups have also suggested that additional federal, state and local laws and regulations may be needed to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process. enable cannot predict whether additional federal, state or local laws or regulations applicable to hydraulic fracturing will be enacted in the future and, if so, what actions any such laws or regulations would require or prohibit. increased regulation and attention given to induced seismicity could lead to greater opposition to, and litigation concerning, oil and gas activities utilizing hydraulic fracturing or injection wells for waste disposal. additional legislation or regulation could also lead to operational delays or increased operating costs for enable's customers, which in turn could reduce the demand for enable's services.
other governmental agencies, including the doe, have evaluated or are evaluating various other aspects of hydraulic fracturing. these ongoing or proposed studies, depending on their degree of pursuit and any meaningful results obtained, could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing under the safe drinking water act or other regulatory mechanisms.
enable's operations are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local regulatory authorities. changes or additional regulatory measures adopted by such authorities could adversely affect enable's financial position, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions.
the rates charged by several of enable's pipeline systems, including for interstate gas transportation service provided by its intrastate pipelines, are regulated by the ferc. enable's pipeline operations that are not regulated by the ferc may be subject to state and local regulation applicable to intrastate natural and transportation services. the relevant states in which enable operates include north dakota, oklahoma, arkansas, louisiana, texas, missouri, kansas, mississippi, tennessee and illinois.
the ferc and state regulatory agencies also regulate other terms and conditions of the services enable may offer. if one of these regulatory agencies, on its own initiative or due to challenges by third parties, were to lower its tariff rates or deny any rate increase or other material changes to the types, or terms and conditions, of service enable might propose or offer, the profitability of enable's pipeline businesses could suffer. if enable were permitted to raise its tariff rates for a particular pipeline, there might be significant delay between the time the tariff rate increase is approved and the time that the rate increase actually goes into effect, which could also limit its profitability. furthermore, competition from other pipeline systems may prevent enable from raising its tariff rates even if regulatory agencies permit it to do so. the regulatory agencies that regulate enable's systems periodically implement new rules, regulations and terms and conditions of services subject to their jurisdiction. new initiatives or orders may adversely affect the rates charged for enable's services or otherwise adversely affect its financial position, results of operations and cash flows and ability to make cash distributions.
30
a change in the jurisdictional characterization of some of enable's assets by federal, state or local regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of its assets, which may cause its revenues to decline and operating expenses to increase.
enable's natural gas gathering and intrastate transportation operations are generally exempt from the jurisdiction of the ferc under the nga, but ferc regulation may indirectly impact these businesses and the markets for products derived from these businesses. the ferc's policies and practices across the range of its oil and natural gas regulatory activities, including, for example, its policies on interstate open access transportation, ratemaking, capacity release, and market center promotion may indirectly affect intrastate markets. in recent years, the ferc has pursued pro-competitive policies in its regulation of interstate oil and natural gas pipelines. however, we cannot assure you that the ferc will continue to pursue this approach as it considers matters such as pipeline rates and rules and policies that may indirectly affect the intrastate natural gas transportation business. although the ferc has not made a formal determination with respect to all of enable's facilities it considers to be gathering facilities, enable believes that its natural gas gathering pipelines meet the traditional tests that the ferc has used to determine that a pipeline is a gathering pipeline and are therefore not subject to ferc jurisdiction. the distinction between ferc-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services, however, has been the subject of substantial litigation, and the ferc determines whether facilities are gathering facilities on a case-by-case basis, so the classification and regulation of enable's gathering facilities is subject to change based on future determinations by the ferc, the courts or congress. if the ferc were to consider the status of an individual facility and determine that the facility and/or services provided by it are not exempt from ferc regulation under the nga and that the facility provides interstate service, the rates for, and terms and conditions of, services provided by such facility would be subject to regulation by the ferc under the nga or the ngpa. such regulation could decrease revenue, increase operating costs, and, depending upon the facility in question, could adversely affect enable's financial condition, results of operations and ability to make cash distributions. in addition, if any of enable's facilities were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the nga or the ngpa, this could result in the imposition of substantial civil penalties, as well as a requirement to disgorge revenues collected for such services in excess of the maximum rates established by the ferc.
natural gas gathering may receive greater regulatory scrutiny at the state level; therefore, enable's natural gas gathering operations could be adversely affected should they become subject to the application of state regulation of rates and services. enable's gathering operations could also be subject to safety and operational regulations relating to the design, construction, testing, operation, replacement and maintenance of gathering facilities. we cannot predict what effect, if any, such changes might have on enable's operations, but enable could be required to incur additional capital expenditures and increased costs depending on future legislative and regulatory changes.
other risk factors affecting our businesses or our interests in enable midstream partners, lp we are subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities arising from environmental laws and regulations.
our operations and the operations of enable are subject to stringent and complex laws and regulations pertaining to the environment. as an owner or operator of natural gas pipelines, distribution systems and storage, electric transmission and distribution systems, and the facilities that support these systems, we must comply with these laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels. these laws and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities in many ways, such as:
•   restricting the way we can handle or dispose of wastes;
•   limiting or prohibiting construction activities in sensitive areas such as wetlands, coastal regions, or areas inhabited by endangered species;
•   requiring remedial action to mitigate environmental conditions caused by our operations, or attributable to former operations;
•   enjoining the operations of facilities with permits issued pursuant to such environmental laws and regulations; and
•   impacting the demand for our services by directly or indirectly affecting the use or price of natural gas.
to comply with these requirements, we may need to spend substantial amounts and devote other resources from time to time to:
•   construct or acquire new facilities and equipment;
•   acquire permits for facility operations;
31
•   modify or replace existing and proposed equipment; and
•   clean or decommission waste management areas, fuel storage facilities and other locations.
failure to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including the assessment of monetary penalties, the imposition of remedial actions, and the issuance of orders enjoining future operations. certain environmental statutes impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean and restore sites where hazardous substances have been stored, disposed or released. moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the environment.
the recent trend in environmental regulation has been to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may impact the environment, and thus there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation, and actual future expenditures may be greater than the amounts we currently anticipate.
our insurance coverage may not be sufficient. insufficient insurance coverage and increased insurance costs could adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we currently have general liability and property insurance in place to cover certain of our facilities in amounts that we consider appropriate. such policies are subject to certain limits and deductibles and do not include business interruption coverage. insurance coverage may not be available in the future at current costs or on commercially reasonable terms, and the insurance proceeds received for any loss of, or any damage to, any of our facilities may not be sufficient to restore the loss or damage without negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in common with other companies in its line of business that serve coastal regions, houston electric does not have insurance covering its transmission and distribution system, other than substations, because houston electric believes it to be cost prohibitive. in the future, houston electric may not be able to recover the costs incurred in restoring its transmission and distribution properties following hurricanes or other disasters through issuance of storm restoration bonds or a change in its regulated rates or otherwise, or any such recovery may not be timely granted. therefore, houston electric may not be able to restore any loss of, or damage to, any of its transmission and distribution properties without negative impact on its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
our operations and enable's operations are subject to all of the risks and hazards inherent in the gathering, processing, transportation and storage of natural gas and crude oil, including:
•   damage to pipelines and plants, related equipment and surrounding properties caused by hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires and other natural disasters, acts of terrorism and actions by third parties;
•   inadvertent damage from construction, vehicles, farm and utility equipment;
•   leaks of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and other hydrocarbons or losses of natural gas, ngls and crude oil as a result of the malfunction of equipment or facilities;
•   ruptures, fires and explosions; and
•   other hazards that could also result in personal injury and loss of life, pollution and suspension of operations.
enable currently has general liability and property insurance in place to cover certain of its facilities in amounts that enable considers appropriate. such policies are subject to certain limits and deductibles. enable is not fully insured against all risks inherent in its business. these risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and pollution or other environmental damage. these risks may also result in curtailment or suspension of enable's operations. a natural disaster or other hazard affecting the areas in which enable operates could have a material adverse effect on enable's operations. enable does not have business interruption insurance coverage for all of its operations. insurance coverage may not be available in the future at current costs or on commercially reasonable terms, and the insurance proceeds received for any loss of, or any damage to, any of enable's facilities may not be sufficient to restore the loss or damage without negative impact on its results of operations and its ability to make cash distributions.
32
we, houston electric and cerc could incur liabilities associated with businesses and assets that we have transferred to others.
under some circumstances, we, houston electric and cerc could incur liabilities associated with assets and businesses we, houston electric and cerc no longer own. these assets and businesses were previously owned by reliant energy, a predecessor of houston electric, directly or through subsidiaries and include:
•   merchant energy, energy trading and rep businesses transferred to rri or its subsidiaries in connection with the organization and capitalization of rri prior to its initial public offering in 2001 and now owned by affiliates of nrg; and
•   texas electric generating facilities transferred to a subsidiary of texas genco in 2002, later sold to a third party and now owned by an affiliate of nrg.
in connection with the organization and capitalization of rri (now genon) and texas genco (now an affiliate of nrg), those companies and/or their subsidiaries assumed liabilities associated with various assets and businesses transferred to them and agreed to certain indemnity agreements of centerpoint energy entities. such indemnities have applied in cases such as the litigation arising out of sales of natural gas in california and other markets (the last remaining case involving centerpoint energy is now on appeal, following the district court's summary judgment in favor of ces, a subsidiary of cerc corp.) and various asbestos and other environmental matters that arise from time to time. genon has publicly disclosed that it may be unable to continue as a going concern and is exploring various options, including negotiations with creditors and lessors, refinancing, potential sale of assets, as well as the possibility of filing for protection under chapter 11 of the u.s. bankruptcy code. if any of the indemnifying entities were unable to meet their indemnity obligations or satisfy a liability that has been assumed or if claims in one or more of these lawsuits were successfully asserted against us, we, houston electric or cerc could incur liability and be responsible for satisfying the liability.
in connection with our sale of texas genco, the separation agreement was amended to provide that texas genco would no longer be liable for, and we would assume and agree to indemnify texas genco against, liabilities that texas genco originally assumed in connection with its organization to the extent, and only to the extent, that such liabilities are covered by certain insurance policies held by us, and in certain of the asbestos lawsuits we have agreed to continue to defend such claims to the extent they are covered by insurance maintained by us, subject to reimbursement of the costs of such defense by an nrg affiliate.
cyber-attacks, physical security breaches, acts of terrorism or other disruptions could adversely impact our or enable's results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
we and enable are subject to cyber and physical security risks related to adversaries attacking information technology systems, network infrastructure and facilities used to (i) manage operations and other business processes and (ii) protect sensitive information maintained in the normal course of business. the operation of our electric transmission and distribution system is dependent on not only physical interconnection of our facilities but also on communications among the various components of our system. such reliance on information and communication between and among those components has increased since deployment of smart meters and the intelligent grid.  similarly, our and enable's business operations are interconnected with external networks and facilities. the distribution of natural gas to our customers requires communications with enable's pipeline facilities and third-party systems. the gathering, processing and transportation of natural gas from enable's gathering, processing and pipeline facilities and crude oil gathering pipeline systems also rely on communications among its facilities and with third-party systems that may be delivering natural gas or crude oil into or receiving natural gas or crude oil and other products from enable's facilities. disruption of those communications, whether caused by physical disruption such as storms or other natural phenomena, by failure of equipment or technology or by manmade events, such as cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism, may disrupt our or enable's ability to conduct operations and control assets.
cyber-attacks and unauthorized access could also result in the loss of confidential, proprietary or critical infrastructure data or security breaches of other information technology systems that could disrupt operations and critical business functions, adversely affect reputation, increase costs and subject us or enable to possible legal claims and liability. neither we nor enable is fully insured against all cyber-security risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on either our, or enable's, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, our and enable's critical energy infrastructure may be targets of terrorist activities that could disrupt our respective business operations. any such disruptions could result in significant costs to repair damaged facilities and implement increased security measures, which could have a material adverse effect on either our or enable's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
33
failure to maintain the security of personally identifiable information could adversely affect us.
in connection with our business we collect and retain personally identifiable information of our customers, shareholders and employees. our customers, shareholders and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information, and the united states regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer, shareholder, employee or centerpoint energy data by cyber-crime or otherwise could adversely impact our reputation and could result in significant costs, fines and litigation.
our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected if we are unable to successfully operate our facilities or perform certain corporate functions.
our performance depends on the successful operation of our facilities. operating these facilities involves many risks, including:
•   operator error or failure of equipment or processes;
•   operating limitations that may be imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements;
•   labor disputes;
•   information technology or financial system failures that impair our information technology infrastructure, reporting systems or disrupt normal business operations;
•   information technology failure that affects our ability to access customer information or causes us to lose confidential or proprietary data that materially and adversely affects our reputation or exposes us to legal claims; and
•   catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, leaks, floods, droughts, hurricanes, terrorism, pandemic health events or other similar occurrences.
such events may result in a decrease or elimination of revenue from our facilities, an increase in the cost of operating our facilities or delays in cash collections, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
our success depends upon our ability to attract, effectively transition and retain key employees and identify and develop talent to succeed senior management.
we depend on our senior executive officers and other key personnel. our success depends on our ability to attract, effectively transition and retain key personnel. the inability to recruit and retain or effectively transition key personnel or the unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations. in addition, because of the reliance on our management team, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and develop talent to succeed senior management. the retention of key personnel and appropriate senior management succession planning will continue to be critically important to the successful implementation of our strategies.
failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could adversely impact our results of operations.
our business is dependent on our ability to recruit, retain, and motivate employees. certain circumstances, such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, a mismatch of existing skillsets to future needs, or the unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges such as a lack of resources, loss of knowledge or a lengthy time period associated with skill development. our costs, including costs to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and expertise to the new employees, or the future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate our business. if we are unable to successfully attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, our results of operations could be negatively affected.
climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for our services or enable's services.
regulatory agencies have from time to time considered adopting legislation, including modification of existing laws and regulations, to reduce ghgs, and there continues to be a wide-ranging policy and regulatory debate, both nationally and
34
internationally, regarding the potential impact of ghgs and possible means for their regulation.  following a finding by the epa that certain ghgs represent an endangerment to human health, the epa adopted two sets of rules regulating ghg emissions under the clean air act, one that requires a reduction in emissions of ghgs from motor vehicles and another that regulates emissions of ghgs from certain large stationary sources. the epa has also expanded its existing ghg emissions reporting requirements. these permitting and reporting requirements could lead to further regulation of ghgs by the epa. as a distributor and transporter of natural gas, or a consumer of natural gas in its pipeline and gathering businesses, cerc's or enable's revenues, operating costs and capital requirements, as applicable, could be adversely affected as a result of any regulatory action that would require installation of new control technologies or a modification of its operations or would have the effect of reducing the consumption of natural gas.  our electric transmission and distribution business, in contrast to some electric utilities, does not generate electricity and thus is not directly exposed to the risk of high capital costs and regulatory uncertainties that face electric utilities that burn fossil fuels to generate electricity.  nevertheless, houston electric's revenues could be adversely affected to the extent any resulting regulatory action has the effect of reducing consumption of electricity by ultimate consumers within its service territory. likewise, incentives to conserve energy or use energy sources other than natural gas could result in a decrease in demand for our services.
climate changes could result in more frequent and more severe weather events which could adversely affect the results of operations of our businesses.
to the extent climate changes occur, our businesses may be adversely impacted, though we believe any such impacts are likely to occur very gradually and hence would be difficult to quantify with specificity.  to the extent global climate change results in warmer temperatures in our service territories, financial results from our natural gas distribution businesses could be adversely affected through lower gas sales, and enable's natural gas gathering, processing and transportation and crude oil gathering businesses could experience lower revenues. another possible result of climate change is more frequent and more severe weather events, such as hurricanes or tornadoes.  since many of our facilities are located along or near the gulf coast, increased or more severe hurricanes or tornadoes could increase our costs to repair damaged facilities and restore service to our customers.  when we cannot deliver electricity or natural gas to customers or our customers cannot receive our services, our financial results can be impacted by lost revenues, and we generally must seek approval from regulators to recover restoration costs.  to the extent we are unable to recover those costs, or if higher rates resulting from our recovery of such costs result in reduced demand for our services, our future financial results may be adversely impacted.
we may be negatively impacted by changes in federal income tax policy.
the executive and legislative branches of the united states federal government have made public statements in support of comprehensive tax reform plans, including significant changes to corporate income tax laws. we are currently unable to predict whether these reform discussions will result in any significant changes to existing tax laws, or if any such changes would have a cumulative positive or negative impact on us or our regulatory activities.  it is possible that changes in the united states federal income tax laws could have an adverse effect on our or enable's results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
cerc and enable may incur significant costs and liabilities resulting from pipeline integrity and other similar programs and related repairs.
the dot has adopted regulations requiring pipeline operators to develop integrity management programs for transportation pipelines located in "high consequence areas," which are those areas where a leak or rupture could do the most harm. the regulations require pipeline operators, including cerc and enable, to, among other things:
•   perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity;
•   develop a baseline plan to prioritize the assessment of a covered pipeline segment;
•   identify and characterize applicable threats that could impact a high consequence area;
•   improve data collection, integration, and analysis;
•   develop processes for performance management, record keeping, management of change and communication;
•   repair and remediate pipelines as necessary; and
•   implement preventive and mitigating action.
35
recent regulatory proposals from phmsa would expand the scope of its safety, reporting and recordkeeping requirements for both natural gas and hazardous liquids (including crude oil and ngls) pipelines, as well as underground natural gas storage facilities. these proposals, if finalized, would impose additional costs on us and enable.
in march 2016, phmsa issued a notice of proposed rulemaking detailing proposed revisions to the safety standards applicable to natural gas transmission and gathering pipelines. the proposed rules include significant modifications which, if adopted, will result in significant operational and integrity management changes. these include requiring reconfirmation of the maximum allowable operating pressures in pipelines without reliable records, creating new material verification procedures, adding a new moderate consequence area, and tightening repair criteria for pipelines in both high and moderate consequence areas. other modifications include adding record-keeping and data collection obligations, and new requirements for monitoring gas quality and managing corrosion. the proposed rules also would expand the scope of gas gathering lines subject to phmsa regulation, including imposing minimum safety standards on certain larger, currently exempt, gathering lines, while subjecting all gathering-line operators to recordkeeping and annual reporting requirements from which they are currently exempt. other proposed changes, such as the modification to the definition of a transmission line, some record-keeping requirements, and some material verification obligations also may impact distribution pipelines although phmsa states that such far-reaching applicability is not its intent. phmsa is currently reviewing thousands of public comments submitted in july 2016. because the impact of these proposed rules remains uncertain, we are still monitoring and evaluating the effect of these proposed requirements on operations.
phmsa also issued a similar notice of proposed rulemaking for hazardous liquid pipelines in october 2015. both of these notices of proposed rulemaking would require inspections of pipeline areas affected by severe weather, natural disasters or similar events. in addition, the proposed hazardous liquid rule would extend phmsa reporting requirements to all gathering lines, require periodic inline inspections of pipelines outside of high consequence areas, require use of leak detection systems on all hazardous liquid pipelines, modify applicable repair criteria and set a timeline for pipelines subject to integrity management requirements to be capable of accommodating inline inspection tools. phmsa issued the final rule for hazardous liquid pipelines on january 13, 2017, but the rule's eventual implementation and effectiveness are uncertain as a result of a january 20, 2017 regulatory freeze. we will continue to monitor the status of this rulemaking and the effect of these proposed requirements on operations.
on december 14, 2016, phmsa announced an interim final rule to impose industry-developed recommendations as enforceable safety standards for downhole (underground) equipment, including wells, wellbore tubing, and casing, at both interstate and intrastate underground natural gas storage facilities. this rule went into effect on january 18, 2017, with a compliance deadline of january 18, 2018. both cerc and enable own and operate underground storage facilities that will be subject to this rule's provisions, which include procedures and practices for operations, maintenance, threat identification, monitoring, assessment, site security, emergency response and preparedness, training and recordkeeping. states may also impose more stringent standards on intrastate storage facilities. cerc and enable continue to assess the potential impact of this newly announced rule.
although many of cerc's and enable's pipelines fall within a class that is currently not subject to the requirements in phmsa's recent proposals, they may nonetheless incur significant cost and liabilities associated with repair, remediation, prevention or mitigation measures associated with their non-exempt pipelines, which are subject to existing requirements. work associated with phmsa requirements is part of cerc's and enable's normal integrity management program and neither expect to incur any extraordinary costs during 2017 to complete the testing required by existing dot regulations and their state counterparts. cerc and enable have not estimated the costs for any repair, remediation, preventive or mitigation actions that may be determined to be necessary as a result of the testing program, which could be substantial, or any lost cash flows resulting from shutting down their pipelines during the pendency of such repairs. should cerc or enable fail to comply with dot or comparable state regulations, they could be subject to penalties and fines.
aging infrastructure may lead to increased costs and disruptions in operations that could negatively impact our financial results.
centerpoint energy has risks associated with aging infrastructure assets. the age of certain of our assets may result in a need for replacement, or higher level of maintenance costs as a result of our risk based federal and state compliant integrity management programs.  failure to achieve timely recovery of these expenses could adversely impact revenues and could result in increased capital expenditures or expenses.
the operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees.
several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions. there are seven separate bargaining units in centerpoint energy, each with a unique collective bargaining agreement.  in 2016, houston electric entered into a renegotiated collective bargaining agreement with the ibew local 66, which is scheduled to expire in 2020, and cerc entered into two renegotiated collective bargaining agreements with professional employees
36
international union local 12, which are scheduled to expire in 2021. two collective bargaining agreements with united steelworkers local 227 and united steelworkers local 13-1 are scheduled to expire in june and july of 2017, respectively. the collective bargaining agreements with gas workers union, local 340 and the ibew local 949 are scheduled to expire in april and december of 2020, respectively. any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. these potential labor disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
our businesses will continue to have to adapt to technological change and may not be successful or may have to incur significant expenditures to adapt to technological change.
we operate in businesses that require sophisticated data collection, processing systems, software and other technology. some of the technologies supporting the industries we serve are changing rapidly. we expect that new technologies will emerge or grow that may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, and may require us to make significant expenditures so that we can continue to provide cost-effective and reliable methods of energy delivery. among such technological advances are distributed generation resources (e.g., rooftop solar), energy storage devices and more energy-efficient buildings and products designed to reduce consumption. as these technologies become a more cost-competitive option over time, certain customers may choose to meet their own energy needs and subsequently decrease usage of our systems and services.
our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and adapt to these technological changes in a cost-effective manner and to offer, on a timely basis, reliable services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards. if we fail to adapt successfully to any technological change or obsolescence, or fail to obtain access to important technologies or incur significant expenditures in adapting to technological change, our businesses, operating results, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
our or enable's potential business strategies and strategic initiatives, including merger and acquisition activities and the disposition of assets or businesses, may not be completed or perform as expected.
from time to time, we and enable have made and may continue to make acquisitions or divestitures of businesses and assets, form joint ventures or undertake restructurings. however, suitable acquisition candidates or potential buyers may not continue to be available on terms and conditions we or enable, as the case may be, find acceptable, or the expected benefits of completed acquisitions may not be realized fully or at all, or may not be realized in the anticipated timeframe. if we or enable are unable to make acquisitions or if those acquisitions do not perform as anticipated, our and enable's future growth may be adversely affected.
any completed or future acquisitions involve substantial risks, including the following:
•   acquired businesses or assets may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels;
•   acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate;
•   we or enable may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us, that exceed our estimates, or for which our rights to indemnification from the seller are limited;
•   we or enable may be unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully and realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical or financial problems; and
•   acquisitions, or the pursuit of acquisitions, could disrupt ongoing businesses, distract management, divert resources and make it difficult to maintain current business standards, controls and procedures.
for example, the success of cerc's acquisitions of continuum and aem will depend, in part, on its ability to realize the expected benefits, including operating efficiencies, cost savings and customer retention, from integrating continuum and aem with its existing energy services business. the integration process could be costly and time consuming and may result in the following challenges, among others:
•   unanticipated disruptions, issues or costs in integrating financial and accounting, information technology, communications and other systems;
37
•   potential inconsistencies in procedures, practices, policies, controls, and standards;
•   possible differences in compensation arrangements, management perspectives and corporate culture; and
•   loss of or difficulties retaining valuable employees or third-party relationships.
even with the successful integration of the businesses, cerc may not achieve the expected results. cerc anticipates that its acquisitions of continuum and aem will be accretive to earnings in 2017. any of the factors addressed above could decrease or delay the projected accretive effect of the transaction. failure to fully realize the expected benefits could adversely affect cerc's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in february 2016, we announced that we were exploring the use of a reit business model for all or part of our utility businesses. we have completed our evaluation and have decided not to pursue forming a reit structure for our utility business or any part thereof at this time. we also announced that we were evaluating strategic alternatives for our investment in enable, including a sale or spin-off qualifying under section 355 of the u.s. internal revenue code, and we continue to evaluate our alternatives, including retaining our investment. there can be no assurances that these evaluations will result in any specific action, and we do not intend to disclose further developments on these initiatives unless and until our board of directors approves a specific action or as otherwise required.
our business could be negatively affected as a result of the actions of activist shareholders.
publicly traded companies have increasingly become subject to campaigns by activist investors advocating corporate actions such as financial restructuring, increased borrowing, special dividends, stock repurchases or even sales of assets or the entire company. it is possible that activist shareholders may attempt to effect such changes or acquire control over us. responding to proxy contests and other actions by activist shareholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations and divert the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. additionally, perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of shareholder activism or changes to the composition of the board of directors may lead to the perception of a change in the direction of the business, instability or lack of continuity.  this may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel.
our bylaws designate the united states district court for the southern district of texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of harris county, texas as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders' flexibility in obtaining a judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.
our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the united states district court for the southern district of texas or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, the state district court of harris county, texas will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of ours to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other employee of ours pursuant to any provision of our articles of incorporation or bylaws (as either may be amended from time to time) or the texas business organizations code, and (iv) any action asserting a claim against us or any director, officer or other employee of ours governed by the internal affairs doctrine. these exclusive forum provisions may limit a shareholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees or agents. alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
we are involved in numerous legal proceedings, the outcome of which are uncertain, and resolutions adverse to us could negatively affect our financial results.
we are subject to numerous legal proceedings, the most significant of which are summarized in note14 of the consolidated financial statements. litigation is subject to many uncertainties, and we cannot predict the outcome of individual matters with assurance. final resolution of these matters may require additional expenditures over an extended period of time that may be in excess of established reserves and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
38
we are exposed to risks related to reduction in energy consumption due to factors including unfavorable economic conditions in our service territories, energy efficiency initiatives and use of alternative technologies.
our businesses are affected by reduction in energy consumption due to factors including economic climate in our service territories, energy efficiency initiatives and use of alternative technologies, which could impact our ability to grow our customer base and our rate of growth. declines in demand for electricity as a result of economic downturns in our regulated electric service territories will reduce overall sales and lessen cash flows, especially as industrial customers reduce production and, therefore, consumption of electricity. although houston electric is subject to regulated allowable rates of return and recovery of certain costs under periodic adjustment clauses, overall declines in electricity sold as a result of economic downturn or recession could reduce revenues and cash flows, thereby diminishing results of operations. additionally, prolonged economic downturns that negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows could result in future material impairment charges to write-down the carrying value of certain assets, including goodwill, to their respective fair values.
for example, our electric business is largely concentrated in houston, texas, where a higher percentage of employment is tied to the energy sector relative to other regions of the country. given the significant decline in energy and commodity prices in 2015 and 2016, and resulting low commodity prices which we expect to continue in 2017, the rate of growth in employment in houston has declined. in the event economic conditions further decline, the rate of growth in houston and the other areas in which we operate may also deteriorate. increases in customer defaults or delays in payment due to liquidity constraints could negatively impact our cash flows and financial condition.
growth in customer accounts and growth of customer usage each directly influence demand for electricity and the need for additional delivery facilities. customer growth and customer usage are affected by a number of factors outside our control, such as mandated energy efficiency measures, demand-side management goals, distributed generation resources and economic and demographic conditions, such as population changes, job and income growth, housing starts, new business formation and the overall level of economic activity.
certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by certain dates. additionally, technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric devices or other improvements in or applications of technology could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption.
some or all of these factors, could result in a lack of growth or decline in customer demand for electricity or number of customers, and may result in our failure to fully realize anticipated benefits from significant capital investments and expenditures which could have a material adverse effect on their financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
furthermore, we currently have energy efficiency riders in place to recover the cost of energy efficiency programs. should we be required to invest in conservation measures that result in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact.
if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, our ability to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows or prevent fraud may be adversely affected. as a result, investors could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could impact our businesses and the trading price of our securities.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, effectively prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. if our efforts to maintain internal controls are not successful, we are unable to maintain adequate controls over our financial reporting and processes in the future or we are unable to comply with our obligations under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, our operating results could be harmed or we may fail to meet our reporting obligations. ineffective internal controls also could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
our businesses may be adversely affected by the intentional misconduct of our employees.
we are committed to living our core values of safety, integrity, accountability, initiative and respect and complying with all applicable laws and regulations. despite that commitment and our efforts to prevent misconduct, it is possible for employees to engage in intentional misconduct, fail to uphold our core values, and violate laws and regulations for individual gain through contract or procurement fraud, misappropriation, bribery or corruption, fraudulent related-party transactions and serious breaches of our ethics and compliance code and standards of conduct/business ethics policy, among other policies. if such intentional misconduct by employees should occur, it could result in substantial liability, higher costs, increased regulatory scrutiny and negative public perceptions.
39
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in combination with our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 herein.
overview background we are a public utility holding company. our operating subsidiaries own and operate electric transmission and distribution and natural gas distribution facilities, supply natural gas to commercial and industrial customers and electric and natural gas utilities and own interests in enable as described below. our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries include:
•   houston electric, which engages in the electric transmission and distribution business in the texas gulf coast area that includes the city of houston;
•   cerc corp., which owns and operates natural gas distribution systems in six states; and
•   ces, which obtains and offers competitive variable and fixed-price physical natural gas supplies and services primarily to commercial and industrial customers and electric and natural gas utilities in 31 states.
as of december 31, 2016, we also owned an aggregate of 14,520,000 series a preferred units in enable, which owns, operates and develops natural gas and crude oil infrastructure assets, and cerc corp. owned approximately 54.1% of the limited partner interests in enable.
business segments in this management's discussion and analysis, we discuss our results from continuing operations on a consolidated basis and individually for each of our business segments. we also discuss our liquidity, capital resources and critical accounting policies. we are first and foremost an energy delivery company and it is our intention to remain focused on these segments of the energy business. the results of our business operations are significantly impacted by weather, customer growth, economic conditions, cost management, competition, rate proceedings before regulatory agencies and other actions of the various regulatory agencies to whose jurisdiction we are subject. our electric transmission and distribution services are subject to rate regulation and are reported in the electric transmission & distribution business segment, as are impacts of generation-related stranded costs and other true-up balances recoverable by the regulated electric utility. for further information about our electric transmission & distribution business segment, see "business - our business - electric transmission & distribution" in item 1 of part i of this report. our natural gas distribution services are also subject to rate regulation and are reported in the natural gas distribution business segment. for further information about our natural gas distribution business segment, see "business - our business - natural gas distribution" in item 1 of part i of this report. our energy services business segment includes non-rate regulated natural gas sales to, and transportation and storage services, for commercial and industrial customers. for further information about our energy services business segment, see "business - our business - energy services" in item 1 of part i of this report. the results of our midstream investments business segment are dependent upon the results of enable, which are driven primarily by the volume of natural gas, ngls and crude oil that enable gathers, processes and transports across its systems and other factors as discussed below under "- factors influencing our midstream investments segment." our other operations business segment includes office buildings and other real estate used in our business operations and other corporate operations which support all of our business operations.
executive summary factors influencing our businesses and industry trends we expect our and enable's businesses to continue to be affected by the key factors and trends discussed below. our expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. to the extent our underlying assumptions about, or interpretations of, available information prove to be incorrect, our actual results may vary materially from our expected results.
we are an energy delivery company. the majority of our revenues are generated from the sale of natural gas and the transmission and delivery of electricity by our subsidiaries. we do not own or operate electric generating facilities or make retail sales to end-use electric customers. to assess our financial performance, our management primarily monitors operating income and cash flows from our business segments. within these broader financial measures, we monitor margins, operation and maintenance expense,
43
interest expense, capital spending and working capital requirements. in addition to these financial measures, we also monitor a number of variables that management considers important to the operation of our business segments, including the number of customers, throughput, use per customer, commodity prices and heating and cooling degree days. we also monitor system reliability, safety factors and customer satisfaction to gauge our performance.
to the extent adverse economic conditions affect our suppliers and customers, results from our energy delivery businesses may suffer. for example, our electric business is largely concentrated in houston, texas, where a higher percentage of employment is tied to the energy sector relative to other regions of the country. although houston, texas has a diverse economy, employment in the energy industry remains important. to the extent population growth is affected by lower energy prices and there is financial pressure on some of our customers who operate within the energy industry, there may be an impact on the growth rate of our customer base and overall demand. given the significant decline in energy and commodity prices in 2015, the rate of growth in employment in houston, which had been greater than the national average, has declined and is now more in line with the national average. we expect this trend to continue in the foreseeable future. also, adverse economic conditions, coupled with concerns for protecting the environment, may cause consumers to use less energy or avoid expansions of their facilities, resulting in less demand for our services. reviewing recent years, year-over-year meter growth for houston electric hit a high in 2014 at 2.4%.  this growth slowed to 2.1% for 2015, largely as a result of the performance of the energy sector.  with some stabilization of the energy section in 2016, houston electric meter growth experienced an uptick to 2.3%.  we anticipate that this growth will continue at roughly 2%, in line with recent years.
performance of our electric transmission & distribution and natural gas distribution business segments is significantly influenced by the number of customers and energy usage per customer. weather conditions can have a significant impact on energy usage, and we compare our results on a weather adjusted basis. in 2016, our houston service area experienced above normal warmth with episodes of flooding. houston's average temperature of 71.4 degrees fahrenheit was the seventh highest (record 2012) going back to 1889. in 2015, our houston service area experienced some of the mildest temperatures on record during november and december. every state in which we distribute natural gas had a warmer than normal winter in 2016 and 2015. both the tdu and ngd have utilized weather hedges in the past to help reduce the impact of mild weather on its financial results.  however, only the tdu entered a weather hedge for the 2015-2016 and 2016-2017 heating seasons. ngd did not enter a weather hedge for the last two winter seasons as a result of ngd's minnesota division implementing a full decoupling pilot in july 2015.  we also have various rate mechanisms in place that help to mitigate the impact of abnormal weather on our financial results.  our long-term national trends indicate customers have reduced their energy consumption, and reduced consumption can adversely affect our results. however, due to more affordable energy prices and continued economic improvement in the areas we serve, the trend toward lower usage has slowed in some of the areas we serve. in minnesota and arkansas, rate adjustment mechanisms counter the impact of declining usage from energy efficiency improvements. in addition, in many of our service areas, particularly in the houston area and minnesota, we have benefited from growth in the number of customers. this growth also tends to mitigate the effects of reduced consumption.  we anticipate that this trend will continue as the regions' economies continue to grow.  the profitability of our businesses is influenced significantly by the regulatory treatment we receive from the various state and local regulators who set our electric and natural gas distribution rates.
our energy services business segment contracts with customers for transportation, storage and sales of natural gas on an unregulated basis.  its operations serve customers primarily in the central united states.  the segment benefits from favorable price differentials, either on a geographic basis or on a seasonal basis. while this business utilizes financial derivatives to mitigate the effects of price movements, it does not enter into risk management contracts for speculative purposes and maintains a low var to avoid significant financial exposures.  in 2016, ces acquired continuum, which included approximately 13,000 customers and 175 bcf of gas sales.  the customer base was comprised of a mix similar to our existing business.  this acquisition helped drive the overall operating income increase for energy services in 2016 as compared to 2015, excluding mark-to-market accounting for derivatives. in 2015 and 2014, energy services exhibited strong commercial and industrial customer results while capitalizing on asset optimization opportunities created by basis volatility. extreme cold weather in 2014 also increased throughput and margin from our weather sensitive customers. in january 2017, ces acquired aem. for more information regarding this acquisition, see note 19 to our consolidated financial statements.
the nature of our businesses requires significant amounts of capital investment, and we rely on internally generated cash, borrowings under our credit facilities, proceeds from commercial paper and issuances of debt and equity in the capital markets to satisfy these capital needs. we strive to maintain investment grade ratings for our securities to access the capital markets on terms we consider reasonable. a reduction in our ratings generally would increase our borrowing costs for new issuances of debt, as well as borrowing costs under our existing revolving credit facilities, and may prevent us from accessing the commercial paper markets. disruptions in the financial markets can also affect the availability of new capital on terms we consider attractive. in those circumstances, companies like us may not be able to obtain certain types of external financing or may be required to accept terms less favorable than they would otherwise accept. for that reason, we seek to maintain adequate liquidity for our businesses through existing credit facilities and prudent refinancing of existing debt.
44
the regulation of natural gas pipelines and related facilities by federal and state regulatory agencies affects our business. in accordance with natural gas pipeline safety and integrity regulations, we are making, and will continue to make, significant capital investments in our service territories, which are necessary to help operate and maintain a safe, reliable and growing natural gas system. our compliance expenses may also increase as a result of preventative measures required under these regulations. consequently, new rates in the areas we serve are necessary to recover these increasing costs.
we expect to make contributions to our pension plans aggregating approximately $46 million in 2017 but may need to make larger contributions in subsequent years. consistent with the regulatory treatment of such costs, we can defer the amount of pension expense that differs from the level of pension expense included in our base rates for our electric transmission & distribution business segment and natural gas distribution business segment in texas.
factors influencing our midstream investments segment the results of our midstream investments segment are dependent upon the results of enable, which are driven primarily by the volume of natural gas, ngls and crude oil that enable gathers, processes and transports across its systems. these volumes depend significantly on the level of production from natural gas wells connected to enable's systems across a number of u.s. mid-continent markets. aggregate production volumes are affected by the overall amount of oil and gas drilling and completion activities. production must be maintained or increased by new drilling or other activity, because the production rate of oil and gas wells declines over time.
enable expects its business to continue to be impacted by the trends affecting the midstream industry, discussed below. enable's outlook is based on its management's assumptions regarding the impact of these trends that it has developed by interpreting the information currently available to them. if enable management's assumptions or interpretation of available information prove to be incorrect, enable's future financial condition and results of operations may differ materially from its expectations.
enable's business is impacted by commodity prices, which have declined and otherwise experienced significant volatility in recent years. in early 2016, natural gas and crude oil prices dropped to their lowest levels in over 10 years. both natural gas and crude oil prices increased moderately in the second half of 2016. if current commodity prices levels persist, or if commodity price levels decline, enable's future volumes and cash flows may be negatively impacted. commodity prices impact the drilling and production of natural gas and crude oil in the areas served by enable's systems, and the volumes on enable's systems are negatively impacted if producers decrease drilling and production in those areas served. both enable's gathering and processing segment and its transportation and storage segment can be impacted by drilling and production. enable's gathering and processing segment primarily serves producers, and many producers utilize the services provided by its transportation and storage segment. a decrease in volumes will decrease cash flows from enable's systems. in addition, enable's processing arrangements expose it to commodity price fluctuations. enable has attempted to mitigate the impact of commodity prices on its business by entering into hedges, focusing on contracting fee-based business and converting existing commodity-based contracts to fee-based contracts.
despite recent low commodity prices, enable's long-term view is that natural gas and crude oil production in the u.s. will increase. over the past several years, there has been a fundamental shift in u.s. natural gas and crude oil production towards tight gas formations and shale plays. advancements in technology have allowed producers to efficiently extract natural gas and crude oil from these formations and plays. as a result, the proven reserves of natural gas and crude oil in the u.s. have significantly increased and the price of natural gas and crude oil has decreased compared to historical periods.
natural gas continues to be a critical component of energy demand in the u.s. over the long term, enable's management believes that the prospects for continued natural gas demand are favorable and will be driven by population and economic growth, as well as the continued displacement of coal-fired power plants by natural gas-fired power plants due to the price of natural gas and stricter government environmental regulations on the mining and burning of coal. the eia projects that the majority of domestic consumption growth will be in the electric power, industrial and liquefaction for export sectors where the aggregate natural gas demand of these sectors is expected to grow from approximately 17.8 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in 2016 to approximately 21.0 trillion cubic feet of natural in 2040. enable's management believes that increasing consumption of natural gas over the long term in these sectors will continue to drive demand for enable's natural gas gathering, processing, transportation and storage services.
enable may access the capital markets to fund its expansion capital expenditures. historically, unit prices of midstream master limited partnerships have experienced periods of volatility. in addition, because enable's common units are yield-based securities, rising market interest rates could impact the relative attractiveness of enable's common units to investors. further, fluctuations in energy and commodity prices can create volatility in enable's common unit prices, which could impact investor appetite for its common units. volatility in energy and commodity prices, as well as other macro-economic factors could impact the relative
45
attractiveness of enable's debt securities to investors. as a result of capital market volatility, enable may be unable to issue equity securities or debt on satisfactory terms, or at all, which may limit its ability to expand its operations or make future acquisitions.
the regulation of gathering and transmission pipelines, storage and related facilities by ferc and other federal and state regulatory agencies, including the dot, has a significant impact on enable's business. for example, the dot's phmsa has established pipeline integrity management programs that require more frequent inspections of pipeline facilities and other preventative measures, which may increase its compliance costs and increase the time it takes to obtain required permits. additionally, increased regulation of oil and natural gas producers, including regulation associated with hydraulic fracturing, could reduce regional supply of oil and natural gas and therefore throughput on enable's gathering systems.
enable relies on certain key natural gas producer customers for a significant portion of its natural gas and ngls supply. for the year ended december 31, 2016, enable's top ten natural gas producer customers accounted for approximately 66% of its gathered volumes. these customers include affiliates of continental, vine, geosouthern, xto energy, apache, tapstone, chesapeake, bp energy company, covey park and marathon. further, enable relies on certain key utilities and producers for a significant portion of its transportation and storage demand. for the year ended december 31, 2016, enable's top transportation and storage customers by revenue were affiliates of centerpoint energy, spire, xto energy, american electric power company, oge, continental, chesapeake, midcoast energy partners, eog resources and entergy.
enable is exposed to certain credit risks relating to its ongoing business operations. credit risk includes the risk that counterparties that owe enable money or energy will breach their obligations. if the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, enable may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. in that event, enable's financial results could be adversely affected, and enable could incur losses. enable examines the creditworthiness of third-party customers to whom it extends credit and manages its exposure to credit risk through credit analysis, credit approval, credit limits and monitoring procedures, and for certain transactions, enable may request letters of credit, prepayments or guarantees or seek to renegotiate its contract to reduce credit exposure.
significant events brazos valley connection project. houston electric began construction on the brazos valley connection in february 2017. for further details on the brazos valley connection project, see "-liquidity and capital resources -regulatory matters -houston electric" below.
regulatory proceedings. for details related to our pending and completed regulatory proceedings in 2016, see "-liquidity and capital resources -regulatory matters" below.
series a preferred units. in february 2016, we purchased $363 million of series a preferred units from enable. for further information related to the purchase, see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements.
credit facilities.  for details related to refinancing of our credit facilities and increasing our commercial paper programs, see "-liquidity and capital resources -other matters -credit facilities" below.
debt transactions. in 2016, we and cerc retired a combined $625 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, houston electric issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds, and as of february 10, 2017, houston electric had issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds in 2017. for further information about our 2016 and 2017 debt transactions, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
charter merger. in may 2016, charter's merger with twc closed. for further information regarding the charter merger and its impact on zens, see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
continuum acquisition. in april 2016, ces closed the previously announced agreement to acquire the energy services business of continuum. for more information regarding the acquisition, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.
aem acquisition. in january 2017, ces closed the previously announced agreement to acquire aem. for more information regarding this acquisition, see note 19 to our consolidated financial statements.
46
certain factors affecting future earnings our past earnings and results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future earnings and results of operations. the magnitude of our and enable's future earnings and results of our and enable's operations will depend on or be affected by numerous factors including:
•   the performance of enable, the amount of cash distributions we receive from enable, enable's ability to redeem the series a preferred units in certain circumstances and the value of our interest in enable, and factors that may have a material impact on such performance, cash distributions and value, including factors such as:
◦   competitive conditions in the midstream industry, and actions taken by enable's customers and competitors, including the extent and timing of the entry of additional competition in the markets served by enable;
◦   the timing and extent of changes in the supply of natural gas and associated commodity prices, particularly prices of natural gas and ngls, the competitive effects of the available pipeline capacity in the regions served by enable, and the effects of geographic and seasonal commodity price differentials, including the effects of these circumstances on re-contracting available capacity on enable's interstate pipelines;
◦   the demand for crude oil, natural gas, ngls and transportation and storage services;
◦   environmental and other governmental regulations, including the availability of drilling permits and the regulation of hydraulic fracturing;
◦   recording of non-cash goodwill, long-lived asset or other than temporary impairment charges by or related to enable;
◦   changes in tax status;
◦   access to debt and equity capital; and
◦   the availability and prices of raw materials and services for current and future construction projects;
•   industrial, commercial and residential growth in our service territories and changes in market demand, including the effects of energy efficiency measures and demographic patterns;
•   timely and appropriate rate actions that allow recovery of costs and a reasonable return on investment;
•   future economic conditions in regional and national markets and their effect on sales, prices and costs;
•   weather variations and other natural phenomena, including the impact of severe weather events on operations and capital;
•   state and federal legislative and regulatory actions or developments affecting various aspects of our businesses (including the businesses of enable), including, among others, energy deregulation or re-regulation, pipeline integrity and safety and changes in regulation and legislation pertaining to trade, health care, finance and actions regarding the rates charged by our regulated businesses;
•   tax reform and legislation;
•   our ability to mitigate weather impacts through normalization or rate mechanisms, and the effectiveness of such mechanisms;
•   the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices, particularly natural gas, and the effects of geographic and seasonal commodity price differentials;
•   problems with regulatory approval, construction, implementation of necessary technology or other issues with respect to major capital projects that result in delays or in cost overruns that cannot be recouped in rates;
•   local, state and federal legislative and regulatory actions or developments relating to the environment, including those related to global climate change;
•   the impact of unplanned facility outages;
•   any direct or indirect effects on our facilities, operations and financial condition resulting from terrorism, cyber-attacks, data security breaches or other attempts to disrupt our businesses or the businesses of third parties, or other catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, explosions, leaks, floods, droughts, hurricanes, pandemic health events or other occurrences;
•   our ability to invest planned capital and the timely recovery of our investment in capital;
•   our ability to control operation and maintenance costs;
47
•   actions by credit rating agencies;
•   the sufficiency of our insurance coverage, including availability, cost, coverage and terms;
•   the investment performance of our pension and postretirement benefit plans;
•   commercial bank and financial market conditions, our access to capital, the cost of such capital, and the results of our financing and refinancing efforts, including availability of funds in the debt capital markets;
•   changes in interest rates or rates of inflation;
•   inability of various counterparties to meet their obligations to us;
•   non-payment for our services due to financial distress of our customers;
•   effectiveness of our risk management activities;
•   timely and appropriate regulatory actions allowing securitization or other recovery of costs associated with any future hurricanes or natural disasters;
•   our potential business strategies and strategic initiatives, including restructurings, joint ventures and acquisitions or dispositions of assets or businesses, which we cannot assure you will be completed or will have the anticipated benefits to us;
•   acquisition and merger activities involving us or our competitors;
•   our or enable's ability to recruit, effectively transition and retain management and key employees and maintain good labor relations;
•   the ability of genon (formerly known as rri energy, inc., reliant energy and rri), a wholly-owned subsidiary of nrg, and its subsidiaries to satisfy their obligations to us, including indemnity obligations;
•   the outcome of litigation;
•   the ability of reps, including rep affiliates of nrg and energy future holdings, to satisfy their obligations to us and our subsidiaries;
•   changes in technology, particularly with respect to efficient battery storage or the emergence or growth of new, developing or alternative sources of generation;
•   the timing and outcome of any audits, disputes and other proceedings related to taxes;
•   the effective tax rates;
•   the effect of changes in and application of accounting standards and pronouncements; and
•   other factors we discuss under "risk factors" in item 1a of this report and in other reports we file from time to time with the sec.
48
consolidated results of operations year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                          2015                    2014
(in millions, except per share amounts)
revenues                                                      $7,528                  $7,386                  $9,226
expenses                                                       6,569                   6,453                   8,291
operating income                                                 959                     933                     935
gain (loss) on marketable securities                             326                     (93     )               163
gain (loss) on indexed debt securities                          (413     )                74                     (86     )
interest and other finance charges                              (338     )              (352     )              (353     )
interest on securitization bonds                                 (91     )              (105     )              (118     )
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates         208                  (1,633     )               308
other income, net                                                 35                      46                      36
income (loss) before income taxes                                686                  (1,130     )               885
income tax expense (benefit)                                     254                    (438     )               274
net income (loss)                                               $432                   $(692     )              $611
basic earnings (loss) per share                                $1.00                  $(1.61     )             $1.42
diluted earnings (loss) per share                              $1.00                  $(1.61     )             $1.42
2016 compared to 2015
net income.  we reported net income of $432 million ($1.00 per diluted share) for 2016 compared to a net loss of $692 million ($(1.61) per diluted share) for the same period in 2015.
the increase in net income of $1,124 million was due to the following key factors:
•   a $1,841 million increase in equity earnings from our investment in enable, as 2015 results included impairment charges of $1,846 million, discussed further in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements;
•   a $419 million increase in the gain on our marketable securities;
•   a $26 million increase in operating income discussed below by segment;
•   a $22 million increase in cash distributions on series a preferred units included in other income, net shown above;
•   a $14 million decrease in interest expense due to lower weighted average interest rates on outstanding debt; and
•   a $14 million decrease in interest expense related to lower outstanding balances of our securitization bonds.
these increases were partially offset by:
•   a $692 million increase in income tax expense due to higher income before tax;
•   a $487 million increase in the loss on indexed debt securities related to the zens resulting from a loss of $117 million from the charter merger in 2016 compared to a loss of $7 million from verizon's acquisition of aol in 2015 and increased losses of $377 million in the underlying value of the indexed debt securities;
•   a $22 million loss on early redemption of our $300 million 6.5% senior notes otherwise due 2018 included in other income, net shown above;
49
•   a $6 million decrease in interest income due primarily to enable's repayment of $363 million note payable to us included in other income, net shown above; and
•   a $5 million decrease in miscellaneous other non-operating income include in other income, net shown above.
income tax expense. we reported an effective tax rate of 37% and 39% for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the effective tax rate of 39% is primarily due to lower earnings from the impairment of our investment in enable. the impairment loss reduced the deferred tax liability on our investment in enable.
2015 compared to 2014
net income.  we reported a net loss of $692 million ($(1.61) per diluted share) for 2015 compared to net income of $611 million ($1.42 per diluted share) for the same period in 2014.
the decrease in net income of $1,303 million was due to the following key factors:
•   a $1,941 million decrease in equity earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, which included impairment charges of $1,846 million, discussed further in note 10 to our consolidated financial statements; and
•   a $256 million increase in the loss on our marketable securities.
these decreases were partially offset by:
•   a $712 million decrease in income tax expense;
•   a $160 million increase in the gain on our indexed debt securities related to the zens resulting from a loss of $7 million from verizon's acquisition of aol in 2015 and increased gains of $167 million in the underlying value of the indexed debt securities;
•   a $13 million decrease in interest expense related to lower outstanding balances of our securitization bonds;
•   a $9 million increase in proceeds received from the settlement of corporate-owned life insurance policies included in other income, net shown above; and
•   a $1 million increase in miscellaneous other non-operating income included in other income, net shown above.
income tax expense. we reported an effective tax rate of 39% and 31% for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the higher effective tax rate of 39% is primarily due to lower earnings from the impairment of our equity method investment in enable. the impairment loss reduced the deferred tax liability on our investment in enable. the effective tax rate of 31% for 2014 is primarily due to a $29 million tax benefit recognized upon completion of a tax basis balance sheet review and a $13 million reversal of previously accrued taxes as a result of final positions taken in the 2013 tax returns. we determined the impact of the $29 million adjustment was not material to any prior period or the year ended december 31, 2014.
50
results of operations by business segment the following table presents operating income for each of our business segments for 2016, 2015 and 2014. included in revenues are intersegment sales. we account for intersegment sales as if the sales were to third parties, that is, at current market prices.
operating income by business segment year ended december 31,
2016                                                                   2015                2014
(in millions)
electric transmission &amp; distribution      $628                $607                $595
natural gas distribution                       303                 273                 287
energy services                                 20                  42                  52
other operations                                 8                  11                   1
total consolidated operating income           $959                $933                $935
electric transmission & distribution the following tables provide summary data of our electric transmission & distribution business segment for 2016, 2015 and 2014:
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                2015                        2014
revenues:                                                                         (in millions, except throughput and customer data)
tdu                                                            $2,507                      $2,364                      $2,279
bond companies                                                    553                         481                         566
total revenues                                                  3,060                       2,845                       2,845
expenses:
operation and maintenance, excluding bond companies             1,355                       1,300                       1,251
depreciation and amortization, excluding bond companies           384                         340                         327
taxes other than income taxes                                     231                         222                         224
bond companies                                                    462                         376                         448
total expenses                                                  2,432                       2,238                       2,250
operating income                                                 $628                        $607                        $595
operating income:
tdu                                                              $537                        $502                        $477
bond companies (1)                                                 91                         105                         118
total segment operating income                                   $628                        $607                        $595
throughput (in gwh):
residential                                                    29,586                      28,995                      27,498
total                                                          86,829                      84,191                      81,839
number of metered customers at end of period:
residential                                                 2,129,773                   2,079,899                   2,033,027
total                                                       2,403,340                   2,348,517                   2,299,247
(1)   represents the amount necessary to pay interest on the securitization bonds.
2016 compared to 2015.  our electric transmission & distribution business segment reported operating income of $628 million for 2016, consisting of $537 million from the tdu and $91 million related to the bond companies. for 2015, operating income totaled $607 million, consisting of $502 million from the tdu and $105 million related to the bond companies.
51
tdu operating income increased $35 million due to the following key factors:
•customer growth of $31 million from the addition of over 54,000 customers;
•   higher transmission-related revenues of $82 million, partially offset by transmission costs billed by transmission providers of $55 million;
•   higher equity return of $17 million, primarily due to the annual true-up of transition charges correcting for under-collections that occurred during the preceding 12 months; and
•rate increases of $13 million related to distribution capital investments.
these increases to operating income were partially offset by the following:
•   higher depreciation, primarily because of ongoing additions to plant in service, and other taxes of $45 million;
•higher operating and maintenance expenses of $3 million; and
•lower right-of-way revenues of $3 million.
2015 compared to 2014.  our electric transmission & distribution business segment reported operating income of $607 million for 2015, consisting of $502 million from the tdu and $105 million related to the bond companies. for 2014, operating income totaled $595 million, consisting of $477 million from the tdu and $118 million related to the bond companies.
tdu operating income increased $25 million due to the following key factors:
•   higher transmission-related revenues of $81 million, which were partially offset by increased transmission costs billed by transmission providers of $47 million;
•customer growth of $25 million from the addition of nearly 50,000 new customers;
•higher usage of $17 million, primarily due to a return to normal weather; and
•rate increases of $5 million associated with distribution capital investments.
these increases to operating income were partially offset by the following:
•   lower equity return of $20 million, primarily related to the annual true-up of transition charges correcting for over-collections that occurred during the preceding 12 months;
•   lower revenues from energy efficiency bonuses of $15 million, including a one-time energy efficiency remand bonus in 2014 of $8 million;
•higher depreciation of $13 million; and
•lower right-of-way revenues of $7 million.
52
natural gas distribution the following table provides summary data of our natural gas distribution business segment for 2016, 2015 and 2014:
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                              2015                        2014
(in millions, except throughput and customer data)
revenues                                     $2,409                      $2,632                      $3,301
expenses:
natural gas                                   1,008                       1,297                       1,961
operation and maintenance                       714                         697                         700
depreciation and amortization                   242                         222                         201
taxes other than income taxes                   142                         143                         152
total expenses                                2,106                       2,359                       3,014
operating income                               $303                        $273                        $287
throughput (in bcf):
residential                                     152                         171                         197
commercial and industrial                       259                         262                         270
total throughput                                411                         433                         467
number of customers at end of period:
residential                               3,183,538                   3,149,845                   3,124,542
commercial and industrial                   255,806                     253,921                     249,272
total                                     3,439,344                   3,403,766                   3,373,814
2016 compared to 2015.  our natural gas distribution business segment reported operating income of $303 million for 2016 compared to $273 million for 2015.
operating income increased $30 million primarily as a result of the following key factors:
•   rate increases of $55 million, primarily from the 2015 minnesota rate case, including the decoupling rider, and the texas grip filing;
•   lower bad debt expense of $12 million resulting from lower customer bills due to warmer than normal weather as well as credit and collections process improvements that have reduced write-offs;
•   an increase of $26 million from weather normalization adjustments, including weather-related decoupling and hedging activities, partially offset by $19 million of milder weather effects; and
•   customer growth of $5 million from the addition of over 35,000 new customers.
these increases were partially offset by:
•   increased depreciation and amortization of $20 million, primarily due to ongoing additions to plant in service;
•   higher labor and benefits expenses of $11 million, primarily driven by increased pension costs;
•   higher contract services expenses of $10 million, primarily for increased pipeline integrity, leak surveying and repair activities; and
•   increased operations and maintenance expenses of $8 million related to higher support services costs and other miscellaneous expenses.
increased expense related to energy efficiency programs of $1 million and decreased expense related to gross receipt taxes of $3 million were offset by a corresponding increase/decrease in the related revenues.
53
2015 compared to 2014.  our natural gas distribution business segment reported operating income of $273 million for 2015 compared to $287 million for 2014.
operating income decreased $14 million primarily as a result of the following key factors:
•   decreased usage of $25 million as a result of warmer weather compared to the prior year, partially mitigated by weather hedges and weather normalization adjustments;
•   higher depreciation and amortization of $22 million; and
•   increase in taxes of $2 million.
these decreases were partially offset by:
•   rate increases of $23 million;
•   increased economic activity across our footprint of $7 million, including the addition of approximately 30,000 customers; and
•   increased other revenue of $5 million.
decreased expense related to energy efficiency programs of $4 million and decreased expense related to gross receipt taxes of $10 million were offset by a corresponding decrease in the related revenues.
energy services the following table provides summary data of our energy services business segment for 2016, 2015 and 2014:
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                 2015                        2014
(in millions, except throughput and customer data)
revenues                                        $2,099                      $1,957                      $3,179
expenses:
natural gas                                      2,011                       1,867                       3,073
operation and maintenance                           59                          42                          47
depreciation and amortization                        7                           5                           5
taxes other than income taxes                        2                           1                           2
total expenses                                   2,079                       1,915                       3,127
operating income                                   $20                         $42                         $52
mark-to-market gain (loss)                        $(21      )                   $4                         $29
throughput (in bcf)                                777                         618                         631
number of customers at end of period (1)        30,332                      18,099                      17,964
(1)   these numbers do not include approximately 60,100 and 9,700 natural gas customers as of december 31, 2016 and 2014, respectively, that are under residential and small commercial choice programs invoiced by their host utility.
2016 compared to 2015. our energy services business segment reported operating income of $20 million for 2016 compared to $42 million for 2015. the decrease in operating income of $22 million was due to a $25 million decrease from mark-to-market accounting for derivatives associated with certain natural gas purchases and sales used to lock in economic margins. partially offsetting this decrease was an increase in operating income for 2016 as compared to 2015 attributable to increased throughput and number of customers due to the continuum acquisition. operating income in 2016 also included $3 million of operation and maintenance expenses and $3 million of amortization expenses specifically related to the acquisition and integration of continuum.
54
2015 compared to 2014. our energy services business segment reported operating income of $42 million for 2015 compared to $52 million for 2014. the decrease in operating income of $10 million was due to a $25 million decrease from mark-to-market accounting for derivatives associated with certain natural gas purchases and sales used to lock in economic margins. offsetting this decrease was a $5 million reduction in operation and maintenance expenses and a $4 million benefit related to a lower inventory write down in 2015. the remaining increase in operating income was primarily due to improved margins resulting from reduced fixed costs.
midstream investments the following table summarizes the equity earnings (losses) of our midstream investments business segment for 2016, 2015 and 2014:
year ended december 31,
2016                             2015 (2)                  2014 (3)
(in millions)
enable (1)   $208                $(1,633     )            $303
sesh         -                   -                5
total        $208                $(1,633     )            $308
(1)   these amounts include impairment charges totaling $1,846 million composed of the impairment of our investment in enable of $1,225 million and our share, $621 million, of impairment charges enable recorded for goodwill and long-lived assets for the year ended december 31, 2015. this impairment is offset by $213 million of earnings for the year ended december 31, 2015.
(2)   we contributed our remaining 0.1% interest in sesh to enable on june 30, 2015.
(3)   on april 16, 2014, enable completed its initial public offering and, as a result, our limited partner interest in enable was reduced from approximately 58.3% to approximately 54.7%. on may 30, 2014, we contributed to enable our 24.95% interest in sesh, which increased our limited partner interest in enable from approximately 54.7% to approximately 55.4% and reduced our interest in sesh to 0.1%.
other operations the following table provides summary data for our other operations business segment for 2016, 2015 and 2014:
year ended december 31,
2016                              2015                2014
(in millions)
revenues               $15                 $14                 $15
expenses                 7        3                   14
operating income        $8                 $11                  $1
2016 compared to 2015. our other operations business segment reported operating income of $8 million for 2016 compared to $11 million for 2015. the decrease in operating income of $3 million is primarily related to increased depreciation and amortization.
2015 compared to 2014. our other operations business segment reported operating income of $11 million for 2015 compared to $1 million for 2014. the increase in operating income of $10 million is primarily related to decreased administrative and benefits costs ($8 million), decreased depreciation and amortization ($1 million) and decreased property taxes ($1 million).
55
liquidity and capital resources historical cash flows the net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for 2016, 2015 and 2014 is as follows:
year ended december 31,
2016                                           2015                  2014
(in millions)
cash provided by (used in):
operating activities             $1,928                $1,865                $1,397
investing activities             (1,046    )           (1,387    )           (1,384    )
financing activities               (805    )             (512    )   77
cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities increased $63 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to higher net income after adjusting for non-cash and non-operating items ($40 million) and increased cash from other non-current items ($34 million), partially offset by changes in working capital ($11 million). the changes in working capital items in 2016 primarily related to decreased cash provided by net regulatory assets and liabilities, fuel cost under recovery and net accounts receivable/payable, partially offset by increased cash provided by taxes receivable, net margin deposits, non-trading derivatives and net current assets and liabilities.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $468 million in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to changes in working capital ($642 million), partially offset by lower net income after adjusting for non-cash and non-operating items ($136 million) and decreased cash from other non-current items ($38 million). the changes in working capital items in 2015 primarily related to increased taxes receivable, gas storage inventory, net accounts receivable/payable, net margin deposits, net regulatory assets and liabilities and non-trading derivatives, partially offset by decreased net current assets and liabilities.
cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities decreased $341 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to increased cash received for the repayment of notes receivable from enable ($363 million), increased return of capital from enable ($149 million), proceeds from the sale of marketable securities associated with the charter merger ($146 million) and decreased capital expenditures ($170 million), which were partially offset by cash used for the purchase of series a preferred units ($363 million), cash used for the continuum acquisition ($102 million) and increased restricted cash ($17 million).
net cash used in investing activities increased $3 million in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to increased capital expenditures ($212 million), which were partially offset by a return of capital from unconsolidated affiliates ($148 million), increased proceeds from sale of marketable securities ($32 million) and decreased restricted cash ($19 million).
cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities increased $293 million in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to increased payments of long-term debt ($574 million), increased distributions to zens holders ($146 million), loss on reacquired debt ($22 million), increased payments of common stock dividends ($17 million) and debt issuance costs ($9 million), which were partially offset by increased proceeds from long-term debt ($400 million), increased proceeds from commercial paper ($66 million) and increased short-term borrowings ($8 million).
net cash used in financing activities increased $589 million in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to decreased proceeds from long-term debt ($600 million), increased payments of long-term debt ($107 million), increased distributions to zens holders ($32 million), decreased short-term borrowings ($23 million), increased payments of common stock dividends ($18 million) and decreased proceeds from commercial paper ($11 million), which were partially offset by increased borrowings under our revolving credit facility ($200 million).
56
future sources and uses of cash our liquidity and capital requirements are affected primarily by our results of operations, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, tax payments, working capital needs and various regulatory actions. our principal anticipated cash requirements for 2017 include the following:
•   capital expenditures of approximately $1.5 billion;
•   maturing senior notes of $500 million;
•   scheduled principal payments on securitization bonds of $411 million;
•   acquisition of aem for approximately $140 million, including estimated working capital of $100 million; and
•   dividend payments on our common stock and interest payments on debt.
we expect that anticipated 2017 cash needs will be met with borrowings under our credit facilities, proceeds from commercial paper, proceeds from the issuance of general mortgage bonds, anticipated cash flows from operations and distributions from enable. discretionary financing or refinancing may result in the issuance of equity or debt securities in the capital markets or the arrangement of additional credit facilities. issuances of equity or debt in the capital markets, funds raised in the commercial paper markets and additional credit facilities may not, however, be available to us on acceptable terms.
the following table sets forth our actual capital expenditures for 2016 and estimates of our capital expenditures for currently planned projects for 2017 through 2021:
2016                                                                    2017                2018                2019                2020                2021
(in millions)
electric transmission &amp; distribution        $858                $922                $856                $786                $773                $776
natural gas distribution                         510                 534                 534                 534                 534                 534
energy services                                    5                  10                  10                  10                  10                  10
other operations                                  33                  33                  33                  32                  32                  32
total                                         $1,406              $1,499              $1,433              $1,362              $1,349              $1,352
our capital expenditures are expected to be used for investment in infrastructure for our electric transmission and distribution operations and our natural gas distribution operations. these capital expenditures are anticipated to maintain reliability and safety as well as expand our systems through value-added projects.
the following table sets forth estimates of our contractual obligations, including payments due by period:
contractual obligations                                        total                2017             2018-2019             2020-2021           2022 and thereafter
(in millions)
securitization bond debt                                  $2,278                $411                $892                  $442                       $533
other long-term debt (1)                                   6,679                 500                 350                 2,399                      3,430
interest payments - securitization bond debt (2)             272                  81                 111                    53                         27
interest payments - other long-term debt (2)               3,451                 269                 461                   416                      2,305
short-term borrowings                                         35                  35                   -                     -                          -
operating leases (3)                                          26                   5                   8                     6                          7
benefit obligations (4)                                        -                   -                   -                     -                          -
non-trading derivative liabilities                            46                  41                   5                     -                          -
other commodity commitments (5)                            1,456                 461                 735                   252                          8
total contractual cash obligations (6)                   $14,243              $1,803              $2,562                $3,568                     $6,310
(1)   zens obligations are included in the 2022 and thereafter column at their contingent principal amount as of december 31, 2016 of $514 million. these obligations are exchangeable for cash at any time at the option of the holders for 95% of
57
the current value of the reference shares attributable to each zens ($953 million as of december 31, 2016), as discussed in note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
(2)   we calculated estimated interest payments for long-term debt as follows: for fixed-rate debt and term debt, we calculated interest based on the applicable rates and payment dates; for variable-rate debt and/or non-term debt, we used interest rates in place as of december 31, 2016. we typically expect to settle such interest payments with cash flows from operations and short-term borrowings.
(3)   for a discussion of operating leases, please read note 15(c) to our consolidated financial statements.
(4)   in 2017, we are required to contribute approximately $39 million to our qualified pension plan. we expect to contribute approximately $7 million and $16 million, respectively, to our non-qualified pension and postretirement benefits plans in 2017.
(5)   for a discussion of other commodity commitments, please read note 15(a) to our consolidated financial statements.
(6)   this table does not include estimated future payments for expected future aros. these payments are primarily estimated to be incurred after 2022. we record a separate liability for the fair value of aros which totaled $205 million as of december 31, 2016. see note 3(c) to our consolidated financial statements.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements.
regulatory matters brazos valley connection project construction began in february 2017 and is proceeding as scheduled. houston electric filed its updated capital costs estimates with the puct in february 2017, projecting the capital costs of the project will be $310 million, in line with the estimated range of approximately $270-$310 million in the puct's original order. the actual capital costs of the project will depend on final land acquisition costs, construction costs, and other factors. houston electric expects to complete construction and energize the brazos valley connection by june 2018. houston electric is able to file for recovery of land acquisition costs through interim tcos updates in advance of project completion.
rate change applications houston electric and cerc are routinely involved in rate change applications before state regulatory authorities.  those applications include general rate cases, where the entire cost of service of the utility is assessed and reset.  in addition, houston electric is periodically involved in proceedings to adjust its capital tracking mechanisms (tcos and dcrf) and annually files to adjust its eecrf.  cerc is periodically involved in proceedings to adjust its capital tracking mechanisms in texas (grip), its cost of service adjustments in arkansas, louisiana, mississippi, and oklahoma (frp, rsp, rra and pbrc), its decoupling mechanism in minnesota, and its energy efficiency cost trackers in arkansas, minnesota, mississippi and oklahoma (eecr, cip, eecr and eecr). the table below reflects significant applications pending or completed during 2016.
58
mechanism                 annual increase            filing date               effective date            approval date             additional information
(in millions)
houston electric (puct)
dcrf (1)                            $45.0            april 2016                september 2016            july 2016                 based on an increase in eligible distribution-invested capital from january 1, 2010 through december 31, 2015 of $689 million. unless otherwise changed in a subsequent dcrf filing, an annualized dcrf charge of $49 million will be effective september 2017.
tcos                                  3.5            july 2016                 september 2016            september 2016            based on an incremental increase in total rate base of $95.6 million.
eecrf (2)                            10.6            june 2016                 march 2017                october 2016              recovers $45.5 million, including an incentive of $10.6 million based on 2015 program performance.
tcos                                  7.8            december 2016             (3)                       (3)                       based on an incremental increase in total rate base of $109.6 million. approval is expected in q1 2017.
houston, south texas, beaumont/east texas, texas coast (railroad commission)
grip                                 18.2            march 2016                july 2016                 july 2016                 based on net change in invested capital of $115.5 million.
houston and texas coast (railroad commission) (4)
rate case                            31.0            november 2016             (3)                       (3)                       based on rate base of $669 million and a 10.25% roe on a 55.1% equity ratio. final order is expected in q2 2017.
arkansas (apsc)
rate case                            14.2            november 2015             september 2016            september 2016            based on an roe of 9.5%. also approved an frp.
eecr (2)                              0.5            august 2016               january 2017              (3)                       recovers $11.0 million, including an incentive of $0.5 million based on 2015 program performance.
mississippi (mpsc)
rra                                   2.7            july 2016                 october 2016              october 2016              based on roe of 9.47%.
minnesota (mpuc)
rate case                            27.5            august 2015               december 2016             june 2016                 interim increase of $47.8 million effective in october 2015. final rates based on an roe of 9.49% and interim rate refund implemented in december 2016.
cip (2)                              12.7            may 2016                  september 2016            september 2016            based on 2015 results.
decoupling (5)                       24.6            september 2016            september 2016            december 2016             reflects revenue under recovery for the period july 1, 2015 through june 30, 2016.
louisiana (lpsc)
rsp                                   1.3            september 2016            december 2016             (3)                       authorized roe of 9.95% and a capital structure of 48% debt and 52% equity.
rsp                                   2.3            october 2015              december 2016             (3)                       authorized roe of 9.95% and a capital structure of 48% debt and 52% equity.
oklahoma (occ)
eecr (2)                              0.4            march 2016                july 2016                 july 2016                 recovers $2.4 million, including an incentive of $0.4 million based on 2015 program performance.
(1)   represents the new dcrf charge, not a year over year increase.
(2)   amounts are recorded when approved.
(3)   effective dates or approval dates not yet available, and approved rates could differ materially.
(4)   in addition to requesting the change in rates, ngd proposed consolidation of the houston and texas coast divisions into a texas gulf division.
(5)   the amount was recorded during the under recovery period.
59
other matters credit facilities on march 4, 2016, we announced that we had refinanced our existing $2.1 billion revolving credit facilities, which would have expired in 2019, with new revolving credit facilities totaling an aggregate of $2.5 billion. the credit agreements evidencing the new revolving credit facilities provide for five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facilities in amounts of $1.6 billion for us, $300 million for houston electric and $600 million for cerc corp. these revolving credit facilities may be drawn on by the companies from time to time to provide funds used for general corporate purposes and to backstop the companies' commercial paper programs. the facilities may also be utilized to obtain letters of credit.
on april 4, 2016, in connection with the refinancing of our revolving credit facilities discussed above, we increased the size of our commercial paper program to permit the issuance of commercial paper notes in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the unused portion of our $1.6 billion facility. our revolving credit facility backstops our commercial paper program. cerc corp.'s revolving credit facility backstops its commercial paper program.
as of february 10, 2017, we had the following facilities and outstanding balances:
company                        size offacility           amountutilized atfebruary 10, 2017 (1)         termination date
(in millions)
centerpoint energy              $1,600                                      $935                  (2)   march 3, 2021
houston electric                   300                                         4                  (3)   march 3, 2021
cerc corp.                         600                                       591                  (4)   march 3, 2021
(1)   based on the consolidated debt to capitalization covenant in our revolving credit facility and the revolving credit facility of each of houston electric and cerc corp., we would have been permitted to utilize the full capacity of such revolving credit facilities, which aggregated $2.5 billion at december 31, 2016.
(2)   represents outstanding commercial paper of $929 million and outstanding letters of credit of $6 million.
(3)   represents outstanding letters of credit of $4 million.
(4)   represents outstanding commercial paper of $587 million and outstanding letters of credit of $4 million.
for further details related to our revolving credit facilities, please see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
borrowings under each of the three revolving credit facilities are subject to customary terms and conditions. however, there is no requirement that the borrower make representations prior to borrowings as to the absence of material adverse changes or litigation that could be expected to have a material adverse effect. borrowings under each of the revolving credit facilities are subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of events of default that we consider customary. the revolving credit facilities also provide for customary fees, including commitment fees, administrative agent fees, fees in respect of letters of credit and other fees. in each of the three revolving credit facilities, the spread to libor and the commitment fees fluctuate based on the borrower's credit rating. the borrowers are currently in compliance with the various business and financial covenants in the three revolving credit facilities.
long-term debt in 2016, we and cerc retired a combined $625 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, houston electric issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds, and as of february 10, 2017, houston electric had issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds in 2017. for further information about our 2016 and 2017 debt transactions, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
60
securities registered with the sec on january 31, 2017, centerpoint energy, houston electric and cerc corp. filed a joint shelf registration statement with the sec registering indeterminate principal amounts of houston electric's general mortgage bonds, cerc corp.'s senior debt securities and centerpoint energy's senior debt securities and junior subordinated debt securities and an indeterminate number of centerpoint energy's shares of common stock, shares of preferred stock, as well as stock purchase contracts and equity units. the joint shelf registration statement will expire on january 31, 2020.
temporary investments as of february 10, 2017, we had no temporary investments.
money pool we have a money pool through which the holding company and participating subsidiaries can borrow or invest on a short-term basis. funding needs are aggregated and external borrowing or investing is based on the net cash position. the net funding requirements of the money pool are expected to be met with borrowings under our revolving credit facility or the sale of our commercial paper.
impact on liquidity of a downgrade in credit ratings the interest on borrowings under our credit facilities is based on our credit rating. as of february 10, 2017, moody's, s&p and fitch had assigned the following credit ratings to senior debt of centerpoint energy and certain subsidiaries:
moody's                     s&amp;p                     fitch company/instrument                         rating        outlook (1)   rating        outlook (2)   rating       outlook (3)
centerpoint energy senior unsecured debt   baa1          stable        bbb+          developing    bbb          stable houston electric senior secured debt       a1            stable        a             developing    a            stable cerc corp. senior unsecured debt           baa2          stable        a-            developing    bbb          stable
(1)   a moody's rating outlook is an opinion regarding the likely direction of an issuer's rating over the medium term.
(2)   an s&amp;p rating outlook assesses the potential direction of a long-term credit rating over the intermediate to longer term.
(3)   a fitch rating outlook indicates the direction a rating is likely to move over a one- to two-year period.
we cannot assure that the ratings set forth above will remain in effect for any given period of time or that one or more of these ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. we note that these credit ratings are included for informational purposes and are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency. each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. any future reduction or withdrawal of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain short- and long-term financing, the cost of such financings and the execution of our commercial strategies.
a decline in credit ratings could increase borrowing costs under our revolving credit facilities. if our credit ratings or those of houston electric or cerc corp. had been downgraded one notch by each of the three principal credit rating agencies from the ratings that existed at december 31, 2016, the impact on the borrowing costs under the three revolving credit facilities would have been immaterial. a decline in credit ratings would also increase the interest rate on long-term debt to be issued in the capital markets and could negatively impact our ability to complete capital market transactions and to access the commercial paper market. additionally, a decline in credit ratings could increase cash collateral requirements and reduce earnings of our natural gas distribution and energy services business segments.
ces, a wholly-owned subsidiary of cerc corp. operating in our  energy services business segment, provides natural gas sales and services primarily to commercial and industrial customers and electric and natural gas utilities throughout the central and eastern united states. to economically hedge its exposure to natural gas prices, ces uses derivatives with provisions standard for the industry, including those pertaining to credit thresholds. typically, the credit threshold negotiated with each counterparty defines the amount of unsecured credit that such counterparty will extend to ces. to the extent that the credit exposure that a counterparty has to ces at a particular time does not exceed that credit threshold, ces is not obligated to provide collateral. mark-
61
to-market exposure in excess of the credit threshold is routinely collateralized by ces. similarly, mark-to-market exposure offsetting and exceeding the credit threshold may cause the counterparty to provide collateral to ces. as of december 31, 2016, the amount held by ces as collateral aggregated approximately $14 million. should the credit ratings of cerc corp. (as the credit support provider for ces) fall below certain levels, ces would be required to provide additional collateral up to the amount of its previously unsecured credit limit. we estimate that as of december 31, 2016, unsecured credit limits extended to ces by counterparties aggregated $367 million, and less than $1 million of such amount was utilized.
pipeline tariffs and contracts typically provide that if the credit ratings of a shipper or the shipper's guarantor drop below a threshold level, which is generally investment grade ratings from both moody's and s&p, cash or other collateral may be demanded from the shipper in an amount equal to the sum of three months' charges for pipeline services plus the unrecouped cost of any lateral built for such shipper. if the credit ratings of cerc corp. decline below the applicable threshold levels, cerc corp. might need to provide cash or other collateral of as much as $167 million as of december 31, 2016. the amount of collateral will depend on seasonal variations in transportation levels.
zens and securities related to zens if our creditworthiness were to drop such that zens holders thought our liquidity was adversely affected or the market for the zens were to become illiquid, some zens holders might decide to exchange their zens for cash. funds for the payment of cash upon exchange could be obtained from the sale of the shares of tw securities that we own or from other sources. we own shares of tw securities equal to approximately 100% of the reference shares used to calculate our obligation to the holders of the zens. zens exchanges result in a cash outflow because tax deferrals related to the zens and tw securities shares would typically cease when zens are exchanged or otherwise retired and tw securities shares are sold. the ultimate tax liability related to the zens continues to increase by the amount of the tax benefit realized each year, and there could be a significant cash outflow when the taxes are paid as a result of the retirement of the zens. if all zens had been exchanged for cash on december 31, 2016, deferred taxes of approximately $459 million would have been payable in 2016. if all the tw securities had been sold on december 31, 2016, capital gains taxes of approximately $295 million would have been payable in 2016.
for additional information about zens, see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
cross defaults under our revolving credit facility, a payment default on, or a non-payment default that permits acceleration of, any indebtedness for borrowed money and certain other specified types of obligations (including guarantees) exceeding $125 million by us or any of our significant subsidiaries will cause a default. a default by centerpoint energy would not trigger a default under our subsidiaries' debt instruments or revolving credit facilities.
possible acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures from time to time, we consider the acquisition or the disposition of assets or businesses or possible joint ventures, strategic initiatives or other joint ownership arrangements with respect to assets or businesses. any determination to take action in this regard will be based on market conditions and opportunities existing at the time, and accordingly, the timing, size or success of any efforts and the associated potential capital commitments are unpredictable. we may seek to fund all or part of any such efforts with proceeds from debt and/or equity issuances. debt or equity financing may not, however, be available to us at that time due to a variety of events, including, among others, maintenance of our credit ratings, industry conditions, general economic conditions, market conditions and market perceptions.
in february 2016, we announced that we were exploring the use of a reit business model for all or part of our utility businesses. we have completed our evaluation and have decided not to pursue forming a reit structure for our utility business or any part thereof at this time. we also announced that we were evaluating strategic alternatives for our investment in enable, including a sale or spin-off qualifying under section 355 of the u.s. internal revenue code, and we continue to evaluate our alternatives, including retaining our investment. there can be no assurances that these evaluations will result in any specific action, and we do not intend to disclose further developments on these initiatives unless and until our board of directors approves a specific action or as otherwise required.
enable midstream partners we receive quarterly cash distributions from enable on its common and subordinated units we own. we also receive quarterly cash distributions from enable on the series a preferred units we own. a reduction in the cash distributions we receive from
62
enable could significantly impact our liquidity. for additional information about cash distributions from enable, see notes 10 and 19 to our consolidated financial statements.
hedging of interest expense for future debt issuances during 2016 and 2017, we entered into forward interest rate agreements to hedge, in part, volatility in the u.s. treasury rates by reducing variability in cash flows related to interest payments. for further information, see note 8(a) to our consolidated financial statements.
weather hedge we have historically entered into partial weather hedges for certain ngd jurisdictions and houston electric's service territory to mitigate the impact of fluctuations from normal weather. we remain exposed to some weather risk as a result of the partial hedges. for more information about our weather hedges, see note 8(a) to our consolidated financial statements.
collection of receivables from reps houston electric's receivables from the distribution of electricity are collected from reps that supply the electricity houston electric distributes to their customers. adverse economic conditions, structural problems in the market served by ercot or financial difficulties of one or more reps could impair the ability of these reps to pay for houston electric's services or could cause them to delay such payments. houston electric depends on these reps to remit payments on a timely basis, and any delay or default in payment by reps could adversely affect houston electric's cash flows. in the event of a rep's default, houston electric's tariff provides a number of remedies, including the option for houston electric to request that the puct suspend or revoke the certification of the rep. applicable regulatory provisions require that customers be shifted to another rep or a provider of last resort if a rep cannot make timely payments. however, houston electric remains at risk for payments related to services provided prior to the shift to the replacement rep or the provider of last resort. if a rep were unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options, restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event such rep might seek to avoid honoring its obligations, and claims might be made against houston electric involving payments it had received from such rep. if a rep were to file for bankruptcy, houston electric may not be successful in recovering accrued receivables owed by such rep that are unpaid as of the date the rep filed for bankruptcy. however, puct regulations authorize utilities, such as cehe, to defer bad debts resulting from defaults by reps for recovery in future rate cases, subject to a review of reasonableness and necessity.
other factors that could affect cash requirements in addition to the above factors, our liquidity and capital resources could be affected by:
•   cash collateral requirements that could exist in connection with certain contracts, including our weather hedging arrangements, and gas purchases, gas price and gas storage activities of our natural gas distribution and energy services business segments;
•   acceleration of payment dates on certain gas supply contracts, under certain circumstances, as a result of increased gas prices and concentration of natural gas suppliers;
•   increased costs related to the acquisition of natural gas;
•   increases in interest expense in connection with debt refinancings and borrowings under credit facilities;
•   various legislative or regulatory actions;
•   incremental collateral, if any, that may be required due to regulation of derivatives;
•   the ability of genon and its subsidiaries to satisfy their obligations in respect of genon's indemnity obligations to us and our subsidiaries;
•   the ability of reps, including rep affiliates of nrg and energy future holdings, to satisfy their obligations to us and our subsidiaries;
63
•   slower customer payments and increased write-offs of receivables due to higher gas prices or changing economic conditions;
•   the outcome of litigation brought by or against us;
•   contributions to pension and postretirement benefit plans;
•   restoration costs and revenue losses resulting from future natural disasters such as hurricanes and the timing of recovery of such restoration costs; and
•   various other risks identified in "risk factors" in item 1a of part i of this report.
certain contractual limits on our ability to issue securities and borrow money houston electric has contractually agreed that it will not issue additional first mortgage bonds, subject to certain exceptions. for information about the total debt to capitalization financial covenants in our revolving credit facilities see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
critical accounting policies a critical accounting policy is one that is both important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations and requires management to make difficult, subjective or complex accounting estimates. an accounting estimate is an approximation made by management of a financial statement element, item or account in the financial statements. accounting estimates in our historical consolidated financial statements measure the effects of past business transactions or events, or the present status of an asset or liability. the accounting estimates described below require us to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made. additionally, different estimates that we could have used or changes in an accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. the circumstances that make these judgments difficult, subjective and/or complex have to do with the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. estimates and assumptions about future events and their effects cannot be predicted with certainty. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments. these estimates may change as new events occur, as more experience is acquired, as additional information is obtained and as our operating environment changes. our significant accounting policies are discussed in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements. we believe the following accounting policies involve the application of critical accounting estimates. accordingly, these accounting estimates have been reviewed and discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors.
accounting for rate regulation accounting guidance for regulated operations provides that rate-regulated entities account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates if the rates established are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged and collected. our electric transmission & distribution business segment and our natural gas distribution business segment apply this accounting guidance. certain expenses and revenues subject to utility regulation or rate determination normally reflected in income are deferred on the balance sheet as regulatory assets or liabilities and are recognized in income as the related amounts are included in service rates and recovered from or refunded to customers.  regulatory assets and liabilities are recorded when it is probable that these items will be recovered or reflected in future rates.  determining probability requires significant judgment on the part of management and includes, but is not limited to, consideration of testimony presented in regulatory hearings, proposed regulatory decisions, final regulatory orders and the strength or status of applications for rehearing or state court appeals.  if events were to occur that would make the recovery of these assets and liabilities no longer probable, we would be required to write off or write down these regulatory assets and liabilities.  as of december 31, 2016, we had recorded regulatory assets of $2.7 billion and regulatory liabilities of $1.3 billion.
impairment of long-lived assets, including identifiable intangibles, goodwill and equity method investments we review the carrying value of our long-lived assets, including identifiable intangibles, goodwill and equity method investments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that such carrying values may not be recoverable, and at least annually for goodwill as required by accounting guidance for goodwill and other intangible assets. unforeseen events and changes in market conditions could have a material effect on the value of long-lived assets, including intangibles, goodwill and equity
64
method investments due to changes in estimates of future cash flows, interest rate and regulatory matters and could result in an impairment charge. a loss in value of an equity method investment is recognized when the decline is deemed to be other than temporary. we recorded no goodwill impairments during 2016, 2015 and 2014. we did not record material impairments to long-lived assets, including intangibles during 2016, 2015, and 2014. we recorded impairments totaling $1,225 million to our equity method investments during 2015 and no impairment during 2016 and 2014. see notes 9 and 10 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the impairments recorded to our equity method investment in 2015.
we performed our annual goodwill impairment test in the third quarter of 2016 and determined, based on the results of the first step, using the income approach, no impairment charge was required for any reporting unit.  our reporting units approximate our reportable segments.
fair value is the amount at which the asset could be bought or sold in a current transaction between willing parties and may be estimated using a number of techniques, including quoted market prices or valuations by third parties, present value techniques based on estimates of cash flows, or multiples of earnings or revenue performance measures. the fair value of the asset could be different using different estimates and assumptions in these valuation techniques.
the determination of fair value requires significant assumptions by management which are subjective and forward-looking in nature. to assist in making these assumptions, we utilized a third-party valuation specialist in both determining and testing key assumptions used in the valuation of each of our reporting units. we based our assumptions on projected financial information that we believe is reasonable; however, actual results may differ materially from those projections. these projected cash flows factor in planned growth initiatives, and for our natural gas distribution reporting unit, the regulatory environment. the fair values of our natural gas distribution and energy services reporting units significantly exceeded the carrying values.
although there was not a goodwill asset impairment in our 2016 annual test, an interim impairment test could be triggered by the following: actual earnings results that are materially lower than expected, significant adverse changes in the operating environment, an increase in the discount rate, changes in other key assumptions which require judgment and are forward looking in nature, or if our market capitalization falls below book value for an extended period of time. no impairment triggers were identified subsequent to our 2016 annual test.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we determined that an other than temporary decrease in the value of our investment in enable had occurred. the impairment analysis compared the estimated fair value of our investment in enable to its carrying value. the fair value of the investment was determined using multiple valuation methodologies under both the market and income approaches.
key assumptions in the market approach include recent market transactions of comparable companies and ebitda to total enterprise multiples for comparable companies. due to volatility of the quoted price of enable's common units, a volume weighted average price was used under the market approach to best approximate fair value at the measurement date. key assumptions in the income approach include enable's forecasted cash distributions, projected cash flows of incentive distribution rights, forecasted growth rate of enable's cash distributions beyond 2020, and the discount rate used to determine the present value of the estimated future cash flows. a weighing of the different approaches was utilized to determine the estimated fair value of our investment in enable.
as a result of the analysis, we recorded other than temporary impairments on our equity method investment in enable of $1,225 million during the year ended december 31, 2015. we based our assumptions on projected financial information that we believe is reasonable; however, actual results may differ materially from those projections. it is reasonably possible that the estimate of the impairment of our equity method investment in enable will change in the near term due to the following: actual enable cash distribution is materially lower than expected, significant adverse changes in enable's operating environment, increase in the discount rate, and changes in other key assumptions which require judgment and are forward-looking in nature.
unbilled energy revenues revenues related to electricity delivery and natural gas sales and services are generally recognized upon delivery to customers. however, the determination of deliveries to individual customers is based on the reading of their meters, which is performed on a systematic basis throughout the month either electronically through ams meter communications or manual readings. at the end of each month, deliveries to non-ams customers since the date of the last meter reading are estimated and the corresponding unbilled revenue is estimated. information regarding deliveries to ams customers after the last billing is obtained from actual ams meter usage data. unbilled electricity delivery revenue is estimated each month based on actual ams meter data, daily supply volumes and applicable rates. unbilled natural gas sales are estimated based on estimated purchased gas volumes, estimated lost and unaccounted for gas and tariffed rates in effect. as additional information becomes available, or actual amounts are
65
determinable, the recorded estimates are revised. consequently, operating results can be affected by revisions to prior accounting estimates.
pension and other retirement plans we sponsor pension and other retirement plans in various forms covering all employees who meet eligibility requirements. we use several statistical and other factors that attempt to anticipate future events in calculating the expense and liability related to our plans. these factors include assumptions about the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of future compensation increases as estimated by management, within certain guidelines. in addition, our actuarial consultants use subjective factors such as withdrawal and mortality rates. the actuarial assumptions used may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions, higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of participants. these differences may result in a significant impact to the amount of pension expense recorded. please read "- other significant matters - pension plans" for further discussion.
new accounting pronouncements see note 2(o) to our consolidated financial statements , incorporated herein by reference, for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements that affect us.
other significant matters pension plans.  as discussed in note 7(b) to our consolidated financial statements, we maintain a non-contributory qualified defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all employees. employer contributions for the qualified plan are based on actuarial computations that establish the minimum contribution required under erisa and the maximum deductible contribution for income tax purposes.
under the terms of our pension plan, we reserve the right to change, modify or terminate the plan. our funding policy is to review amounts annually and contribute an amount at least equal to the minimum contribution required under erisa.
the minimum funding requirements for the qualified pension plan were $-0-, $-0- and $87 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we made contributions of $-0-, $35 million and $87 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014 for the respective years. we are expected to make contributions aggregating approximately $39 million in 2017.
additionally, we maintain an unfunded non-qualified benefit restoration plan that allows participants to receive the benefits to which they would have been entitled under our non-contributory pension plan except for the federally mandated limits on qualified plan benefits or on the level of compensation on which qualified plan benefits may be calculated. employer contributions for the non-qualified benefit restoration plan represent benefit payments made to participants and totaled $9 million, $31 million and $10 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we expect to make contributions aggregating approximately $7 million in 2017.
changes in pension obligations and assets may not be immediately recognized as pension expense in the income statement, but generally are recognized in future years over the remaining average service period of plan participants. as such, significant portions of pension expense recorded in any period may not reflect the actual level of benefit payments provided to plan participants.
as the sponsor of a plan, we are required to (a) recognize on our balance sheet as an asset a plan's over-funded status or as a liability such plan's under-funded status, (b) measure a plan's assets and obligations as of the end of our fiscal year and (c) recognize changes in the funded status of our plans in the year that changes occur through adjustments to other comprehensive income and regulatory assets.
the projected benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $2,197 million and $2,193 million as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
as of december 31, 2016, the projected benefit obligation exceeded the market value of plan assets of our pension plans by $541 million. changes in interest rates or the market values of the securities held by the plan during 2017 could materially, positively or negatively, change our funded status and affect the level of pension expense and required contributions.
pension cost was $102 million, $90 million and $77 million for 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively, of which $67 million, $59 million and $71 million impacted pre-tax earnings, respectively. included in the 2015 and 2014 pension costs were a $10 million settlement charge and a $6 million curtailment loss, respectively, as discussed below.
66
a one-time, non-cash settlement charge is required when lump sum distributions or other settlements of plan benefit obligations during the year exceed the service cost and interest cost components of net periodic cost for the year. due to the amount of lump sum payment distributions from the non-qualified pension plan during the year ended december 31, 2015, centerpoint energy recognized a non-cash settlement charge of $10 million.  this charge is an acceleration of costs that would otherwise be recognized in future periods.
the calculation of pension expense and related liabilities requires the use of assumptions. changes in these assumptions can result in different expense and liability amounts, and future actual experience can differ from the assumptions. two of the most critical assumptions are the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the assumed discount rate.
as of december 31, 2016, our qualified pension plan had an expected long-term rate of return on plan assets of 6.0%, which is a 0.25% decrease from the rate assumed as of december 31, 2015 due to lower expected capital market return rates. the expected rate of return assumption was developed using the targeted asset allocation of our plans and the expected return for each asset class. we regularly review our actual asset allocation and periodically rebalance plan assets to reduce volatility and better match plan assets and liabilities.
as of december 31, 2016, the projected benefit obligation was calculated assuming a discount rate of 4.15%, which is 0.25% lower than the 4.40% discount rate assumed as of december 31, 2015. the discount rate was determined by reviewing yields on high-quality bonds that receive one of the two highest ratings given by a recognized rating agency and the expected duration of pension obligations specific to the characteristics of our plan.
pension cost for 2017, including the benefit restoration plan, is estimated to be $95 million, of which we expect approximately$65 million to impact pre-tax earnings, based on an expected return on plan assets of 6.0% and a discount rate of 4.15% as of december 31, 2016. if the expected return assumption were lowered by 0.50% from 6.00% to 5.50%, 2017 pension cost would increase by approximately $8 million.
as of december 31, 2016, the pension plan projected benefit obligation, including the unfunded benefit restoration plan, exceeded plan assets by $541 million.  if the discount rate were lowered by 0.50% from 4.15% to 3.65%, the assumption change would increase our projected benefit obligation by approximately $120 million and decrease our 2017 pension expense by approximately $2 million. the expected reduction in pension expense due to the decrease in discount rate is a result of the expected correlation between the reduced interest rate and appreciation of fixed income assets in pension plans with significantly more fixed income instruments than equity instruments. in addition, the assumption change would impact our consolidated balance sheet by increasing the regulatory asset recorded as of december 31, 2016 by $106 million and would result in a charge to comprehensive income in 2016 of $9 million, net of tax.
future changes in plan asset returns, assumed discount rates and various other factors related to the pension plans will impact our future pension expense and liabilities. we cannot predict with certainty what these factors will be in the future.
