item 1a. risk factors our business is subject to various industry, economic, regulatory and other risks and uncertainties. our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects could be materially adversely affected by any one or more of the following risk factors and by additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial:
risks of declining gross margins in the pbm, retail pharmacy and ltc pharmacy industries.
the pbm industry has been experiencing margin pressure as a result of competitive pressures and increased client demands for lower prices, increased revenue sharing, enhanced service offerings and/or higher service levels. in that regard, we maintain contractual relationships with generic pharmaceutical manufacturers and brand name pharmaceutical manufacturers that provide for purchase discounts and/or rebates on drugs dispensed by pharmacies in our retail network and by our specialty and mail order pharmacies (all or a portion of which may be passed on to clients). manufacturer rebates often depend on a pbm's ability to meet contractual market share or other requirements, including in some cases the placement of a manufacturer's products on the pbm's formularies. if we lose our relationship with one or more pharmaceutical manufacturers, or if the discounts or rebates provided by pharmaceutical manufacturers decline, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. further, competitive pressures in the pbm industry have resulted in our clients sharing in a larger portion of rebates and/or discounts received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. market dynamics and regulatory changes have impacted our ability to offer plan sponsors pricing that includes the use of retail "differential" or "spread", which could negatively impact our future profitability. further, changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, purchase discount and rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, or to formulary management or other pbm services could also reduce the discounts or rebates we receive. in addition, changes in federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to claims processing and billing, including our ability to use mac lists and collect transmission fees, could adversely impact our profitability.
our retail pharmacy, specialty pharmacy and ltc pharmacy operations have also been affected by the margin pressures described above, including client demands for lower prices, generic pricing and network reimbursement pressure. in addition, as competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, and this could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive. a shift in the mix of our pharmacy prescription volume towards programs offering lower reimbursement rates could adversely affect our margins, including the shift in pharmacy mix towards 90-day prescriptions at retail and the shift in pharmacy mix towards medicare part d prescriptions.
15
finally, the margins of our ltc business are further affected by the increased efforts of health care payors to negotiate reduced or capitated pricing arrangements. these actions could also adversely affect the margins of our ltc business.
efforts to reduce reimbursement levels and alter health care financing practices.
the continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pbms, government entities, and other third party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation and other legal proceedings relating to how drugs are priced, may impact our profitability. in particular, increased utilization of generic pharmaceuticals (which normally yield a higher gross profit rate than equivalent brand named drugs) has resulted in pressure to decrease reimbursement payments to retail, specialty, ltc and mail order pharmacies for generic drugs, causing a reduction in the generic profit rate. historically, the effect of this trend on generic profitability has been mitigated by our efforts to negotiate reduced acquisition costs of generic pharmaceuticals with manufacturers. however, in recent years, there has been significant consolidation within the generic manufacturing industry, and it is possible that this and other external factors may enhance the ability of manufacturers to sustain or increase pricing of generic pharmaceuticals and diminish our ability to negotiate reduced acquisition costs. any inability to offset increased costs or to modify our activities to lessen the impact could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations.
in addition, during the past several years, the united states health care industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and audits at both the federal and state levels. efforts to control health care costs, including prescription drug costs, are continuing at the federal and state government levels. changing political, economic and regulatory influences may significantly affect health care financing and reimbursement practices. for example, we anticipate that federal and state governments will continue to review and assess alternative health care delivery systems, payment methodologies and operational requirements for health care providers, including ltc facilities and pharmacies. a change in the composition of pharmacy prescription volume toward programs offering lower reimbursement rates could negatively impact our profitability. any action taken to repeal or replace all or significant parts of aca could also impact our profitability, though it is unclear at this time what the full effects will be.
aca made several significant changes to medicaid rebates and to reimbursement. one of these changes was to revise the definition of the average manufacturer price, a pricing element common to most payment formulas, and the reimbursement formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs. this change has negatively affected our reimbursement. in addition, aca made other changes that affect the coverage and plan designs that are or will be provided by many of our health plan clients, including the requirement for health insurers to meet a minimum medical loss ratio to avoid having to pay rebates to enrollees. these aca changes may not affect our business directly, but they could indirectly impact our services and/or business practices.
a highly competitive business environment.
each of our retail pharmacy, ltc pharmacy, retail health clinic and pharmacy services operations currently operates in a highly competitive and evolving health care environment.
the competitive success of our retail pharmacy business, as well as our specialty pharmacy operations with non-caremark payors, is derived by their ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with pbms and other payors on acceptable terms in an environment where some pbm clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. as a pharmacy retail business, we compete with other drugstore chains, supermarkets, on-line and other discount retailers, independent pharmacies, membership clubs, convenience stores and mass merchants, some of which are aggressively expanding into markets we serve. we also face competition from other retail health clinics, as well as other mail order pharmacies and pbms. competition may also come from other sources in the future. changes in market dynamics or the actions of competitors or manufacturers, including industry consolidation, the emergence of new competitors and strategic alliances, and the exclusion from new narrow or restricted networks, could materially and adversely impact us.
we could also be adversely affected if we fail to identify or effectively respond to changes in market dynamics. for example, specialty pharmacy represents a significant and growing proportion of prescription drug spending in the united states, a significant portion of which is dispensed outside of traditional retail pharmacies. because our specialty pharmacy operations focuses on complex and high-cost medications that serve a relatively limited universe of patients, the future growth of this business depends to a significant extent upon expanding our ability to access key drugs and successfully penetrate key treatment categories.
the competitive success of our ltc pharmacy operations is dependent upon our ability to compete in each geographic region where we have operations. in the geographic regions we serve, we compete with pharmerica corporation, our largest
16
competitor, as well as with numerous local and regional institutional pharmacies, pharmacies owned by ltc facilities and local retail pharmacies.
the competitive success of our pharmacy services business is impacted by its ability to establish and maintain contractual relationships with network pharmacies in an environment where some pbm clients are considering adopting narrow or restricted retail pharmacy networks. competitors in the pbm industry (e.g., express scripts, optumrx, prime therapeutics, medimpact and humana), include large, national pbm companies, pbms owned by large national health plans and smaller standalone pbms. competition may also come from other sources in the future. in addition, changes in the overall composition of our pharmacy networks, or reduced pharmacy access under our networks, could adversely affect our claims volume and/or our competitiveness generally.
competitors in each of our business areas may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. strong competition in the pbm marketplace has generated greater client demand for lower pricing, increased revenue sharing and enhanced product and service offerings. unless we can demonstrate enhanced value to our clients through innovative product and service offerings, particularly in a rapidly changing health care industry, we may be unable to remain competitive.
changes in u.s. policy, laws and regulations, including reform of the united states health care system.
the results of the november 2016 elections have generated uncertainty with respect to, and could result in, significant changes in legislation, regulation and government policy that could significantly impact our business and the health care and retail industries. while it is not possible to predict whether and when any such changes will occur or what form any such changes may take (including through the use of executive orders), specific proposals discussed during and after the election that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and results of operations include, but are not limited to, immigration policies, the repeal of all or part of aca and other significant changes to health care system legislation as well as changes with respect to tax and trade policies, tariffs and other government regulations affecting trade between the united states and other countries.
the repeal of all or part of the aca, significant changes to medicaid funding or even significant destabilization of the health insurance marketplaces could impact the number of americans with health insurance and, consequently, prescription drug coverage. even if aca remains, significant provisions of aca have not yet been finalized (e.g., nondiscrimination in health programs and activities, excise tax on high-cost employer-sponsored health coverage) and it is uncertain whether or in what form these provisions will be finalized. we cannot predict the effect, if any, a repeal of all or part of aca, the implementation or failure to implement the outstanding provisions of aca, or the enactment of new health care system legislation to replace current legislation may have on our retail pharmacy, ltc pharmacy and pharmacy services operations.
in addition, much of the branded and generic drug product that we sell in our retail, mail and specialty pharmacies, and much of the other merchandise we sell, is manufactured in whole or in substantial part outside of the united states. in most cases, the products or merchandise are imported by others and sold to us. as a result, significant changes in tax or trade policies, tariffs or trade relations between the united states and other countries, such as the disallowance of tax deductions for imported merchandise or the imposition of unilateral tariffs on imported products, could result in significant increases in our costs, restrict our access to suppliers, depress economic activity, and have a material impact on our business, liquidity and results of operations. in addition, other countries may change their business and trade policies and such changes as well as any negative sentiments towards the united states in response to increased import tariffs and other changes in u.s. trade regulations could adversely affect our business.
finally, comprehensive tax reform is likely to be considered in the current political environment. we expect that tax reform, if enacted, could have a significant impact on the company. current proposals aim to lower the u.s. corporate tax rate from 35% to as low as 15% or 20%, but generally broaden the base to which the lower tax rate would apply. many aspects of tax reform plans remain unknown though, and no proposed legislation has been filed. we cannot say with certainty if tax reform will be enacted, or how it would impact the company.
risks related to compliance with a broad and complex regulatory framework.
our business is subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. see "business - government regulation." in addition, during the past several years, the united states health care industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation and enforcement activity at both the federal and state levels. further, uncertainties exist regarding the application of many of these legal requirements to our business. in addition, it is possible that all, or certain provision of the current health care reform legislation may be modified, repealed or otherwise invalidated. changes in these laws and regulations and the related interpretations and enforcement practices may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to
17
implement. untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including, but not limited to: imposition of civil or criminal penalties; significant fines or monetary penalties; suspension or disgorgement of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications or approvals; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the medicare and medicaid programs; or loss of registrations or licensure. the regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: the laws and regulations described in the government regulation section; accounting standards; financial disclosure; securities laws and regulations; federal anti-trust laws; tax laws and regulations and their possible reform; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous materials and wastes; and laws and regulations of the ftc, the fcc, and the consumer product safety commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products that we sell, such as boards of pharmacy. the fda, dea and various states regulate the distribution of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level registrations and licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the federal and various states' controlled substances acts and their accompanying regulations governing the sale, marketing, packaging, holding and distribution of controlled substances. the dea, fda and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to suspend our registrations and licenses, seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations. in addition, our business interests outside of the united states are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act and other applicable domestic and international laws and regulations. we are also subject to the terms of various government agreements and mandates, including those described in the government regulation section. in that regard, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected by existing and new government legislative, regulatory action and enforcement activity, including, without limitation, any one or more of the following:
•   federal and state laws and regulations concerning the submission of claims for reimbursement by medicare, medicaid and other government programs, whether at retail, mail, specialty or ltc;
•   federal and state laws and regulations governing the purchase, distribution, tracking, management, compounding, dispensing and reimbursement of prescription drugs and related services, whether at retail, mail, specialty or ltc, and applicable registration or licensing requirements;
•   heighted enforcement of controlled substances regulations;
•   the effect of the expiration of patents covering brand name drugs and the introduction of generic products;
•   the frequency and rate of approvals by the fda of new brand name and generic drugs, or of over-the-counter status for brand name drugs;
•   rules and regulations issued pursuant to hipaa and the hitech act; and other federal and state laws affecting the collection, use, disclosure and transmission of health or other personal information, such as federal laws on information privacy precipitated by concerns about information collection through the internet, state security breach laws and state laws limiting the use and disclosure of prescriber information;
•   health care fraud and abuse laws regulations;
•   consumer protection laws affecting our health care services, our loyalty programs, our drug discount card programs, the products we sell, the informational calls we make and/or the marketing of our goods and services;
•   federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations applicable to our business, including the management of hazardous substances, storage and transportation of hazardous materials, and various recordkeeping disclosure and procedure requirements promulgated by the occupational safety and health administration that may apply to our operations;
•   health care reform, managed care reform and plan design legislation;
•   laws against the corporate practice of medicine;
•   fda regulation affecting the retail, ltc, specialty or pbm industry;
•   government regulation of the development, administration, review and updating of formularies and drug lists including requirements and/or limitations around formulary tiering and patient cost sharing;
•   state laws and regulations related to increased oversight of pbm activities by state departments of insurance pharmacy reimbursement for generics and pharmacy audits;
•   drug pricing legislation, including "most favored nation" pricing;
•   federal and state laws and regulations establishing or changing prompt payment requirements for payments to retail pharmacies;
•   impact of network access legislation or regulations, including "any willing provider" laws, on our ability to manage pharmacy networks;
•   erisa and related regulations;
•   administration of medicare part d, including legislative changes and/or cms rulemaking and interpretation;
•   medicare and medicaid regulations applicable to our business, in particular our ltc pharmacies and those of our client's facilities;
18
•   ongoing compliance with consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, corrective action plans and other agreements with government agencies;
•   insurance licensing and other insurance regulatory requirements applicable to offering medicare part d programs and services or other health care services; and
•   direct regulation of pharmacies or pbms by regulatory and quasi-regulatory bodies.
the possibility of client losses and/or the failure to win new business.
our pbm business generates net revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. pbm client contracts often have terms of approximately three years in duration, so approximately one third of a pbm's client base typically is subject to renewal each year. in some cases, however, pbm clients may negotiate a shorter or longer contract term or may require early or periodic renegotiation of pricing prior to expiration of a contract. our clients are generally well informed and organized, can easily move between our competitors and often seek competing bids prior to expiration of their contracts. in addition, the reputational impact of a service-related incident could negatively affect our business. these factors, together with the impact of competitive pressures, could make it difficult for us to attract new clients, retain existing clients and cross-sell additional services. further, the pbm industry has been affected by consolidation activity that may continue in the future. in the event one or more of our pbm clients is acquired by an entity that is not also our client, we may be unable to retain all or a portion of the acquired business. these circumstances, either individually or in the aggregate, could result in an adverse effect on our business and financial results. therefore, we continually face challenges in competing for new pbm business and retaining or renewing our existing pbm business. with respect to our ltc business, reimbursement from skilled nursing facilities for prescriptions we dispense is determined pursuant to our agreements with those skilled nursing facilities. the termination of these agreements generally causes our ability to provide services to any of the residents of that facility to cease, resulting in the loss of revenue from any source for those residents. there can be no assurance that we will be able to win new business or secure renewal business on terms as favorable to us as the present terms.
additionally, with respect to our retail and ltc pharmacy businesses, reimbursement under medicare part d, as well as reimbursement from certain private third-party payors, is determined pursuant to agreements that we negotiate with those payors or their pharmacy benefit manager representatives. the loss of those agreements, or a material change in the terms of those agreements, could negatively impact the company. in addition, restricted networks that exclude our retail or specialty pharmacies negatively impact those businesses.
risks related to the frequency and rate of the introduction and pricing of generic drugs and brand name prescription products.
the profitability of our business is dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. utilization trends are affected by, among other factors, the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals as well as lower-priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products, as the sale of generic alternatives normally yield higher gross margins than brand name equivalents. in addition, inflation in the price of the brand name drugs can affect utilization, particularly given the increase in high deductible health plans. accordingly, our business could be impacted by a slowdown or delay in the number or magnitude of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals and/or generic alternatives, as well as the pricing of brand name drugs.
the health of the economy in general and in the markets we serve.
our business is affected by the economy and consumer confidence in general, including various economic factors, inflation and changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. it is possible that an unfavorable, uncertain or volatile economic environment will cause a decline in drug and health care services utilization and dampen demand for pharmacy benefit management services as well as consumer demand for products sold in our retail stores. further economic conditions including interest rate fluctuations, changes in capital market conditions and regulatory changes may affect our ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, our ability to secure suitable store locations under acceptable terms and our ability to execute sale-leaseback transactions under acceptable terms. these changes in conditions could result in an adverse effect on our business and financial results. this could be further exacerbated by the increasing prevalence of high deductible health plans and health plan designs favoring co-insurance over co-payments.
19
the failure or disruption of our information technology systems, our information security systems and our infrastructure to support our business and to protect the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information.
many aspects of our operations are dependent on our information systems and the information collected, processed, stored, and handled by these systems. we rely heavily on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, claims processing, extracare customer loyalty program, finance, human resource and other processes. throughout our operations, we receive, retain and transmit certain confidential information, including pii that our customers and clients provide to purchase products or services, enroll in programs or services, register on our websites, interact with our personnel, or otherwise communicate with us. in addition, for these operations, we depend in part on the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches including credit card or personally identifiable information breaches, coordinated cyber attacks, vandalism, catastrophic events and human error. although we deploy a layered approach to address information security threats and vulnerabilities, including ones from a cyber security standpoint, designed to protect confidential information against data security breaches, a compromise of our information security controls or of those businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged, or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers and clients, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. moreover, a data security breach could require that we expend significant resources related to our information systems and infrastructure, and could distract management and other key personnel from performing their primary operational duties. we also could be adversely affected by any significant disruption in the systems of third parties we interact with, including key payors and vendors.
if our information systems are damaged, fail to work properly or otherwise become unavailable, or if we are unable to successfully complete our planned consolidation of our pbm claims adjudication platforms, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience reputational damage, loss of critical information, customer disruption and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform essential functions and implement new and innovative services. in addition, compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in considerable expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes.
risks relating to the market availability, suppliers and safety profiles of prescription drugs that we purchase and sell.
we dispense significant volumes of brand-name and generic drugs from our retail, ltc, specialty and mail-order pharmacies and through our pbm's network of retail pharmacies. when increased safety risk profiles or manufacturing or other supply issues of specific drugs or classes of drugs occur, or drugs become subject to greater restrictions as controlled substances, physicians may cease writing prescriptions for these drugs or the utilization of these drugs may be otherwise reduced.
additionally, adverse publicity regarding drugs with higher safety risk profiles may result in reduced consumer demand for such drugs. on occasion, products are withdrawn by their manufacturers or transition to over-the-counter products, which can result in lower prescription utilization. in addition, future fda rulings could restrict the supply or increase the cost of products sold to our customers. our volumes, net revenues, profitability and cash flows may decline as a result of such regulatory rulings or market changes.
further, we acquire a substantial amount of our mail and specialty pharmacies' prescription drug supply from a limited number of suppliers. our agreements with these suppliers are often short-term and easily cancelable by either party without cause. in addition, these agreements may limit our ability to provide services for competing drugs during the term of the agreement and may allow the supplier to distribute through channels other than ours. certain of these agreements also allow pricing and other terms to be adjusted periodically for changing market conditions or required service levels. a termination or modification to any of these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. moreover, many products distributed by our specialty pharmacy business are manufactured with ingredients that are susceptible to supply shortages.
a disruption in our business operations could occur as a result of contamination of drugs, a failure to maintain necessary shipment and storage conditions, errors in mail order processing, the unavailability of prescription drugs provided by suppliers, labor disruptions or other unanticipated disruptions at our mail order facilities, call centers, data centers or corporate facilities, among other factors. such disruption could reduce our ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to our customers.
20
in the event any products we distribute are in limited supply for significant periods of time, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
regulatory and business changes relating to our participation in medicare part d.
medicare part d has resulted in increased utilization and puts pressure on pharmacy gross margin rates due to regulatory and competitive pressures. further, as a result of aca and changes to the retiree drug subsidy rules, our pbm clients could decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits to their medicare-eligible members. to the extent this occurs, the adverse effects of increasing customer migration into medicare part d may outweigh the benefits we realize from growth of our medicare part d business. in addition, if the cost and complexity of medicare part d exceed management's expectations or prevent effective program implementation or administration; if changes to the regulations regarding how drug costs are reported for medicare part d are implemented in a manner that impacts the profitability of our medicare part d business; if changes to the regulations impact our ability to retain fees from third parties including network pharmacies; if the government alters medicare program requirements or reduces funding because of the higher-than-anticipated cost to taxpayers of medicare part d or for other reasons; if congress acts to reduce reinsurance thresholds from 80% to 20%; if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to medicare participants; if cms imposes restrictions on our medicare part d business as a result of audits or other regulatory actions; if we fail to successfully implement corrective action or other remedial measures sufficient to prevent or remove any applicable restrictions that may be imposed by cms; or if we are not successful in retaining enrollees, or winning contract renewals or new contracts under medicare part d's competitive bidding process, our medicare part d services and the ability to expand our medicare part d services could be negatively impacted.
possible changes in industry pricing benchmarks and drug pricing generally.
it is possible that the pharmaceutical industry or regulators may evaluate and/or develop an alternative pricing reference to replace average wholesale price ("awp") or wholesale acquisition cost ("wac"), which are the pricing references used for many of our pbm and ltc client contracts, pharmaceutical purchase agreements, retail network contracts, specialty payor agreements and other contracts with third party payors in connection with the reimbursement of drug payments. in addition, many state medicaid fee-for-service programs ("ffs medicaid") are expected to establish pharmacy network payments on the basis of actual acquisition cost ("aac") by april 1, 2017. this move to an aac basis in ffs medicaid could have an impact in reimbursement practices in other commercial and government segments. future changes to the use of awp, wac or to other published pricing benchmarks used to establish pharmaceutical pricing, including changes in the basis for calculating reimbursement by federal and state health programs and/or other payors, could impact the reimbursement we receive from medicare and medicaid programs, the reimbursement we receive from pbm clients and other payors and/or our ability to negotiate rebates and/or discounts with pharmaceutical manufacturers, wholesalers, pbms and retail pharmacies. a failure or inability to fully offset any increased prices or costs or to modify our operations to mitigate the impact of such increases could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. additionally, any future changes in drug prices could be significantly different than our projections. the effect of these possible changes on our business cannot be predicted at this time.
product liability, product recall or personal injury issues could damage our reputation; failure to maintain adequate liability insurance coverage.
the products that we sell could become subject to contamination, product tampering, mislabeling, recall or other damage. in addition, errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury or death. product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide. our business involves the provision of professional services including by pharmacists, nurses and nurse practitioners that exposes us to professional liability claims. should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims. we also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
relationship with our retail and specialty pharmacy customers and the demand for our products and services, including propriety brands.
the success of our business depends in part on customer loyalty, superior customer service and our ability to persuade customers to frequent our retail stores and online sites and to purchase products in additional categories and our proprietary brands. failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and spending patterns, and evolving demographic mixes in our markets, an inability to expand the products being purchased by our clients and customers, or the
21
failure or inability to obtain or offer particular categories of products could negatively affect our relationship with our clients and customers and the demand for our products and services and could result in excess inventories of products.
we offer our retail customers proprietary brand products that are available exclusively at our retail stores and through our online retail sites. the sale of proprietary products subjects us to unique risks including potential product liability risks and mandatory or voluntary product recalls, potential supply chain and distribution chain disruptions for raw materials and finished products, our ability to successfully protect our intellectual property rights and the rights of applicable third parties, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, market and sell private-label products. any failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. additionally, an increase in the sales of our proprietary brands may negatively affect our sales of products owned by our suppliers which, consequently, could adversely impact certain of our supplier relationships. our ability to locate qualified, economically stable suppliers who satisfy our requirements, and to acquire sufficient products in a timely and effective manner, is critical to ensuring, among other things, that customer confidence is not diminished. any failure to develop sourcing relationships with a broad and deep supplier base could adversely affect our financial performance and erode customer loyalty.
moreover, customer expectations and new technology advances from our competitors have required that our business evolve so that we are able to engage with our retail customers not only face-to-face in our stores but also online and via mobile and social media. our customers are using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online, as well as to provide public reactions concerning each facet of our operation. if we fail to keep pace with dynamic customer expectations and new technology developments, our ability to compete and maintain customer loyalty could be adversely affected.
finally, our specialty pharmacy business focuses on complex and high-cost medications, many of which are made available by manufacturers to a limited number of pharmacies (so-called limited distribution drugs), that serve a relatively limited universe of patients. as a result, the future growth of our specialty pharmacy business is dependent largely upon expanding our base of drugs or penetration in certain treatment categories. any contraction of our base of patients or reduction in demand for the prescriptions we currently dispense could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and disrupt our business operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit cards, debit cards, gift cards, mobile payments and potentially other technologies in the future. acceptance of these payment methods subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements may change in the future, which could make compliance more difficult or costly. for certain payment options, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which could increase periodically thereby raising our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and various other forms of electronic payment. if these companies are unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, our operations could be disrupted. the payment methods that we offer also expose us to potential fraud and theft by persons seeking to obtain unauthorized access to, or exploit any weaknesses in, the payment systems. if we fail to abide by applicable rules or requirements, or if data relating to our payment systems is compromised due to a breach or misuse, we may be responsible for any costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees. in addition, our reputation and ability to accept certain types of payments could each be harmed resulting in reduced sales and adverse effects on our results of operations.
we may be unable to successfully integrate companies acquired by us.
upon the closing of any acquisition we complete, we will need to successfully integrate the products, services and related assets, as well as internal controls into our business operations. if an acquisition is consummated, the integration of the acquired business, its products, services and related assets into our company may also be complex and time-consuming and, if the integration is not fully successful, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits, operating and cost synergies or growth opportunities of an acquisition. potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following:
•   integrating personnel, operations and systems, while maintaining focus on producing and delivering consistent, high quality products and services;
•   coordinating geographically dispersed organizations;
•   disruption of management's attention from our ongoing business operations;
•   retaining existing customers and attracting new customers; and
22
•   managing inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations.
an inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated benefits, operating and cost synergies, innovations and operations efficiencies or growth opportunities of an acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operation. furthermore, these acquisitions, even if successfully integrated, may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products, services or geographic markets, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with an acquired business including risks and liabilities associated with litigation involving the acquired business. any one of these challenges or risks could impair our ability to realize any benefit from our acquisitions after we have expended resources on them.
our outstanding debt and associated payment obligations could, among other things, limit our ability to make incremental investments in our business.
our current debt service costs associated with our increased debt levels may dampen incremental investments in our business and limit our flexibility to respond to industry changes and market conditions. in addition, our debt level and related debt service obligations could make it more difficult or expensive for us to obtain any required future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes. moreover, we may be unable to refinance existing indebtedness or otherwise access the capital markets for any reason, whether due to market conditions or otherwise. these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business operations and financial condition.
risks related to the seasonality of our business.
although the majority of our revenues, particularly pharmacy revenues, are generally not seasonal in nature, front store revenues tend to be higher during the december holiday season. uncharacteristic or extreme weather conditions can adversely impact consumer shopping patterns as well. this could lead to lost sales, as well as increased snow removal and other costs, thereby negatively affecting our short-term results of operations. in addition, both pharmacy and front store revenues are affected by the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, which is susceptible to large fluctuations from year to year, and our quarterly earnings and operating cash flows are impacted by the medicare part d benefit design and changes in the composition of our membership. see "business - pharmacy services seasonality."
risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings.
pharmacy services, retail pharmacy and ltc pharmacy are highly regulated and litigious industries. we are currently subject to various litigation matters, investigations, audits, inspections, government inquiries, and regulatory and legal proceedings. litigation, and particularly securities and collective or class action litigation, is often expensive and disruptive. further, under the qui tam or "whistleblower" provisions of the federal and various state false claims acts, private citizens may bring lawsuits alleging that a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute or similar laws has resulted in the submission of "false" claims to federal and/or state health care programs, including medicare and medicaid. litigation related to our provision of professional services in our pharmacies, specialty pharmacies, clinics and ltc facilities has also increased as we expand our services along the continuum of health care. we cannot predict the outcome of any of these matters, and the costs incurred may be substantial regardless of outcome. our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected, or we may be required to materially change our business practices, as a result of such proceedings. we refer you to item 3, "legal proceedings" for additional information.
the foregoing is not a comprehensive listing of all possible risks and there can be no assurance that we have correctly identified and appropriately assessed all factors affecting the business. as such, we refer you to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which includes our "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" at the end of such section, of our annual report to stockholders for the year ended december 31, 2016, which section is incorporated by reference herein.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations we refer you to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which includes our "cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements" at the end of such section of our annual report to stockholders for the year ended december 31, 2016, which section is incorporated by reference herein.
