item 1a.  risk factors.
risk factors relating to our operations our business is sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending as a result of downturns in the economy and other factors outside our control consumer demand for casino hotel and racetrack properties such as ours is particularly sensitive to downturns in the economy and the associated impact on discretionary spending on leisure activities. changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences brought about by factors such as perceived or actual general economic conditions, effects of declines in consumer confidence in the economy, including the recent housing, employment and credit crisis, the impact of high energy and food costs, the increased cost of travel, the potential for continued bank failures, decreased disposable consumer income and wealth, or fears of war and future acts of terrorism could further reduce customer demand for the amenities that we offer, which have had a negative impact on our results of operations in the past and could negatively impact our results of operations in the future. increases in gasoline prices, including increases prompted by global political and economic instabilities, can adversely affect our operations because most of our patrons travel to our properties by car or on airlines that may pass on increases in fuel costs to passengers in the form of higher ticket prices. in addition, security concerns, terrorist attacks and other geopolitical events can have a material adverse effect on leisure and business travel, discretionary spending and other areas of economic behavior that directly impact the gaming and entertainment industries in general and our business in particular. economic downturns, geopolitical events and other related factors which impact discretionary consumer spending and other economic activities have had direct effects on our business and the tourism industry in the past. we cannot be sure how these factors will impact our operations in the future or the extent of the impact.
we face substantial competition in the hotel and casino industry and expect that such competition will continue the gaming industry is characterized by an increasingly high degree of competition among a large number of participants, including land‐based casinos, dockside casinos, riverboat casinos, casinos located on racing tracks and casinos located on native american reservations and other forms of legalized gaming. we also compete, to a lesser extent, with other forms of legalized gaming and entertainment such as online computer gambling, bingo, pull tab games, card parlors, sports books, fantasy sports websites, "cruise-to-nowhere" operations, pari-mutuel or telephonic betting on horse racing and dog racing, state-sponsored lotteries, jai-alai, and, in the future, may compete with gaming at other venues. in addition, we compete more generally with other forms of entertainment for the discretionary spending of our customers.
13
certain states have legalized casino gaming and other states may legalize gaming in the future. legalized casino gaming in these states and on native american reservations near our markets or changes to gaming laws in states surrounding our operations could increase competition and could adversely affect our operations. there has been significant competition in our markets as a result of the expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market or legislative changes in prior years. for example, casino gaming is currently prohibited in several jurisdictions from which the shreveport/bossier city market draws customers, primarily texas. the texas legislature has from time to time considered proposals to legalize gaming, and there can be no assurance that casino gaming will not be approved in texas in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on eldorado shreveport. additionally, since visitors from california comprise a significant portion of our customer base in reno, we also compete with native american gaming operations in california. native american tribes are allowed to operate slot machines, lottery games and banking and percentage games on native american lands. although many existing native american gaming facilities in northern california are modest compared to the nevada properties, a number of native american tribes have established large‐scale gaming facilities in california. in addition, various forms of internet gaming have been approved in nevada, new jersey and delaware, and legislation permitting internet gaming has been proposed by the federal government and other states.  the expansion of internet gaming in nevada and other jurisdictions could result in significant additional competition.
gaming competition is intense in most of the markets in which we operate. there has been significant competition in our markets as a result of the expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market or legislative changes in prior years. for example, casino gaming is currently prohibited in several jurisdictions from which the shreveport/bossier city market draws customers, primarily texas. the texas legislature has from time to time considered proposals to legalize gaming, and there can be no assurance that casino gaming will not be approved in texas in the future, which may have a negative effect on our business. additionally, since visitors from california comprise a significant portion of our customer base in reno, we also compete with native american gaming operations in california. native american tribes are allowed to operate slot machines, lottery games and banking and percentage games on native american lands. although many existing native american gaming facilities in northern california are modest compared to the nevada properties, a number of native american tribes have established large‐scale gaming facilities in california. an additional license has been granted for a casino to be located in lawrence county, pennsylvania, approximately 45 miles from mountaineer and 90 miles from presque isle downs, which would result in further competition for both of those properties. further, gaming facilities in ohio that commenced operations in recent years present significant competition for mountaineer, presque isle downs and scioto downs.
increased competition may require us to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and enhance the competitive positions of our properties to increase the attractiveness and add to the appeal of our facilities. because we are highly leveraged, after satisfying our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient funds to undertake these expenditures or that we will be able to obtain sufficient financing to fund such expenditures. if we are unable to make such expenditures, our competitive position could be negatively affected.
we are subject to extensive state and local regulation and licensing, and gaming authorities have significant control over our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business licensing requirements.  the ownership and operation of casino gaming, riverboat and horseracing facilities are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation, and regulatory authorities at the federal, state, and local levels have broad powers with respect to the licensing of gaming businesses and may revoke, suspend, condition or limit our gaming or other licenses, impose substantial fines, and take other actions, each of which poses a significant risk to our business, financial condition, and results of operations. we currently hold all state and local licenses and related approvals necessary to conduct our present gaming operations, but we must periodically apply to renew many of our licenses and registrations. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain such renewals. any failure to maintain or renew our existing licenses, registrations, permits or approvals would have a material adverse effect on us. furthermore, if additional laws or regulations are adopted or existing laws or regulations are amended, these regulations could impose additional restrictions or costs that could have a significant adverse effect on us. as an example, on august 26, 2014, the board of health of hancock county, west virginia adopted and approved the clean air regulation act of 2014 ("regulation"), which became effective july 1, 2015. the regulation bans smoking in public places in hancock county including at mountaineer. to comply with the regulation upon its effective date, mountaineer built a 9,300 square foot smoking pavilion which opened on july 1, 2015 and currently houses 322 slot machines and four table games. notwithstanding our efforts to mitigate the impact of the smoking ban, the regulation has had a negative impact on our business and results of operations at mountaineer. we expect that the regulation will continue to, and any similar regulations enacted in the future may, negatively impact our business and results of operations and such impact would be material.
14
gaming authorities with jurisdiction over our operations may, in their discretion, require the holder of any securities issued by us to file applications, be investigated, and be found suitable to own our securities if they have reason to believe that the security ownership would be inconsistent with the declared policies of their respective jurisdictions. further, the costs of any investigation conducted by any of the gaming authorities under these circumstances must be paid by the applicant, and refusal or failure to pay these charges may constitute grounds for a finding that the applicant is unsuitable to own the securities. if any of the gaming authorities determines that a person is unsuitable to own our securities, then, under the applicable gaming or horse racing laws and regulations, we can be sanctioned, including the loss of approvals that are required for us to continue our gaming operations in the relevant jurisdictions, if such unsuitable person does not timely sell our securities.
our officers, directors, and key employees are also subject to a variety of regulatory requirements and various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we operate gaming facilities. if any of the applicable gaming authorities were to find an officer, director or key employee of ours unsuitable for licensing or unsuitable to continue having a relationship with us, we would have to sever all relationships with that person. furthermore, the gaming authorities may require us to terminate the employment of any person who refuses to file appropriate applications. either result could materially adversely affect our gaming operations.
applicable gaming laws and regulations restrict our ability to issue securities, incur debt and undertake other financing activities. such transactions would generally require approval of applicable gaming authorities, and our financing counterparties, including lenders, might be subject to various licensing and related approval procedures in the various jurisdictions in which we operate gaming facilities. if state regulatory authorities were to find any person unsuitable with regard to his, her or its relationship to us or any of our subsidiaries, we would be required to sever our relationships with that person, which could materially adversely affect our business.
compliance with other laws.  we are also subject to a variety of other federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and ordinances that apply to non-gaming businesses, including zoning, environmental, construction and land-use laws and regulations governing the serving of alcoholic beverages. under various federal, state and local laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or wastes located on its property, regardless of whether or not the present owner or operator knows of, or is responsible for, the presence of such substances or wastes. we have not identified any issues associated with our properties that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on us or the results of our operations. however, several of our properties are located in industrial areas or were used for industrial purposes for many years. as a consequence, it is possible that historical or neighboring activities have affected one or more of our properties and that, as a result, environmental issues could arise in the future, the precise nature of which we cannot now predict. the coverage and attendant compliance costs associated with these laws, regulations and ordinances may result in future additional costs.
regulations adopted by fincen require us to report currency transactions in excess of $10,000 occurring within a gaming day, including identification of the patron by name and social security number. u.s. treasury department regulations also require us to report certain suspicious activity, including any transaction that exceeds $5,000, if we know, suspect or have reason to believe that the transaction involves funds from illegal activity or is designed to evade federal regulations or reporting requirements. substantial penalties can be imposed if we fail to comply with these regulations. fincen has recently increased its focus on gaming companies.
we are required to report certain customer's gambling winnings via form w-2g to comply with current internal revenue service regulations. should these regulations change, we would expect to incur additional costs to comply with the revised reporting requirements.
a new rule implemented by the u.s. department of labor ("dol"), which was expected to become effective december 1, 2016, provides that certain exempt salaried employees making below $47,476 annually will be eligible for overtime. we expect to incur additional costs associated with complying with this revised rule. in november 2016, a u.s. district court of the eastern district of texas issued a preliminary injunction enjoining the implementation of the dol rule.
15
taxation and fees. in addition, gaming companies are generally subject to significant revenue-based taxes and fees in addition to normal federal, state, and local income taxes, and such taxes and fees are subject to increase at any time. we pay substantial taxes and fees with respect to our operations. from time to time, federal, state, and local legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. in addition, worsening economic conditions could intensify the efforts of state and local governments to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes and/or property taxes. it is not possible to determine with certainty the likelihood of changes in tax laws or in the administration of such laws. such changes, if adopted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. the large number of state and local governments with significant current or projected budget deficits makes it more likely that those governments that currently permit gaming will seek to fund such deficits with new or increased gaming taxes and/or property taxes, and worsening economic conditions could intensify those efforts. any material increase, or the adoption of additional taxes or fees, could have a material adverse effect on our future financial results.
we rely on our key personnel and we may face difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified employees for our casinos and race tracks our future success will depend upon, among other things, our ability to keep our senior executives and highly qualified employees. we compete with other potential employers for employees, and we may not succeed in hiring or retaining the executives and other employees that we need. a sudden loss of or inability to replace key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation.
in addition, the operation of our business requires qualified executives, managers and skilled employees with gaming and horse racing industry experience and qualifications who are able to obtain the requisite licenses and approval from the applicable gaming authorities. while not currently the case, there has from time to time been a shortage of skilled labor in our markets. in addition to limitations that may otherwise exist in the supply of skilled labor, the continued expansion of gaming near our facilities, including the expansion of native american gaming, may make it more difficult for us to attract qualified individuals. while we believe that we will continue to be able to attract and retain qualified employees, shortages of skilled labor will make it increasingly difficult and expensive to attract and retain the services of a satisfactory number of qualified employees, and we may incur higher costs than expected as a result.
our operations in certain jurisdictions depend on agreements with third parties our operations in several jurisdictions depend on agreements with third parties. if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms as they expire, our business may be disrupted and, in the event of disruptions in multiple jurisdictions, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
for example, the federal interstate horse racing act and the state racing laws in west virginia, ohio and pennsylvania require that, in order to simulcast races, we have written agreements with the horse owners and trainers at those racetracks. in addition, in order to operate slot machines in west virginia, we are required to enter into written agreements regarding the proceeds of the slot machines (a "proceeds agreement") with a representative of a majority of the horse owners and trainers and with a representative of a majority of the pari‐mutuel clerks.
if we fail to maintain operative agreements with the horsemen at any of our racetracks, we will not be permitted to conduct live racing and export and import simulcasting at the applicable racetrack. in addition, if we fail to maintain operative agreements with the horsemen at mountaineer, presque isle downs and scioto downs (including if we do not have in place the legally required proceeds agreement with the mountaineer pari‐mutuel clerks union), we will not be permitted to continue our gaming operations at those facilities. if we fail to renew or modify existing agreements on satisfactory terms, this failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
work stoppages, organizing drives and other labor problems could negatively impact our future profits some of our employees are currently represented by labor unions. a lengthy strike or other work stoppages at any of our casino properties could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. given the large number of employees, labor unions are making a concerted effort to recruit more employees in the gaming industry. in addition, organized labor may benefit from new legislation or legal interpretations by the current presidential administration. particularly, in light of current support for changes to federal and state labor laws, we cannot provide any assurance that we will not experience additional and more successful union organization activity in the future.
16
because portions of the land on which our facilities are situated are leased, the termination of such leases could adversely affect our business we lease certain parcels of land on which several of our properties are located, including a portion of the parcel on which eldorado reno is located, the land on which eldorado shreveport is built and a portion of the property on which circus reno is located. as a ground lessee, we have the right to use the leased land; however, we do not hold fee ownership in the underlying land. accordingly, with respect to the leased land, we will have no interest in the land or improvements thereon at the expiration of the ground leases. moreover, since we do not completely control the land underlying the property, a landowner could take certain actions to disrupt our rights in the land leased under the long-term leases which are beyond our control. if the entity owning any leased land chose to disrupt our use either permanently or for a significant period of time, then the value of our assets could be impaired and our business and operations could be adversely affected. if we were to default on any one or more of these leases, the applicable lessors could terminate the affected leases and we could lose possession of the affected land and any improvements on the land, including the hotels and casinos. this would have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations as we would then be unable to operate all or portions of the affected facilities and may result in the default under the agreements governing our indebtedness.
because we own real property, we will be subject to extensive environmental regulation, which creates uncertainty regarding future environmental expenditures and liabilities we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that govern activities that may have adverse environmental effects, such as discharges to air and water, as well as the use, storage, discharge, emission and disposal of solid, animal and hazardous wastes and exposure to hazardous materials. these laws and regulations are complex and frequently subject to change. in addition, our horseracing facilities are subject to laws and regulations that address the impacts of manure and wastewater generated by concentrated animal feeding operations ("cafo") on water quality, including, but not limited to, storm water discharges. cafo regulations include permit requirements and water quality discharge standards. enforcement of cafo regulations has been receiving increased governmental attention. compliance with these and other environmental laws can, in some circumstances, require significant capital expenditures. we have from time to time been responsible for investigating and remediating, or contributing to remediation costs related to, contamination located at or near certain of our facilities, including contamination related to underground storage tanks and groundwater contamination arising from prior uses of land on which certain of our facilities are located. in addition, we have been, and may in the future be, required to manage, abate, remove or contain manure and wastewater generated by concentrated animal feeding operations due to our racetrack operations, mold, lead, asbestos‐containing materials or other hazardous conditions found in or on our properties. moreover, violations can result in significant fines or penalties and, in some instances, interruption or cessation of operations.
we are also subject to laws and regulations that create liability and cleanup responsibility for releases of regulated materials into the environment. certain of these laws and regulations impose strict, and under certain circumstances joint and several, liability on a current or previous owner or operator of property for the costs of remediating regulated materials on or emanating from its property. the costs of investigation, remediation or removal of those substances may be substantial.
17
an earthquake, flood, other natural disaster or act of terrorism could adversely affect our business although we maintain insurance that is customary and appropriate for our business, each of our insurance policies is subject to certain exclusions. in addition, in some cases our property insurance coverage is combined among certain of our properties or is otherwise in an amount that may be significantly less than the expected replacement cost of rebuilding our facilities in the event of a total loss. such losses may occur as a result of any number of casualty events, including as a result of earthquakes, floods, hurricanes or other severe weather conditions. in particular, the reno area has been, and may in the future be, subject to earthquakes and other natural disasters and eldorado shreveport is located in a designated flood zone. inadequate insurance or lack of available insurance for these and other certain types or levels of risk could expose us to significant losses in the event that a catastrophe occurred for which we are underinsured. in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of the casualty event or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed. while we carry general liability insurance and business interruption insurance, there can be no assurance that insurance will be available or adequate to cover all loss and damage to which our business or our assets might be subjected. in addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes, nuclear events, loss of income due to terrorism, deterioration or corrosion, insect or animal damage and pollution, may not be covered under our policies. any losses we incur that are not adequately covered by insurance may decrease our future operating income, require us to fund replacements or repairs for destroyed property and reduce the funds available for payments of our obligations. further, we renew our insurance policies on an annual basis. the cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits or agree to certain exclusions from coverage. among other factors, it is possible that regional political tensions, homeland security concerns, other catastrophic events or any change in government legislation governing insurance coverage for acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect available insurance coverage and result in increased premiums on available coverage (which may cause us to elect to reduce its policy limits), additional exclusions from coverage or higher deductibles. among other potential future adverse changes, in the future we may elect to not, or may not be able to, obtain any coverage for losses due to acts of terrorism.
we are subject to risks relating to mechanical failure, forces of nature, casualty, extraordinary maintenance and other causes all of our facilities will generally be subject to the risk that operations could be halted for a temporary or extended period of time, as the result of casualty, forces of nature, mechanical failure, or extended or extraordinary maintenance, among other causes. in addition, our gaming operations could be damaged or halted due to extreme weather conditions. these risks are particularly pronounced at eldorado shreveport's riverboat and dockside facilities because of their location on and adjacent to water.
we are or may become involved in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could impact our business and financial condition from time to time, we are named in lawsuits or other legal proceedings relating to our respective businesses. in particular, the nature of our business subjects us to the risk of lawsuits filed by customers, past and present employees, competitors, business partners and others in the ordinary course of business. as with all legal proceedings, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of these matters. moreover, legal proceedings can be expensive and time consuming, and we may not be successful in defending or prosecuting these lawsuits, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our information technology and other systems are subject to cyber security risk including misappropriation of customer information or other breaches of information security our operations require that we collect customer data, including credit card numbers and other personally identifiable information, for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. the collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted in the united states and other jurisdictions around the world. privacy regulations continue to evolve and on occasion may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another. our information and processes are subject to the ever-changing threat of compromised security in the form of a risk of potential breach, system failure, computer virus, or unauthorized or fraudulent use by customers, company employees, or employees of third-party vendors. the steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful, and any resulting compromise or loss of data or systems could adversely impact operations or regulatory compliance and could result in remedial expenses, fines, litigation, and loss of reputation, potentially impacting our financial results.
18
in addition, third-party service providers and other business partners process and maintain proprietary business information and data related to our guests, suppliers and other business partners. our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit this information, or those of service providers or business partners, may also be compromised by a malicious third-party penetration of its network security or that of a third-party service provider or business partner, or impacted by intentional or unintentional actions or inactions by its employees or those of a third-party service provider or business partner. as a result, our business information, guest, supplier, and other business partner data may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without their consent.
any such loss, disclosure or misappropriation of, or access to, guests' or business partners' information or other breach of our information security can result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, may have a serious impact on our reputation and may adversely affect its businesses, operating results and financial condition. furthermore, the loss, disclosure or misappropriation of our business information may adversely affect our reputation, businesses, operating results and financial condition.
our operations have historically been subject to seasonal variations and quarterly fluctuations in operating results, and we can expect to experience such variations and fluctuations in the future historically, our operations have typically been subject to seasonal variations. our strongest operating results for our reno properties have generally occurred in the second and third quarters and the weakest results have generally occurred during the period from november through february when weather conditions adversely affected operating results. winter conditions can frequently adversely affect transportation routes to reno, where approximately two‐thirds of our visitors arrive by ground transportation and certain of our other properties and cause cancellations of live horse racing. in particular, since january 1, 2017, the reno-tahoe area has experienced exceptionally high levels of snowfall in the first quarter of 2017, with certain resorts in the tahoe area reporting over 50 feet of snowfall during such time, which has adversely affected visitation to our reno properties and may adversely affect our results of operations for the first quarter. as a result, unfavorable seasonal conditions could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
because we will be heavily dependent upon hotel/casino and related operations that are conducted in certain limited regions, we will be subject to greater risks than a company that is geographically or otherwise more diversified our business is heavily dependent upon hotel/casino and related operations that are conducted in three discrete markets. as a result, we are still subject to a greater degree of risk than a gaming company that has greater geographical diversity. the risks to which we have a greater degree of exposure include the following:
•   local economic and competitive conditions;

•   inaccessibility due to weather conditions, road construction or closure of primary access routes;

•   changes in local and state governmental laws and regulations, including gaming laws and regulations;

•   natural and other disasters, including earthquakes and flooding;

•   a decline in the number of residents in or near, or visitors to, our operations; and

•   a decrease in gaming activities at any of our facilities.

any of the factors outlined above could adversely affect our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to make payments on our outstanding indebtedness.
significant negative industry or economic trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth in our business may cause us to incur impairments to indefinite-lived intangible assets or long‐lived assets we test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or if a triggering event occurs. we will also be required to consider whether the fair values of any of our investments accounted for under the equity method have declined below their carrying value whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that recorded values may not be recoverable. estimated fair value is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis based on estimated future results of the investee and market indicators of the terminal year capitalization rate. if any such declines are considered to be other than temporary, we will be required to record a write‐down to estimated fair value.
19
the concentration and evolution of the slot machine manufacturing industry could impose additional costs on us there are a limited number of slot machine manufacturers servicing the gaming industry and a large majority of our revenues are derived from slot machines at our casinos. it is important, for competitive reasons, that we offer the most popular and up-to-date slot machine games with the latest technology to customers.
in recent years, slot machine manufacturers have frequently refused to sell slot machines featuring the most popular games, instead requiring participating lease arrangements. generally, a participating lease is substantially more expensive over the long-term than the cost to purchase a new slot machine.
for competitive reasons, we may be forced to purchase new slot machines, slot machine systems, or enter into participating lease arrangements that are more expensive than our current costs associated with the continued operation of its existing slot machines. if the newer slot machines do not result in sufficient incremental revenues to offset the increased investment and participating lease costs, it could adversely affect profitability.
we materially rely on a variety of hardware and software products to maximize revenue and efficiency in our operations. technology in the gaming industry is developing rapidly, and we may need to invest substantial amounts to acquire the most current gaming and hotel technology and equipment in order to remain competitive in the markets in which we operate. ensuring the successful implementation and maintenance of any new technology acquired is an additional risk.
we may experience construction delays or cost overruns during its expansion or development projects that could adversely affect our operations from time to time, we may commence construction projects on new properties or at our current properties. we also evaluate other expansion opportunities as they become available and may in the future engage in additional construction projects. the anticipated costs and construction periods for construction projects are based upon budgets, conceptual design documents and construction schedule estimates prepared by us in consultation with its architects. construction projects entail significant risks, which can substantially increase costs or delay completion of a project. such risks include shortages of materials or skilled labor, unforeseen engineering, environmental or geological problems, work stoppages, weather interference and unanticipated cost increases. most of these factors are beyond our control. in addition, difficulties or delays in obtaining any of the requisite licenses, permits or authorizations from regulatory authorities can increase the cost or delay the completion of an expansion or development. significant budget overruns or delays with respect to expansion and development projects could adversely affect our results of operations.
risk factors relating to the isle of capri acquisition the merger agreement subjects the company to restrictions on its business activities during the pendency of the mergers.
the merger agreement subjects the company to restrictions on its business activities and obligates the company to generally operate its businesses in the ordinary course in all material respects during the pendency of the mergers. these restrictions could prevent the company from pursuing attractive business opportunities that arise prior to the completion of the mergers and are outside the ordinary course of business, and could otherwise have an adverse effect on eri's and isle's results of operations, cash flows and financial position.
delay or failure to complete the mergers would prevent the company from realizing the anticipated benefits of the mergers and each company would also remain liable for significant transaction costs, including legal, accounting and financial advisory fees.
any delay in completing the mergers may reduce the synergies and other benefits anticipated by the company if it successfully completes the mergers within the expected timeframe and integrates the businesses of the company and isle. in addition, the market price of each company's common stock may reflect various market assumptions as to whether and when the mergers will be completed. consequently, the completion of, the failure to complete, or any delay in the completion of the mergers could result in significant changes in the market price of the company's common stock. in addition, the company has incurred and will continue to incur significant costs relating to the mergers, such as legal, accounting, financial advisor and printing fees that will be required to be paid whether or not the mergers are consummated. further, the company may be required to pay a termination fee depending on the circumstances surrounding the termination.
20
whether or not the mergers are completed, the pendency of the transaction could cause disruptions in the businesses of the company, which could have an adverse effect on its businesses and financial results.
these disruptions could include the following:
•   current and prospective employees of the company may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company or consider other employment alternatives, which might adversely affect the company's ability to retain or attract key managers and other employees;

•   current and prospective customers of the company may anticipate changes in how they are served or the benefits offered by the company's loyalty reward program and may, as a result, choose to discontinue their patronage of the company; and

•   the attention of management of the company may be diverted from the operation of its business.

obtaining required approvals and satisfying closing conditions may delay or prevent completion of the mergers and may significantly reduce the benefits anticipated to be realized from the mergers or could adversely affect the market price of the company or its future business and financial results.
completion of the mergers is subject to various closing conditions, including (a) isle's stockholders adopting the merger agreement, (b) eri's stockholders approving the issuance of eri shares as consideration in the mergers, (c) the approval or expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the hsr act, (d) obtaining certain gaming approvals to the standards set forth in the merger agreement and (e) each of isle and eri's receipt of a tax opinion to the effect that the mergers will be treated as a "reorganization" within the meaning of section 368(a) of the code. if such conditions are not satisfied, the mergers will not be consummated unless such conditions are validly waived. such conditions may jeopardize or delay completion of the mergers or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the mergers. further, no assurance can be given that the required consents and approvals will be obtained or that the required conditions to closing will be satisfied. even if all such consents and approvals are obtained, no assurance can be given as to the terms, conditions and timing of the consents and approvals or that they will satisfy the terms of the merger agreement. on october 21, 2016, the waiting period under the hsr act was terminated early by the federal trade commission. the company and isle of capri received approval adopting the merger agreement of each of their respective stockholders on january 25, 2017 at separate special meetings of stockholders.
the mergers are subject to the receipt of approvals, consents or clearances that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on eri or, if not obtained, could prevent completion of the transactions.
completion of the mergers is conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental approvals, including, without limitation, antitrust and gaming regulatory approvals. although each party has agreed to use its respective reasonable best efforts to obtain the requisite governmental approvals, there can be no assurance that these approvals will be obtained and that the other conditions to completing the mergers will be satisfied. in addition, the governmental authorities from which the regulatory approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of the mergers or require changes to the terms of the merger agreement or other agreements to be entered into in connection with the merger agreement. such conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying or impeding consummation of the mergers or of imposing additional costs or limitations on eri or isle following completion of the mergers, any of which might have an adverse effect on eri or isle.
gaming regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or cannot be met.
eri and isle must obtain approval of the mergers, which approvals must be duly obtained without the imposition of material restrictions or conditions and be in full force and effect, from a variety of gaming regulatory authorities. these approvals may not be received at all, may not be received in a timely fashion, and/or may contain conditions on the completion of the mergers. in addition, these regulatory bodies may impose conditions on the granting of such approvals. such conditions and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying completion of the mergers or of imposing additional costs or limitations on eri following the mergers.
21
if the financing contemplated by the commitment letter is not available, or alternative financing cannot be secured, the mergers may not be completed and eri may be required to pay a termination fee to isle.
eri intends to finance the cash required in connection with the mergers, including expenses in connection with the mergers, with debt financing in accordance with the terms of the commitment letter. the commitment letter provides for (a) a senior secured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.75 billion comprised of (i) a term loan facility of up to $1.45 billion and (ii) a revolving credit facility of $300.0 million and (b) an amount equal to at least $375.0 million in gross proceeds from the issuance and sale by eri of senior unsecured notes or, if the notes are not issued and sold on or prior to the date of the consummation of the mergers, an amount equal to at least $375.0 million in senior unsecured bridge loans under a senior unsecured credit facility. in the event some or all of the financing contemplated by the commitment letter is not available, eri is obligated to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain alternative financing from alternative institutions in an amount sufficient to enable eri to consummate the mergers, refinance the outstanding indebtedness of isle described in the prior paragraph and pay all fees and expenses of isle in connection with the mergers and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. if financing cannot be obtained, the mergers may not be completed. if eri is unable to obtain funding from its financing sources for the cash required in connection with the mergers, and isle is otherwise ready, willing and able to close the mergers, eri may be liable to isle for a financing failure fee of $60.0 million or may be compelled to specifically perform its obligations to consummate the transaction.
litigation challenging the mergers could delay or prevent the completion of the mergers.
one of the conditions to the mergers is that no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction, or other judgment, order or decree issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the mergers will be in effect; nor will there be any law, statute, ordinance, rule, regulation, order, policy, guideline or agency requirement enacted, entered, promulgated, enforced or deemed applicable by any governmental entity that prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the mergers. in connection with the mergers, two class action lawsuits were filed by purported eri stockholders alleging breach of fiduciary duty by the eri board of directors in connection with the mergers, one of which was dismissed. the pending lawsuit alleges, among other things, breach of fiduciary duty in failing to disclose all material information to eri stockholders in seeking approval of the issuance of eri shares in the mergers and requests injunctive relief and an award of costs incurred by the plaintiffs in the actions.   there can be no assurance that additional claims will not be filed by stockholders of eri or isle seeking damages relating to, or otherwise challenging, the mergers. if the plaintiffs in any such action secure injunctive or other relief prohibiting, delaying or otherwise adversely affecting eri's and isle's ability to consummate the mergers, then such injunctive or other relief may prevent the mergers from becoming effective within the expected time frame or at all. if consummation of the mergers is prevented or delayed, it could result in substantial costs to eri and isle. in addition, eri and isle could incur significant costs in connection with such lawsuits, including costs associated with the indemnification of eri and isle's directors and officers.
the integration of eri and isle following the mergers may present significant challenges and impair eri's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the mergers in the anticipated time frame or at all.
eri's ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the mergers will depend, to a large extent, on eri's ability to integrate isle's business into eri in the anticipated time frame or at all. eri may face significant challenges in combining isle's operations into its operations in a timely and efficient manner. the combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. as a result, eri will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of isle into those of eri. the integration process may disrupt the business and, if implemented ineffectively or inefficiently, would preclude realization of the full benefits expected by eri and isle. the failure to successfully integrate isle into eri and to manage the challenges presented by the integration process successfully may result in an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the business of eri or isle, which may have the effect of depressing the market price of eri common stock following the effective time (as defined in the merger agreement).
eri may be unable to realize anticipated cost synergies or may incur additional costs.
eri expects to realize cost synergies from combining the sales and general and administrative functions of isle and eri. however, eri will be required to incur costs, including severance and related expenses, to realize the anticipated cost savings. while eri's management believes the combined entity will benefit from cost synergies, eri may be unable to realize all of these cost synergies within the time frame expected or at all. in addition, eri may incur additional or unexpected costs in order to realize these cost synergies.
22
the mergers may not be accretive and may cause dilution to the combined company's earnings per share, which may negatively affect the price of the common stock of the combined company following completion of the mergers.
eri currently anticipates that the mergers will be accretive to the earnings per share of the combined company in 2017. this expectation is based on preliminary estimates and assumes certain synergies expected to be realized by the combined company over a 12-month period following the completion of the mergers and the previously announced dispositions of isle of capri casino hotel lake charles and lady luck casino marquette. such estimates and assumptions could materially change due to additional transaction-related costs, delays in regulatory approvals, the failure to realize any or all of the benefits expected in the mergers or other factors beyond the control of eri. all of these factors could delay, decrease or eliminate the expected accretive effect of the mergers and cause resulting dilution to the combined company's earnings per share or to the price of the common stock of the combined company.
unanticipated costs relating to the mergers could reduce eri's future earnings per share.
we believe that we have reasonably estimated the likely incremental costs of the combined operations of eri and isle following the mergers. however, it is possible that unexpected transaction costs such as taxes, fees or professional expenses or unexpected future operating expenses such as unanticipated costs to integrate the two businesses, increased personnel costs or increased taxes, as well as other types of unanticipated adverse developments, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of eri following the mergers. in addition, if actual costs are materially different than expected costs, the mergers could have a significant dilutive effect on eri's earnings per share.
eri will have a substantial amount of debt outstanding following the mergers.
eri expects that it will have approximately $2.2 billion of debt outstanding following the completion of the mergers and related transactions. in addition, eri expects that it will have the ability to incur additional debt under its $300.0 million revolving credit facility and may be required to incur additional indebtedness to finance the cash portion of the merger consideration if the sale of isle of capri casino hotel lake charles and/or the sale of lady luck casino marquette is not consummated prior to the closing of the mergers. as a result of the increased levels of outstanding indebtedness following the mergers, future interest expense and debt service obligations will be significantly higher than historic interest expense and the risks associated with its outstanding indebtedness will be intensified. delay or failure to consummate the sale of the isle of capri casino hotel lake charles or the lady luck casino marquette may require eri to incur additional debt to repay outstanding indebtedness of isle or otherwise adversely impact the financial condition of the combined company.
on august 22, 2016, isle entered into an agreement to sell isle of capri casino hotel lake charles for aggregate consideration of $134.5 million, subject to certain adjustments. on october 13, 2016, isle entered into an agreement to sell lady luck casino marquette for cash consideration of approximately $40.0 million, subject to certain adjustments. the consummation of each transaction is subject to satisfaction of customary conditions, including receipt of regulatory approval, the accuracy of the representations and warranties, compliance with covenants, delivery of certain closing deliverables and the absence of any governmental order or action seeking to prohibit the consummation of the transaction. although isle expects the sale of isle of capri casino hotel lake charles to be consummated in isle's early fiscal 2018, there can be no assurance as to the timing of the closing of either sale or that the closings will occur on the terms set forth in the purchase agreements relating to the sales, or at all. in the event that the closing of either sale is delayed or does not occur, eri may be required to incur additional indebtedness to repay debt outstanding under isle's credit agreement or outstanding notes, which could adversely impact the financial condition of the combined company.
23
risks related to eri's capital structure and equity ownership we have significant indebtedness as of december 31, 2016, we and our restricted subsidiaries had $822.6 million of total indebtedness outstanding consisting of $375.0 million in aggregate principal amount of outstanding 7.0% senior notes due 2023 ("senior notes"), our $425.0 million term loan (the "term loan") and amounts outstanding under our $150.0 million revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility" and, together with the term loan, the "credit facility"). we expect to incur approximately $1.8 billion of additional debt in order to complete the mergers and related transactions. in addition, as of december 31, 2016 we had the ability to incur approximately $121.0 million of additional debt under our revolving credit facility and we expect that we will have the ability to incur additional debt under the $300.0 million revolving credit facility that we expect to enter into in connection with the mergers.  further, we may be required to incur additional indebtedness to finance the cash portion of the merger consideration if the sale of isle of capri casino hotel lake charles and/or the sale of lady luck casino marquette is not consummated prior to the closing of the mergers. this indebtedness may have important negative consequences for us, including:
•   limiting our ability to satisfy our obligations;

•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the markets in which we operate;

•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt;

•   increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our ability to react to, changing market conditions, changes in our industry and economic downturns;

•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt service, general corporate or other obligations;

•   subjecting us to a number of restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to pay dividends and distributions, make acquisitions and dispositions, borrow additional funds, and make capital expenditures and other investments;

•   restricting our and our wholly-owned subsidiaries ability to make dividend payments and other payments;

•   limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of its business because we must dedicate a significant portion of these funds to make principal and/or interest payments on our outstanding debt;

•   exposing us to interest rate risk due to the variable interest rate on borrowings under our credit facility;

•   causing our failure to comply with the financial and restrictive covenants contained in our current or future indebtedness, which could cause a default under such indebtedness and which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on us; and

•   affecting our ability to renew gaming and other licenses necessary to conduct our business.

we and our subsidiaries expect to incur substantial additional indebtedness in connection with the isle acquisition and may incur significant indebtedness in addition to the debt that we expect to incur in connection with the isle acquisition. incurring more indebtedness could increase the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. as of december 31, 2016, we had $121.0 million of borrowing availability under our credit facility and we had commitments for $1.75 billion of additional indebtedness that we expect to incur in connection with the isle acquisition.  our existing debt agreements currently permit, and we expect that agreements governing debt that we incur in the future will permit, us to incur certain other additional secured and unsecured debt. further, we may incur other liabilities that do not constitute indebtedness. the risks that we face based on our outstanding indebtedness may intensify if we incur additional indebtedness in the future, including as a result of the consummation of the isle acquisition.
24
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. additionally, the agreements governing our existing debt limit, and the agreements governing debt that we incur in the future, including debt incurred in connection with the isle acquisition, are expected to limit, the use of the proceeds from any disposition; as a result, we may not be allowed, under these documents, to use proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy all current debt service obligations.
the agreements governing our debt impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities the agreements governing our existing debt impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and we expect that agreements governing debt that we incur in the future, including debt incurred in connection with the isle acquisition, are expected to impose similar restrictions. these restrictions limit our ability, among other things, to:
•   incur additional debt;

•   create liens or other encumbrances;

•   pay dividends or make other restricted payments;

•   agree to payment restrictions affecting our restricted subsidiaries;

•   prepay subordinated indebtedness;

•   make investments, loans or other guarantees;

•   sell or otherwise dispose of a portion of our assets; or

•   make acquisitions or merge or consolidate with another entity.

in addition, the credit agreement governing the credit facility contains certain financial covenants, including minimum interest coverage ratio and maximum total leverage ratio covenants, and we expect that the credit agreement that we enter into in connection with the isle acquisition will contain similar financial covenants.
as a result of these covenants and restrictions, we are limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the restrictions caused by such covenants could also place us at a competitive disadvantage to less leveraged competitors.
a failure to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the indebtedness and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if our indebtedness were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. moreover, in the event that such indebtedness is accelerated, there can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance it on acceptable terms, or at all.
25
we are a holding company and will depend on our subsidiaries for dividends, distributions and repayment of our indebtedness we are structured as a holding company, a legal entity separate and distinct from its subsidiaries. our only significant asset is the capital stock or other equity interests of our operating subsidiaries. as a holding company, we conduct all of our business through our subsidiaries. consequently, our principal source of cash flow will be dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries. if our subsidiaries are unable to make dividend payments or distributions to us and sufficient cash or liquidity is not otherwise available, we may not be able to pay interest or principal on our indebtedness.
the market price of eri's common stock could fluctuate significantly the u.s. securities markets in general have experienced significant price fluctuations in recent years. the market price of eri's common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. in addition, the trading volume of eri's common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. some of the factors that could cause fluctuations in, or have a material adverse effect on, the stock price or trading volume of eri's common stock include:
•   general market and economic conditions, including market conditions in the hotel and casino industries;

•   actual or expected variations in operating results;

•   differences between actual operating results and those expected by investors and analysts;

•   changes in recommendations by securities analysts;

•   operations and stock performance of competitors;

•   accounting charges, including charges relating to the impairment of goodwill;

•   significant acquisitions or strategic alliances by eri or by competitors;

•   sales of eri's common stock or other securities in the future, including sales by our directors and officers or significant investors;

•   recruitment or departure of key personnel;

•   conditions and trends in the gaming and entertainment industries;

•   changes in the estimate of the future size and growth of our markets; and

•   changes in reserves for professional liability claims.

we cannot assure you that the stock price of eri common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. in addition, the stock market in general can experience considerable price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated to eri's performance. if the market price of eri common stock fluctuates significantly, eri may become the subject of securities class action litigation which may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources.
eri has not historically paid dividends a and may not pay dividends in the future eri does not currently expect to pay dividends on its common stock. any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of the eri board of directors and will depend upon among other factors, eri's earnings, cash requirements, financial condition, requirements to comply with the covenants under its debt instruments, legal considerations, and other factors that the eri board of directors deems relevant. in addition, the agreements governing eri's indebtedness restrict its ability to pay dividends. if eri does not pay dividends, then the return on an investment in its common stock will depend entirely upon any future appreciation in its stock price. there is no guarantee that eri's common stock will appreciate in value or maintain its value.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
you should read the following discussion together with the financial statements, including the related notes and the other financial information, contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
general eldorado resorts, inc. ("eri" or the "company"), a nevada corporation, was formed in september 2013 to be the parent company following the merger of wholly-owned subsidiaries of the company into eldorado holdco llc ("holdco"), a nevada limited liability company formed in 2009 that is the parent company of eldorado resorts llc ("resorts"), and mtr gaming group, inc. ("mtr gaming"), a delaware corporation incorporated in 1988 (the "mtr merger"). effective upon the consummation of the merger on september 19, 2014 (the "mtr merger date"), mtr gaming and holdco each became a wholly-owned subsidiary of eri and, as a result of such transactions, resorts became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of eri.
resorts owns and operates the eldorado resort casino reno, a premier hotel, casino and entertainment facility centrally located in downtown reno, nevada ("eldorado reno"), which opened for business in 1973. resorts also owns eldorado resort casino shreveport ("eldorado shreveport"), a 403‐room all suite art deco‐style hotel and a tri‐level riverboat dockside casino complex situated on the red river in shreveport, louisiana, which commenced operations under its previous owners in december 2000.
prior to november 24, 2015 (the "reno acquisition date"), resorts owned a 48.1% interest in the joint venture (the "silver legacy joint venture") which owns the silver legacy resort casino ("silver legacy"), a major themed hotel and casino situated between and seamlessly connected at the mezzanine level to the eldorado reno and circus reno, (collectively, the "reno tri-properties"), a hotel and casino previously owned and operated by galleon, inc., an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of mgm resorts international.
on the reno acquisition date, resorts consummated the acquisition of all of the assets and properties of circus circus reno ("circus reno") and the 50% membership interest in the silver legacy joint venture owned by galleon, inc. (collectively, the "circus reno/silver legacy purchase" or the "reno acquisition") pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement, dated as of july 7, 2015 (the "purchase agreement"), entered into by certain of our subsidiaries with circus circus casinos, inc. and galleon, inc., each an affiliate of mgm resorts international, with respect to the acquisition. on the reno acquisition date, resorts also exercised its right to acquire the 3.8% interest in eldorado limited liability company ("ellc") held by certain affiliates and stockholders of the company. as a result of these transactions, ellc and cc-reno, llc, a newly formed nevada limited liability company, became wholly-owned subsidiaries of eri, and silver legacy became an indirect wholly‐owned subsidiary of eri.
resorts previously owned a 21.3% interest in tamarack crossing, llc ("tamarack"), a nevada limited liability company that owned and operated tamarack junction, a casino in south reno which commenced operations on september 4, 2001. on september 1, 2014, and as a condition to closing the mtr merger, resorts distributed to holdco, and holdco subsequently distributed to its members on a pro rata basis resorts' interest in tamarack. no gain or loss was recognized in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as a result of such distribution because the distribution was in the amount of the book value of tamarack and totaled $5.5 million.
mtr gaming operates as a hospitality and gaming company with racetrack, gaming and hotel properties in west virginia, pennsylvania and ohio. mtr gaming, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, owns and operates mountaineer casino, racetrack & resort in chester, west virginia ("mountaineer"), presque isle downs & casino in erie, pennsylvania ("presque isle downs"), and eldorado gaming scioto downs ("scioto downs") in columbus, ohio. scioto downs, through its subsidiary, racelinebet, inc., also operates racelinebet.com, a national account wagering service that offers online and telephone wagering on horse races as a marketing affiliate of twinspires.com, an affiliate of churchill downs, inc.
presentation of financial information eri and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as "we," "us," "our" or the "company." the financial information included in this item 7 for periods prior to the reno acquisition date are those of the company and its subsidiaries including eldorado reno, eldorado shreveport, mtr gaming and its interest in the silver legacy joint venture.
32
the mtr merger closed on the mtr merger date and has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition of mtr gaming by holdco under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("us gaap"). as a result, holdco is considered the acquirer of mtr gaming for accounting purposes. the financial information included in this item 7 for periods prior to the mtr merger date are those of holdco and its subsidiaries. the presentation of information herein for periods prior to the mtr merger date and the reno acquisition date and after the mtr merger date and reno acquisition date, respectively, are not fully comparable because the results of operations for mtr gaming and circus reno are not included for periods prior to the mtr merger date or reno acquisition date, respectively, and the results of operations of the silver legacy joint venture were not consolidated prior to the reno acquisition date. summary financial results of mtr gaming for the year ended december 31, 2014 is included in mtr gaming's annual report on form 10‐k as filed with the securities and exchange commission ("sec").
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to provide information to assist in better understanding and evaluating our financial condition and results of operations. our historical operating results may not be indicative of our future results of operations because of these factors and the changing competitive landscape in each of our markets, as well as by factors discussed elsewhere herein. we recommend that you read this md&a in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements included in this annual report.
reportable segments the company has aggregated its operating segments into three reportable segments: eldorado reno, silver legacy and circus reno as nevada, eldorado shreveport as louisiana, and scioto downs, presque isle downs and mountaineer as eastern.
key performance metrics our primary source of revenue is generated by our gaming operations, but we use our hotels, restaurants, bars, entertainment, retail shops, racing and other services to attract customers to our properties. our operating results are highly dependent on the volume of customers visiting and staying at our properties. key performance metrics include volume indicators such as table games drop and slot handle, which refer to amounts wagered by our customers. the amount of volume we retain, which is not fully controllable by us, is recognized as casino revenues and is referred to as our win or hold. in addition, hotel occupancy and price per room designated by average daily rate ("adr") are key indicators for our hotel business. our calculation of adr consists of the average price of occupied rooms per day including the impact of resort fees and complimentary rooms. complimentary room rates are determined based on an analysis of retail or cash rates for each customer segment and each type of room product to estimate complimentary rates which are consistent with retail rates. complimentary rates are reviewed at least annually and on an interim basis if there are significant changes in market conditions. complimentary rooms are treated as occupied rooms in our calculation of hotel occupancy.
significant factors impacting financial results the following summary highlights the significant factors impacting our financial results during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
•   isle of capri acquisition - on september 19, 2016, the company and isle of capri casinos, inc., a delaware corporation ("isle" or "isle of capri") entered into an agreement and plan of merger (the "merger agreement"), whereby the company will acquire all of the outstanding shares of isle of capri for $23.00 in cash or 1.638 shares of company common stock, at the election of each isle stockholder (the "isle acquisition"). elections are subject to proration and reallocation such that the outstanding shares of isle common stock will be exchanged for aggregated consideration comprised of 58% cash and 42% eldorado common stock. the consummation of the merger is subject to receipt of approval of applicable gaming authorities and other customary closing conditions, and is expected to be consummated in the second quarter of 2017. the waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino act ("hsr act") terminated on october 21, 2016. the company and isle received approval from each of their respective stockholders at separate special meetings on january 25, 2017. eldorado has received committed financing for the transaction totaling $2.1 billion. acquisition charges totaling $8.5 million, attributed to the isle acquisition, are reported on the accompanying statement of operations related to legal, accounting, financial advisory services and other costs during the year ended december 31, 2016.

33
upon completion of the isle acquisition, the company will add 12 additional properties to its portfolio after giving effect to the planned dispositions of isle of capri casino hotel lake charles and lady luck casino marquette. on august 22, 2016, isle entered into an agreement to sell isle of capri casino hotel lake charles for aggregate consideration of $134.5 million, subject to certain adjustments. on october 13, 2016, isle entered into an agreement to sell lady luck casino marquette for cash consideration of approximately $40.0 million, subject to certain adjustments.
•   circus reno/silver legacy purchase - pursuant to the purchase agreement in november 2015, eri paid $80.2 million in cash, comprised of the $72.5 million purchase price plus $7.7 million in estimated working capital adjustments and the assumption of the amounts outstanding under silver legacy's senior secured term loan facility. an additional $0.5 million was paid subsequent to the reno acquisition date representing the final working capital adjustment. eri funded the purchase price for the reno acquisition and repaid the borrowings outstanding under the silver legacy credit facility using a portion of the proceeds from the sale of its senior notes, borrowings under its revolving credit facility and cash on hand. information presented prior to the reno acquisition date does not reflect the results of operations for circus reno, and only includes our interest in the silver legacy joint venture prior to the reno acquisition as an investment in an unconsolidated affiliate. as a result, incremental increases in revenues and expenses attributable to the addition of circus reno and silver legacy are reflected in our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015. in conjunction with the reno acquisition, we recorded a $35.6 million gain related to the valuation of our pre-acquisition investment in the silver legacy joint venture and incurred acquisition costs totaling $2.5 million in 2015. we incurred an additional $0.6 million in acquisition charges in 2016. in 2015, we also expensed fees totaling $0.6 million, which are included in corporate costs, related to our equity offering initially intended to fund the reno acquisition. these fees were expensed as a result of our election to fund the final component of the reno acquisition with existing revolver capacity in lieu of an equity offering.

•   mtr gaming merger - the mtr merger has been accounted for as a reverse acquisition of mtr gaming by holdco under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 reflect incremental increases in revenues and expenses attributable to the addition of the mtr gaming properties. additionally, we incurred acquisition costs associated with the mtr merger totaling $0.1 million and $7.4 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively.

•   execution of cost savings program - starting in the second quarter of 2015, we identified several areas to improve property level and consolidated margins through operating and cost efficiencies and exercising financial discipline throughout the company without impacting the player experience. in addition to cost savings relating to duplicative executive compensation, legal and accounting fees and other corporate expenses that have been eliminated as a result of the mtr merger, we have achieved savings in marketing, food and beverage costs, selling, general and administrative expenses, and other operating departments as a result of operating efficiencies and purchasing power of the combined organization. after a full year of the cost savings program, we exceeded our target of $10.0 million on an annual basis with savings of over $12.5 million. in addition to generating incremental revenues, we have realized, and expect additional savings in 2017 resulting from cost synergies across the reno tri-properties as a result of the reno acquisition.

•   refinancing and reduction in interest expense - in july 2015, we successfully refinanced all of our indebtedness, including the debt we assumed in the mtr merger in 2014. we issued $375.0 million in senior notes and entered into a new $425.0 million term loan and a new $150.0 million revolving credit facility, with the net proceeds utilized to, among other things, purchase our resorts senior secured notes and mtr second lien notes. the refinancing reduced our annualized cash interest payments by approximately $35.0 million. moreover, as a result of significant reductions in our outstanding indebtedness totaling $68.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2016, we realized additional savings in interest expense. see "liquidity and capital resources" for more information related to our 2015 refinancing.

•   income taxes - in 2015, the company recorded a $69.6 million net benefit for income taxes resulting from an adjustment to its valuation allowance. this adjustment was based on management's consideration of all evidence, including the positive impacts of both the company's refinancing and the reno acquisition in 2015, related to the realization of its federal deferred tax assets. (see "income taxes" below).

34
•   west virginia smoking ban - on august 26, 2014, the board of health of hancock county, west virginia adopted and approved the clean air regulation act of 2014 ("regulation"), which became effective july 1, 2015. the regulation bans smoking in public places in hancock county including mountaineer. to comply with the regulation upon its effective date, mountaineer built a 9,300 square foot smoking pavilion which opened on july 1, 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we added 61 slot machines bringing our total to 322 slot machines and four table games located in the smoking patio. notwithstanding our efforts to mitigate the impact of the smoking ban, the regulation had a negative impact on our business and results of operations at mountaineer.

•   property enhancement capital expenditures - during the fourth quarter of 2015, we began to realize the benefits of our property enhancement initiatives which targeted product and service offering upgrades across our entire portfolio. the completion of these initiatives by year-end 2015 helped drive increased volume to our properties and continues to be well-received by our customers. most notably, the opening of the brew brothers, a restaurant and microbrewery at scioto downs, provided a meaningful increase in traffic and video lottery terminals (vlt) revenues subsequent to its opening in october 2015. additionally, we completed a $5.0 million five-phase design and facility enhancement program at presque isle downs that added a new casino center bar, an improved high limit gaming area and new slot product. in 2015, over 200 rooms were remodeled at eldorado reno and we completely refurbished the exterior of the eldorado shreveport.

we continued our property enhancement initiatives throughout 2016. at presque isle downs, we opened a the brew brothers in may and an escalator in july to improve traffic flow to the restaurant. in june, we opened a second smoking patio at scioto downs which features a casino bar and 119 new vlts. construction of the 118-room hampton inn hotel at scioto downs was completed and is planned to open in march 2017. in shreveport, we completed the remodeling of the second floor of the casino in the fourth quarter of 2016 including the addition of approximately 20 new slot machines. we continue to evaluate the offerings at mountaineer with a goal of maintaining a positive customer experience while right-sizing the property to maximize free cash flow and operational efficiencies.
in september 2016, the company announced that it plans to invest more than $50.0 million in facility enhancements to eldorado reno, silver legacy and circus reno. eldorado's master plan for the three connected properties, which span eight city blocks in downtown reno, will be phased over three years, and commenced in the fourth quarter of 2016. in addition to the renovation of our guest rooms across the tri-properties, each of the three resorts will introduce new restaurant concepts, reinvigorated nightlife and resort amenities, including a new full service luxury spa. the $50.0 million investment will allow the further integration of the guest experience among the reno tri-properties to deliver an enhanced and seamless resort environment. in september 2016, silver legacy opened a new $2.0 million 8,500 square foot sports book. also, in the fourth quarter of 2016, we completed the renovation of the carnival midway, and opened el jefe's cantina mexican restaurant and bar at circus reno. we also opened hidden pizza, a new york style pizza restaurant, at eldorado reno.
beginning in 2017 enhancements continued at the tri-properties including the renovation of approximately 750 guest rooms; a full redesign of the legacy buffet at circus reno to transform it into a modern food court with three distinct offerings; the development of a new waffle house at the former circus steak house; the addition of an arcade and redemption area to replace the circus americana café; and the construction of a canter's deli and new poker room at silver legacy.  these facility upgrades as well as our plans for a new world-class luxury spa at eldorado reno and ultimately new public spaces and room renovations across the complex, are designed to significantly elevate the reno tri-property guest experience.
•   new regulation - effective january 1, 2016, the ohio lottery commission enacted new regulation which resulted in the establishment of a $1.0 million progressive slot liability and a corresponding decrease in net slot win for the year ended december 31, 2016. the changes are non-cash and related to jackpots established in prior years. the net non-cash impact to scioto down's gaming revenues and operating income was $1.0 million and $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, respectively.

•   competition - our results of operations over the past three years have been impacted by the expansion of native american gaming operations and regional gaming in our markets. in order to sustain our market share in the increased competitive environment, we continuously reevaluate our advertising strategies and promotional offers to our guests to ensure our reinvestment levels reflect the appropriate level of offerings to improve our margins.

35
results of operations the following table highlights the results of our operations (dollars in thousands):
year ended

december 31,                                                                                                 change %
2016                     2015                     2014                         2016 vs 2015                  2015 vs 2014
net revenues                                $       892,896          $       719,784          $       361,823                  24.1       %                  98.9   %
operating income                                     89,118                   72,516                   17,555                  22.9       %                 313.1   %
net income (loss) attributable to eri                24,802                  114,183                  (14,425   )             (78.3   )   %                 891.6   %
operating results.  net revenues increased 24.1% and 98.9% in 2016 and 2015, respectively, over the same prior year periods primarily due to incremental revenues attributable to the aforementioned reno acquisition and mtr merger. these increases in net revenues were partially offset by decreases in net revenues in the louisiana and eastern segments, which was mainly driven by declines at mountaineer, in 2016 compared to 2015 mainly due to lower casino revenues.
operating income increased 22.9% and 313.1% in 2016 and 2015, respectively, compared to the same prior year periods due to higher net revenues combined with improved operating margins associated with company-wide cost savings initiatives and property enhancement capital expenditures. these increases in operating income were partially offset by incremental depreciation expense resulting from the aforementioned reno acquisition and mtr merger along with higher acquisition costs associated with the isle acquisition.
net income decreased 78.3% in 2016 compared to 2015 despite the increase in operating income. this decline was primarily driven by the $35.6 million gain related to the valuation of the silver legacy joint venture in conjunction with the reno acquisition combined with the aforementioned $69.6 million benefit for income taxes recorded in 2015. additionally, net income in 2016 was impacted by acquisition charges totaling $9.2 million, primarily related to the isle acquisition, a $0.8 million loss on the sale and disposal of a building and equipment related to the closure of a detached fitness center facility at mountaineer and incremental depreciation associated with assets purchased in the reno acquisition. these declines in net income were partially offset by a $10.6 million decrease in interest expense in 2016 resulting from our refinancing in july 2015 and significant debt reductions throughout 2016.
net income increased 891.6% in 2015 compared to 2014 as a result of the same factors impacting operating income, the $35.6 million gain related to the valuation of the silver legacy joint venture in conjunction with the reno acquisition, the aforementioned $69.6 million benefit for income taxes, and the decrease in acquisition costs recorded in 2015. these increases in net income were partially offset by a full year of interest expense in 2015 due to the timing of the mtr merger and assumption of additional debt in 2014.
net revenues and operating income the following table highlights our net revenues and operating income (loss) by reportable segment (dollars in thousands):
net revenues for the year ended december 31,                                                operating income (loss) for the year ended december 31,

2016                            2015                              2014                        2016                               2015                                  2014
nevada          $           321,922               $           127,802               $           103,695       $              41,620                 $              13,989                 $             (1,191   )
louisiana                   131,496                           136,342                           133,960                      23,378                                21,423                               13,405
eastern                     439,478                           455,640                           124,168                      53,610                                56,491                               11,086
corporate                         -                                 -                                 -                     (29,490   )                           (19,387   )                           (5,745   )
total           $           892,896               $           719,784               $           361,823       $              89,118                 $              72,516                 $             17,555
36
year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015
net revenues and operating expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands):
year ended

december 31,
2016                      2015                      variance                   percent revenues:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
nevada                                         $       173,439           $        74,626       $          98,813            132.4       %
louisiana                                              121,046                   125,371                  (4,325   )         (3.4   )   %
eastern                                                407,128                   423,261                 (16,133   )         (3.8   )   %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions               701,613                   623,258                  78,355             12.6       %
non-gaming:
nevada                                                 193,529                    72,214                 121,315            168.0       %
louisiana                                               37,937                    37,273            664                       1.8       %
eastern                                                 50,117                    51,796                  (1,679   )         (3.2   )   %
total non-gaming                                       281,583                   161,283                 120,300             74.6       %
total gross revenues                                   983,196                   784,541                 198,655             25.3       %
promotional allowances:
nevada                                                 (45,046   )               (19,038   )             (26,008   )        136.6       %
louisiana                                              (27,487   )               (26,302   )              (1,185   )          4.5       %
eastern                                                (17,767   )               (19,417   )               1,650             (8.5   )   %
total promotional allowances                           (90,300   )               (64,757   )             (25,543   )         39.4       %
total net revenues                                     892,896                   719,784                 173,112             24.1       %
expenses:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
nevada                                                  79,019                    32,908                  46,111            140.1       %
louisiana                                               66,459                    69,826                  (3,367   )         (4.8   )   %
eastern                                                254,634                   264,811                 (10,177   )         (3.8   )   %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions               400,112                   367,545                  32,567              8.9       %
non-gaming nevada                                                 102,063                    41,798                  60,265            144.2       %
louisiana                                                7,333                     8,134                    (801   )         (9.8   )   %
eastern                                                 30,149                    29,306            843                       2.9       %
total non-gaming                                       139,545                    79,238                  60,307             76.1       %
marketing and promotions                                40,600                    31,227                   9,373             30.0       %
general and administrative                             130,172                    96,870                  33,302             34.4       %
corporate                                               19,880                    16,469                   3,411             20.7       %
depreciation and amortization                           63,449                    56,921                   6,528             11.5       %
total operating expenses                       $       793,758           $       648,270       $         145,488             22.4       %
gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions.  nevada gaming revenues increased 132.4% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to incremental gaming revenues attributable to the reno acquisition combined with improvements in gaming revenues at eldorado reno. gaming revenues in louisiana decreased 3.4% in 2016 compared to 2015 due to declines in casino volume primarily due to decreased high limit play and the continued weakness in the energy sector negatively impacting the shreveport market. gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions in the eastern segment declined 3.8% in 2016 compared to 2015 mainly due to lower gaming revenues at mountaineer associated with the smoking ban that has negatively impacted the property's operations. this decrease was partially offset by continued improvements in gaming revenues at scioto downs in 2016 compared to 2015, despite the $1.0 million impact of the progressive liability change related to prior years during the first quarter of 2016.
37
non-gaming revenues.  non-gaming revenues increased 168.0% in 2016 compared to 2015 due to incremental non-gaming revenues consisting of food, beverage, hotel, entertainment, retail and other revenues in the nevada segment primarily as a result of the reno acquisition combined with an increase in non-gaming revenues at eldorado reno. the louisiana segment's non-gaming revenues increased 1.8% in 2016 compared to 2015 mainly due to higher food and beverage revenues due to selective menu price increases and higher beverage complimentaries. the eastern segment posted a decrease in non-gaming revenues primarily due to the declines resulting from strategic changes in promotional offers along with additional volume declines at mountaineer associated with the smoking ban impact. these decreases were partially offset by incremental non-gaming revenues at scioto downs in 2016 compared to 2015 attributable to the opening of the brew brothers in october 2015.
promotional allowances.  promotional allowances, expressed as a percentage of gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions, increased to 12.9% in 2016 compared to 10.4% in 2015. in 2016, nevada promotional allowances, as a percentage of gaming revenues remained relatively flat to 2015 at 26.0%. louisiana promotional allowances, as a percentage of gaming revenues, increased to 22.7% in 2016 from 21.0% in 2015 in conjunction with higher beverage complimentaries. the eastern segment's promotional allowances in 2016 declined to 4.4% as a percentage of the segment's gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions compared to 4.6% in 2015. reductions in promotional allowances, as a percentage of gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions in the eastern segment, were due to continued strategic revisions to promotional offers in an effort to increase margins and maximize profitability.
gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions.  nevada gaming expenses increased 140.1% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to incremental gaming expenses as a result of the reno acquisition along with an increase in gaming expenses at eldorado reno in conjunction with increased gaming revenues. louisiana gaming expenses decreased 4.8% in 2016 compared to 2015 as a result of lower gaming revenues combined with efforts to reduce variable operating costs. the eastern segment's gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions declined 3.8% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due lower gaming expenses commensurate with decreased gaming revenues.
non-gaming expenses. non-gaming expenses increased 144.2% in 2016 compared to 2015. this growth was driven by higher nevada non-gaming expenses due to incremental expenses associated with the reno acquisition. non-gaming expenses in the louisiana segment declined 9.8% mainly due to successful efforts to control costs while the eastern segment's non-gaming expenses increased 2.9% in 2016 compared to 2015 as a result of incremental volume generated by the addition of the brew brothers at scioto downs in october 2015.
marketing and promotions expenses.  consolidated marketing and promotions expense increased 30.0% in 2016 compared to 2015. this increase was primarily attributable to incremental expenses in the nevada segment associated with the reno acquisition along with higher expenses associated with a shift in promotional spend in the eastern segment. these increases in the eastern segment were offset by a decline in the louisiana segment due to efforts to reduce advertising and promotional costs to maximize profitability.
general and administrative expenses.  total general and administrative expenses increased 34.4% in 2016 compared to 2015 primarily due to incremental expenses in the nevada segment resulting from the operation of the properties purchased in the reno acquisition offset by declines in the louisiana and eastern segments due to continued efforts to decrease variable expenses via cost savings initiatives.
corporate expenses.  corporate expenses totaled $19.9 million in 2016 compared to $16.5 million in 2015. this increase was partially due to higher payroll related expenditures at the corporate level subsequent to the reno acquisition in addition to an executive team restructuring that took place during the first quarter of 2016. this restructuring resulted in the reallocation of property executive management to corporate in order to more fully utilize their skills across defined regions. this increase was partially offset by declines in general and administrative costs at the property level in 2016 compared to 2015. additionally, $1.5 million of severance costs were recorded in 2016 along with $0.8 million of additional stock-based compensation expense as a result of severance related restricted stock units becoming fully vested in 2016. also, stock compensation expense was higher for in 2016 compared to 2015 due to the company's three year vesting schedule associated with the company's long-term incentive plan established in 2015 resulting in two years of grants expensed in 2016 versus one year of grants expensed in 2015.
depreciation and amortization expense.  total depreciation and amortization expense increased 11.5% in 2016 compared to 2015 mainly due to additional depreciation expense associated with acquired assets in conjunction with the reno acquisition. the nevada, louisiana and eastern segments contributed $20.2 million, $7.9 million and $34.9 million, respectively, of depreciation and amortization expense in 2016 compared to $9.5 million, $7.6 million and $39.3 million in 2015, respectively.
38
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
net revenues and operating expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands):
year ended

december 31,
2015                      2014                      variance                   percent revenues:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
nevada                                         $        74,626           $        61,946       $          12,680             20.5       %
louisiana                                              125,371                   123,228                   2,143              1.7       %
eastern                                                423,261                   115,660                 307,601            266.0       %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions               623,258                   300,834                 322,424            107.2       %
non-gaming:
nevada                                                  72,214                    57,625                  14,589             25.3       %
louisiana                                               37,273                    37,386                    (113   )         (0.3   )   %
eastern                                                 51,796                    14,427                  37,369            259.0       %
total non-gaming                                       161,283                   109,438                  51,845             47.4       %
total gross revenues                                   784,541                   410,272                 374,269             91.2       %
promotional allowances:
nevada                                                 (19,038   )               (15,876   )              (3,162   )         19.9       %
louisiana                                              (26,302   )               (26,654   )        352                      (1.3   )   %
eastern                                                (19,417   )                (5,919   )             (13,498   )        228.0       %
total promotional allowances                           (64,757   )               (48,449   )             (16,308   )         33.7       %
total net revenues                                     719,784                   361,823                 357,961             98.9       %
expenses:
gaming and pari-mutuel commissions:
nevada                                                  32,908                    27,840                   5,068             18.2       %
louisiana                                               69,826                    72,151                  (2,325   )         (3.2   )   %
eastern                                                264,811                    70,212                 194,599            277.2       %
total gaming and pari-mutuel commissions               367,545                   170,203                 197,342            115.9       %
non-gaming nevada                                                  41,798                    35,686                   6,112             17.1       %
louisiana                                                8,134                     8,317                    (183   )         (2.2   )   %
eastern                                                 29,306                    11,292                  18,014            159.5       %
total non-gaming                                        79,238                    55,295                  23,943             43.3       %
marketing and promotions                                31,227                    21,982                   9,245             42.1       %
general and administrative                              96,870                    58,738                  38,132             64.9       %
corporate                                               16,469                     4,617                  11,852            256.7       %
depreciation and amortization                           56,921                    28,643                  28,278             98.7       %
total operating expenses                       $       648,270           $       339,478       $         308,792             91.0       %
gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions.  nevada gaming revenues increased $12.7 million in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to incremental gaming revenues attributable to circus reno and silver legacy from the reno acquisition date through december 31, 2015 combined with improvements in gaming revenues at eldorado reno. gaming revenues increased $2.1 million in 2015 compared to 2014 in louisiana due to higher slot revenues. the eastern segment recorded $423.3 million of gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions in 2015 resulting in a 266.0% increase compared to 2014 primarily due to inclusion of a full year of operating results for the properties in the eastern segment, but also due to improvements in gaming revenues at scioto downs, which were offset by declines in revenues at mountaineer and a slight decline in gaming revenues at presque isle downs. as a result, total gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions increased 107.2% in 2015 compared to 2014.
39
non-gaming revenues.  non-gaming revenues increased $51.8 million in 2015 compared to 2014 and was driven by incremental non-gaming revenues consisting of food, beverage, hotel, entertainment, retail and other primarily as a result of the mtr merger and reno acquisition and also reflect an increase in non-gaming revenues at eldorado reno in the nevada segment. the louisiana segment reported flat non-gaming revenues in 2015 compared to 2014 while the eastern segment posted a decline resulting from improvements at scioto downs and presque isle downs offset by declines at mountaineer.
promotional allowances.  promotional allowances, expressed as a percentage of gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions, decreased to 10.4% in 2015 compared to 16.1% in 2014. nevada promotional allowances, as a percentage of segment revenues, were relatively flat in 2015 compared to 2014. promotional allowances decreased slightly in louisiana despite an increase in gaming revenues, and eastern promotional allowances declined to 4.6% as a percentage of the segment's gaming revenues and pari-mutuel commissions compared to 5.1% in 2014. reductions in the overall percentage, specifically in the louisiana and eastern segments, were due to strategic revisions to our casino marketing programs in 2015 in an effort to increase margins and maximize profitability.
gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions.  nevada gaming expenses increased $5.1 million in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to incremental gaming expenses generated as a result of the reno acquisition, but reflect a reduction of casino marketing costs at eldorado reno. louisiana gaming expenses decreased 3.2% in 2015 compared to 2014 despite a 1.7% increase in gaming revenues due to efforts to reduce variable costs including promotional offers, direct mail and marketing expenses. the eastern segment recorded $264.8 million of gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions in 2015 compared to $70.2 million in 2014 due to the inclusion of results of operations for the full year for the properties in the eastern segment, but reflect a reduction in operational expenses, including payroll, associated with our cost savings program. as a result, total gaming expenses and pari-mutuel commissions increased 115.9% in 2015 compared to 2014 mainly due to incremental costs associated with the reno acquisition and mtr merger, offset by the aforementioned declines in each segment.
non-gaming expenses. non-gaming expenses increased $23.9 million in 2015 compared to 2014, of which nevada non-gaming expenses increased $6.1 million due to incremental expenses incurred as a result of the reno acquisition but reflect a reduction of food and entertainment expenses at eldorado reno. non-gaming expenses in louisiana decreased slightly in 2015 compared to 2014 due to lower food and beverage expenses associated with a decline in customer counts. the eastern segment contributed $29.3 million of non-gaming expenses in 2015 representing an $18.0 million increase over 2014 due to inclusion of results of operations for the full year for the properties in the eastern segment.
marketing and promotions expenses.  consolidated marketing and promotions expense increased 42.1% in 2015 compared to 2014. this increase was attributable to incremental expenses associated with the reno acquisition combined with a full year of operations in the eastern segment in 2015 compared to the partial period in 2014 offset by overall savings in each segment due to reductions in advertising and marketing programs.
general and administrative expenses.  total general and administrative expenses increased 64.9% in 2015 compared to 2014 partially due to incremental expenses resulting from the reno acquisition, and reflect a reduction of costs associated with lower professional services. louisiana general and administrative expenses increased 1.3% in 2015 compared to 2014. the eastern segment contributed $52.0 million of general and administrative expenses in 2015 compared to $14.9 million in 2014. the increase in the eastern segment was associated with the partial period reporting as a result of the mtr merger in 2014 due to inclusion of results of operations for the full year for the properties in the eastern segment, offset by declines associated with our cost savings initiatives.
corporate expenses.  we incurred $16.5 million in corporate expenses in 2015 compared to $4.6 million in 2014. this increase was mainly due to incremental costs associated with the mtr merger including additional payroll, accounting fees and professional services. additionally, we expensed $0.6 million in costs attributable to the initiation of our equity offering in conjunction with the reno acquisition.
depreciation and amortization expense.  total depreciation and amortization expense increased 98.7% in 2015 compared to 2014 mainly due to additional depreciation associated with acquired assets in conjunction with the reno acquisition and mtr merger. the eastern segment contributed $39.3 million of depreciation and amortization expense in 2015 compared to $12.3 million in 2014.
40
supplemental unaudited presentation of consolidated adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015
adjusted ebitda (defined below), a non gaap financial measure, has been presented as a supplemental disclosure because it is a widely used measure of performance and basis for valuation of companies in our industry and we believe that this non gaap supplemental information will be helpful in understanding the company's ongoing operating results. adjusted ebitda represents operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization, stock based compensation, transaction expenses, s-1 expenses, severance expenses and other, which includes equity in income of unconsolidated affiliates, (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property, and other regulatory gaming assessments, including the impact of the change in regulatory reporting requirements, to the extent that such items existed in the periods presented. adjusted ebitda is not a measure of performance or liquidity calculated in accordance with us gaap, is unaudited and should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income (loss) as an indicator of our operating performance. uses of cash flows that are not reflected in adjusted ebitda include capital expenditures, interest payments, income taxes, debt principal repayments and certain regulatory gaming assessments, which can be significant. as a result, adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity. other companies that provide ebitda information may calculate ebitda differently than we do. the definition of adjusted ebitda may not be the same as the definitions used in any of our debt agreements.
the following table summarizes our adjusted ebitda for our operating segments for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, in addition to reconciling adjusted ebitda to operating income (loss) in accordance with us gaap (unaudited, in thousands):
year ended december 31, 2016

operating                      depreciation and amortization             stock-based compensation (3)              transaction expenses (4)               severance expense             other (5)                   adjusted income (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                                       ebitda nevada                     $              41,620          $                          20,220         $                       -                 $                     -                $                 230         $              263          $          62,333
louisiana                                 23,378                                      7,861                                 -                                       -                                    -                        (41   )                 31,198
eastern (2)                               53,610                                     34,887                                 -                                       -                        305                                1,033                     89,835
corporate                                (29,490   )                  481                                                   3,341                                   9,182                            1,461                        (55   )                (15,080   )
total                      $              89,118          $                          63,449         $                       3,341             $                     9,182            $               1,996         $            1,200          $         168,286
year ended december 31, 2015
operating                      depreciation and amortization             stock-based compensation (3)              transaction expenses (4)               severance expense             other (5)                   adjusted income (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                                       ebitda nevada                     $              13,989          $                           9,547         $                       -                 $                     -                $                 115         $           (3,457   )      $          20,194
louisiana                                 21,423                                      7,621                                 -                                       -                        25                                   (18   )                 29,051
eastern                                   56,491                                     39,341                                 -                                       -                        163                                 (273   )                 95,722
corporate                                (19,387   )                  412                                                   1,488                                   3,069                    75                          54                              (14,289   )
total excluding pre-reno                  72,516                                     56,921                                 1,488                                   3,069                    378                               (3,694   )                130,678
acquisition pre-reno acquisition (1)                  19,850                                     10,008                                 -                                       -                        20                          2                                29,880
total including pre-reno   $              92,366          $                          66,929         $                       1,488             $                     3,069            $                 398         $           (3,692   )      $         160,558
acquisition (6)
(1)   figures for the year ended december 31, 2015 represent the results of silver legacy and circus reno for the period beginning on january 1, 2015 and ending on november 24, 2015, the date that the reno acquisition was consummated. such figures are based on the unaudited historical internal financial statements of such entities and have not been reviewed by the company's auditors.

(2)   effective january 1, 2016, the ohio lottery commission enacted a regulatory change which resulted in the establishment of a $1.0 million progressive slot liability and a corresponding decrease in net slot win in during the first quarter of 2016. the changes are non-cash and related primarily to prior years. the net non-cash impact to adjusted ebitda was $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.

(3)   included in stock-based compensation expense for the year ended is $0.8 million of additional stock-based compensation expense as a result of severance related restricted stock units becoming fully vested during the year ended december 31, 2016.

(4)   transaction expenses represent acquisition costs related to the mtr merger and reno acquisition and also include a credit of $2.0 thousand for the year ended december 31, 2016 and an expense of $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 related to s-1 offering costs.

(5)   other is comprised of (gain) loss on the sale or disposal of property, equity in income of unconsolidated affiliate and other regulatory gaming assessments, including the item listed in footnote (2) above.

41
(6)   results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 include the operations of silver legacy and circus reno, which were acquired by eri on november 24, 2015, as if the acquisition occurred on january 1, 2015. such presentation does not conform with us gaap or the securities and exchange commission rules for pro forma presentation; however, we have included the combined information because we believe it provides a meaningful comparison for the periods presented.

liquidity and capital resources the primary sources of liquidity and capital resources have been existing cash, cash flow from operations and proceeds from the issuance of debt securities.
we expect that our primary capital requirements going forward will relate to the operation and maintenance of our properties and servicing our outstanding indebtedness and to pay the cash consideration in the isle acquisition, refinance outstanding isle indebtedness and pay expenses related to the isle acquisition. in 2017, we plan to spend $60.1 million, net of reimbursements from west virginia, on qualified capital expenditures, $44.6 million to pay cash interest on our senior notes and our new credit facility and $4.3 million for principal payments on our term loan. we expect that our capital requirements for interest on our outstanding indebtedness will increase significantly in 2017 following the consummation of the isle acquisition and the related incurrence of debt.  we also expect that our capital expenditures will increase significantly in 2017 following the consummation of the isle acquisition and the related increase in the number of properties in the combined portfolio of assets. however, we are still evaluating potential capital expenditure requirements and have not quantified the anticipated additional spend at this time. we expect that we will fund amounts required to pay the cash consideration in the isle acquisition, refinance outstanding isle indebtedness and pay expenses related to the isle acquisition with proceeds from borrowings under the financing that we expect to be provided pursuant to the commitment letter and cash on hand. we expect that cash generated from operations will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital requirements and service our outstanding indebtedness for the foreseeable future; however, we cannot provide assurance that operating cash flows will be sufficient to do so.
eri is a holding company and its only significant assets are ownership interests in its subsidiaries. eri's ability to fund its obligations depends on the cash flow of its subsidiaries and the ability of its subsidiaries to distribute or otherwise make funds available to eri.
at december 31, 2016, we had consolidated cash and cash equivalents of $63.4 million, including restricted cash of $2.4 million. at december 31, 2015, we had consolidated cash and cash equivalents of $83.5 million, including restricted cash of $5.3 million.
operating cash flow.  in 2016, we generated cash flows from operating activities of $97.6 million as compared to $56.7 million in 2015. the increase in operating cash was primarily associated with improvements in operations along with incremental cash flow associated with the reno acquisition, the refinancing of our debt resulting in lower interest expense and various changes in the balance sheet accounts in the normal course of business.
investing cash flow.  net cash flows used in investing activities totaled $41.1 million in 2016 and primarily consisted of $47.4 million in capital expenditures for various property enhancement and maintenance projects and equipment purchases partially offset by west virginia's reimbursement of capital expenditures totaling $4.2 million.
net cash flows used in investing activities totaled $158.8 million in 2015 and partially consisted of $35.5 million in capital expenditures, net of cash reimbursements by west virginia totaling $1.3 million. additionally, $125.0 million of net assets were acquired in the reno acquisition.
financing cash flow.  net cash used for financing activities in 2016 totaled $73.7 million and consisted primarily of payments totaling $64.5 million on the revolving credit facility and $4.3 million payments under the term loan in 2016. additionally, $4.3 million was paid in 2016 for debt issuance costs comprised of $3.6 million related to the isle acquisition and $0.7 million related to the reno acquisition.
net cash flows provided by financing activities in 2015 totaled $92.7 million consisting mainly of the proceeds and associated costs with the issuance of the senior notes and credit facility and the retirement of resorts senior secured notes and mtr second lien notes. subsequent to our refinancing transaction in july 2015, we made payments of $2.1 million and $37.5 million under the term loan and revolving credit facility, respectively, during the latter half of 2015. borrowings totaled $131.0 million under the revolving credit facility and were attributable to the payment of refinancing and the reno acquisition in 2015.
42
capital expenditures during the year ended december 31, 2016, additions to property and equipment and other capital projects aggregated $43.2 million, which included $22.8 million in nevada, $5.9 million in louisiana, $14.3 million attributable to the eastern properties, net of $4.2 million in west virginia reimbursements, and $0.2 million at corporate.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, the west virginia racing commission reimbursed mountaineer $0.7 million for capital expenditures in 2016. these reimbursement amounts were applied against the applicable acquisition costs, which resulted in corresponding adjustments to the basis of the capitalized fixed assets. these reimbursements, which are reflected within investing activities in our accompanying consolidated statement of cash flows, did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. future reimbursements from the west virginia racing commission are subject to the availability of racing funds.
under legislation approved by west virginia in july 2011, mountaineer participates in a modernization fund which provides for reimbursement from amounts paid to the west virginia lottery commission in an amount equal to $1 for each $2 expended for certain qualifying capital expenditures having a useful life of more than three years and placed into service after july 1, 2011. qualifying capital expenditures include the purchase of slot machines and related equipment to the extent such slot machines are retained by mountaineer at its west virginia location for not less than five years. any unexpended balance from a given fiscal year will be available for one additional fiscal year, after which time the remaining unused balance carried forward will be forfeited. during the year ended december 31, 2016, mountaineer was reimbursed $3.5 million on qualified capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2016, mountaineer remains eligible for $3.4 million under annual modernization fund grants that expire in varying dates through june 30, 2018. we can make no assurances mountaineer will be able to make qualifying capital expenditures purchases sufficient to receive reimbursement of the available funds prior to their expiration nor that the modernization funds will continue to be available.
silver legacy joint venture loan and credit support ellc and galleon were each required to provide credit support by depositing $5.0 million of cash into bank accounts that were subject to a security interest in favor of the lender under the silver legacy credit agreement. in november 2015 in conjunction with the reno acquisition, the indebtedness under the silver legacy credit agreement was paid in full by eri and the credit support obligation was eliminated.
debt obligations refinancing transaction and senior notes on july 23, 2015, the company issued $375.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.0% senior notes due 2023 pursuant to the indenture, dated as of july 23, 2015 (the "indenture"), at an issue price equal to 100.0% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes. the senior notes are guaranteed by all of the company's direct and indirect restricted subsidiaries other than immaterial subsidiaries. cc-reno, llc and the silver legacy joint venture became guarantors in june 2016 upon receipt of gaming approval which occurred in may 2016. the senior notes will mature on august 1, 2023, with interest payable semi-annually in arrears on february 1 and august 1 of each year.
the company used the net proceeds from the senior notes offering together with borrowings under the term loan and the revolving credit facility (as defined below) to (i) purchase or otherwise redeem (a) all of the outstanding resorts senior secured notes and (b) all of the outstanding mtr second lien notes, (ii) pay a portion of the purchase price for the circus reno/silver legacy purchase and repay all amounts outstanding under the silver legacy joint venture credit facility, and (iii) pay fees and costs associated with such transactions. net proceeds from the senior notes offering totaling $50.0 million were used for the circus reno/silver legacy purchase on the reno acquisition date. as a result of the july 2015 refinancing, we recognized a $1.9 million net loss on the early retirement of debt.
43
on or after august 1, 2018, the company may redeem all or a portion of the senior notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice, at the redemption prices (expressed as percentages of the principal amount) set forth below plus accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, on the senior notes redeemed, to the applicable redemption date, if redeemed during the twelve month period beginning on august 1 of the years indicated below:
year            percentage

2018         105.250   %
2019         103.500   %
2020         101.750   %
2021 and thereafter         100.000   %
prior to august 1, 2018, the company may redeem all or a portion of the senior notes at a price equal to 100% of the senior notes redeemed plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, plus a make-whole premium.  at any time prior to august 1, 2018, the company is also entitled to redeem up to 35% of the original aggregate principal amount of the senior notes with proceeds of certain equity financings at a redemption price equal to 107% of the principal amount of the senior notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest. if the company experiences certain change of control events (as defined in the indenture), it must offer to repurchase the senior notes at 101% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date. if the company sells assets under certain circumstances and does not use the proceeds for specified purposes, the company must offer to repurchase the senior notes at 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable repurchase date. the senior notes are subject to redemption imposed by gaming laws and regulations of applicable gaming regulatory authorities.
the indenture contains certain covenants limiting, among other things, the company's ability and the ability of its subsidiaries (other than its unrestricted subsidiaries) to:
•   pay dividends or distributions or make certain other restricted payments or investments;

•   incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue disqualified stock or create subordinated indebtedness that is not subordinated to the senior notes or the guarantees of the senior notes;

•   create liens;

•   transfer and sell assets;

•   merge, consolidate, or sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of the company's assets;

•   enter into certain transactions with affiliates;

•   engage in lines of business other than the company's core business and related businesses; and

•   create restrictions on dividends or other payments by restricted subsidiaries.

these covenants are subject to a number of exceptions and qualifications as set forth in the indenture. the indenture also provides for customary events of default which, if any of them occurs, would permit or require the principal of and accrued interest on such senior notes to be declared due and payable. as of december 31, 2016, the company was in compliance with all of the covenants under the indenture relating to the senior notes.
credit facility on july 23, 2015, the company entered into a new $425.0 million seven year term loan (the "term loan") and a new $150.0 million five year revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility" and, together with the term loan, the "credit facility").
as of december 31, 2016, the company had $418.6 million outstanding on the term loan and $29.0 million in borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility.  the company had $121.0 million of available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2016. at december 31, 2016, the interest rate on the term loan was 4.25% and the average interest rate on the revolving credit facility was 4.9%.
44
the term loan bears interest at a rate per annum of, at the company's option, either (x) libor plus 3.25%, with a libor floor of 1.0%, or (y) a base rate plus 2.25%. borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest at a rate per annum of, at the company's option, either (x) libor plus a spread ranging from 2.5% to 3.25% or (y) a base rate plus a spread ranging from 1.5% to 2.25%, in each case with the spread determined based on the company's total leverage ratio.  additionally, the company pays a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility not being utilized in the amount of 0.50% per annum.
the credit facility is secured by substantially all of the company's personal property assets and substantially all personal property assets of each subsidiary that guaranties the credit facility (other than certain subsidiary guarantors designated as immaterial or restricted subsidiaries) (the ''credit facility guarantors''), whether owned on the closing date of the credit facility or thereafter acquired, and mortgages on the real property and improvements owned or leased us or the credit facility guarantors. the credit facility is also secured by a pledge of all of the equity owned by us and the credit facility guarantors (subject to certain gaming law restrictions). the credit agreement governing the credit facility contains a number of customary covenants that, among other things, restrict, subject to certain exceptions, the company's ability and the ability of the credit facility guarantors to incur additional indebtedness, create liens on collateral, engage in mergers, consolidations or asset dispositions, make distributions, make investments, loans or advances, engage in certain transactions with affiliates or subsidiaries or make capital expenditures.
the credit agreement governing the credit facility also includes requirements that the company maintain a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio (adjusting over time). the company is required to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio of 6.00 to 1.00 from january 1, 2016 to december 31, 2017 and 5.00 to 1.00 thereafter. in addition, the company is required to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of 2.75 to 1.00 from january 1, 2016 through december 31, 2016 and 3.00 to 1.00 thereafter. a default of the financial ratio covenants shall only become an event of default under the term loan if the lenders providing the revolving credit facility take certain affirmative actions after the occurrence of a default of such financial ratio covenants.
the credit agreement governing the credit facility contains a number of customary events of default, including, among others, for the non-payment of principal, interest or other amounts, the inaccuracy of certain representations and warranties, the failure to perform or observe certain covenants, a cross default to other indebtedness including the senior notes, certain events of bankruptcy or insolvency; certain erisa events, the invalidity of certain loan documents, certain changes of control and the loss of certain classes of licenses to conduct gaming. if any event of default occurs, the lenders under the credit facility would be entitled to take various actions, including accelerating amounts due thereunder and taking all actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. as of december 31, 2016, the company was in compliance with the covenants under the credit facility.
debt commitment letter in connection with entering into the merger agreement, on september 19, 2016, the company entered into a debt financing commitment letter with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as modified by the five separate written joinders to the commitment letter entered into by eri and jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. with each of  macquarie capital funding llc, keybank, national association, capital one, national association, suntrust bank and u.s. bank national association and certain affiliates of such parties (the "commitment letter"). the commitment letter provides for : (a) a senior secured credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of $1.75 billion comprised of (i) a term loan facility of up to $1.45 billion and (ii) a revolving credit facility of $300.0 million and (b) an amount equal to at least $375.0 million in gross proceeds from the issuance and sale by the company of senior unsecured notes or, if the notes are not issued and sold on or prior to the date of the consummation of the mergers, an amount equal to at least $375.0 million in senior unsecured bridge loans under a senior unsecured credit facility. the proceeds of such borrowings may be used (w) to pay consideration in the mergers, (x) refinance all of isle's existing credit facilities and senior and senior subordinated notes, (y) refinance the company's existing credit facility and (z) pay transaction fees and expenses related to the foregoing. the availability of the borrowings is subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions.
45
contractual commitments the following table summarizes our estimated contractual payment obligations as of december 31, 2016:
less than                                                                      more than

total                    1 year                   1 - 3 years               3 - 5 years               5 years
(in millions)
contractual cash obligations:
long-term debt obligations(1)                $          823.2         $            4.6         $             8.7         $            37.5         $             772.4
interest on indebtedness                                274.1                     45.4                      90.2                      87.5               51.0
operating leases(2)                                      33.3                      2.4                       3.8                       2.6               24.5
gaming tax and license fees(3)                           64.2                     12.8                      25.9                      25.5               see note 3
purchase and other contractual obligations                1.1                      0.4                       0.6                       0.1               -
minimum purse obligations(4)                             28.8                     14.4                      14.4                         -               -
contingent earn-out payments(5)                           0.6                      0.1                       0.2                       0.2               0.1
regulatory gaming assessments(6)                          3.7                      0.4                       1.0                       1.1               1.2
total                                        $        1,229.0         $           80.5         $           144.8         $           154.5         $             849.2
(1)   these amounts are included in our consolidated balance sheets, which are included elsewhere in this report. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about our debt and related matters.

(2)   our operating lease obligations are described in note 16 to our consolidated financial statements.

(3)   includes an annual table gaming license fee of $2.5 million for mountaineer which is due on july 1st of each year as long as mountaineer operates table games. includes our obligation for gaming taxes at presque isle downs, which is set at a minimum of $10.0 million per year, as required by the pennsylvania gaming control board. also includes our obligation at presque isle downs, as the holder of a category 1 license, to create a fund to be used for the improvement and maintenance of the backside area of the racetrack with an amount of not less than $250,000 or more than $1 million annually for a five-year period beginning in 2017.

(4)   pursuant to an agreement with the mountaineer park horsemen's benevolent and protective association, inc. and/or in accordance with the west virginia racing statute, mountaineer is required to utilize its best efforts to conduct racing for a minimum of 210 days and pay average daily minimum purses established by mountaineer prior to the first live racing date each year ($96,000 for 2016) for the term of the agreement which expires on december 31, 2018.

(5)   in connection with the 2003 purchase of scioto downs, certain stockholders of scioto downs elected the option to receive cash and contingent earn‐out payments ("cep rights") in lieu of all cash for their outstanding shares of scioto downs' common stock. the triggering event occurred when scioto downs received its permanent vlt license in may 2012 and commenced gaming operations. as a result, we recorded a liability for the estimated ten year payout to the stockholders who elected to receive the cep rights. the future obligation was calculated based on scioto downs' projected ebitda for the ten calendar years beginning january 1, 2013.

(6)   these amounts are included in our consolidated balance sheets, which are included elsewhere in this report. see note 16 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our regulatory gaming assessments.

the table above excludes certain commitments as of december 31, 2016, for which the timing of expenditures associated with such commitments is unknown, or contractual agreements have not been executed, or the guaranteed maximum price for such contractual agreements has not been agreed upon.
the repayment of our long‐term debt, which consists of indebtedness evidenced by the senior notes and the credit facility is subject to acceleration upon the occurrence of an event of default under the indentures governing these obligations.
we routinely enter into operational contracts in the ordinary course of our business, including construction contracts for minor projects that are not material to our business or financial condition as a whole. our commitments relating to these contracts are recognized as liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets when services are provided with respect to such contracts.
off balance sheet arrangements the company does not currently have any off balance sheet arrangements.
46
inflation we do not believe that inflation has had a significant impact on our revenues, results of operations or cash flows since inception.
other liquidity matters the pennsylvania gaming control board (the "pgcb"), the pennsylvania department of revenue and the pennsylvania state police (collectively "the borrowers"), were required to fund the costs they incurred in connection with the initial development of the infrastructure to support gaming operations in pennsylvania as well as the initial ongoing costs of the borrowers. the initial funding of these costs was provided from a loan from the pennsylvania general fund in the amount of $36.1 million, and further funding was provided from additional loans from the pennsylvania property tax reserve fund in the aggregate amount of $63.8 million.
the pennsylvania department of revenue will assess all licensees, including presque isle downs, their proportionate share of amounts represented by the borrowings, which are in the aggregate amount of $99.9 million, once the designated number of pennsylvania's slot machine licensees is operational. on july 11, 2011, the pgcb issued an administrative order which established that payments associated with the $63.8 million that was borrowed from the property tax reserve fund would commence on january 1, 2012. the repayment allocation between all current licensees is based upon equal weighting of (i) cumulative gross slot revenue since inception in relation to the combined cumulative gross slot revenue for all licensees and (ii) single year gross slot revenue (during the state's fiscal year ending june 30) in relation to the combined single year gross slot revenue for all licensees; and amounts paid each year will be adjusted annually based upon changes in the licensee's proportionate share of gross slot revenue. we have estimated that our total proportionate share of the aggregate $63.8 million to be assessed to the gaming facilities will be $4.1 million and will be paid quarterly over a ten‐year period, which began effective january 1, 2012. for the $36.1 million that was borrowed from the general fund, payment is scheduled to begin after all fourteen licensees are operational. although we cannot determine when payment will begin, we have considered a similar repayment model for the general fund borrowings and estimated that our total proportionate share of the aggregate $36.1 million to all fourteen gaming facilities will be $1.9 million.
the recorded estimate is subject to revision based upon future changes in the revenue assumptions utilized to develop the estimate. our estimated total obligation at december 31, 2016 is $3.7 million. the company paid $0.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2016.
we are faced with certain contingencies involving litigation and environmental remediation and compliance. these commitments and contingencies are discussed in greater detail in "part i, item 3. legal proceedings" and note 16 to our consolidated financial statements, both of which are included elsewhere in this report. in addition, new competition may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, and could have a similar adverse effect on our liquidity. see "part i, item 1a. risk factors-risks related to our business" which is included elsewhere in this report.
critical accounting policies our significant accounting policies are included in note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, which are included elsewhere in this report. these policies, along with the underlying assumptions and judgments made by our management in their application, have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and actual results could differ from our estimates.
business combinations the company applied the provisions of accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 805, "business combinations", in the accounting for the circus reno/silver legacy purchase and the mtr merger. it required us to recognize the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. goodwill as of the reno acquisition date was measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed.
47
accounting for business combinations required our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, including our estimate of intangible assets, such as gaming licenses, trade names and loyalty programs. although we believe the assumptions and estimates made have been reasonable and appropriate, they are inherently uncertain. for our gaming license valuation, our properties estimated future cash flows were the primary assumption in the respective intangible valuations. cash flow estimates included assumptions regarding factors such as recent and budgeted operating performance, net win per unit (revenue), patron visits and growth percentages. the growth percentages were developed considering general macroeconomic conditions as well as competitive impacts from current and anticipated competition through a review of customer market data, operating margins, and current regulatory, social and economic climates. the most significant of the assumptions used in the valuations included: (1) revenue growth/decline percentages; (2) discount rates; (3) effective income tax rates; (4) future terminal values and (5) capital expenditure assumptions. these assumptions were developed for each of our properties based on historical trends in the current competitive markets in which they operate, and projections of future performance and competition. the primary assumptions with respect to our trade names and loyalty program intangibles primary assumptions were selecting the appropriate royalty rates and cost estimates for replacement cost analyses.
in addition, uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances assumed in connection with a business combination are initially estimated as of the business combination date. we reevaluated these items quarterly based upon facts and circumstances that existed as of the business combination date with any adjustments to our preliminary estimates being recorded to goodwill if identified within the measurement period. subsequent to the measurement period or our final determination of the tax allowance's or contingency's estimated value, whichever comes first, changes to these uncertain tax positions and tax related valuation allowances will affect our provision for income taxes in our consolidated statement of operations and could have material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
revenue recognition gaming revenues consist of the net win from gaming activities, which is the difference between amounts wagered and amounts paid to winning patrons, and is recognized at the time wagers are made net of winning payouts to patrons. base and progressive jackpots are accrued and charged to revenue at the time the obligation to pay the jackpot is established. pari‐mutuel commissions consist of commissions earned from thoroughbred and harness racing, and importing of simulcast signals from other race tracks. pari‐mutuel commissions are recognized at the time wagers are made. such commissions are a designated portion of the wagering handle as determined by state racing commissions, and are shown net of the taxes assessed by state and local agencies, as well as purses and other contractual amounts paid to horsemen associations. we recognize revenues from fees earned through the exporting of simulcast signals to other race tracks at the time wagers are made. such fees are based upon a predetermined percentage of handle as contracted with the other race tracks. revenues from food and beverage are recognized at the time of sale and revenues from lodging are recognized on the date of stay. other revenues are recorded at the time services are rendered or merchandise sold. we offer certain promotional allowances to our customers, including complimentary lodging, food and beverage, and promotional credits for free play on slot machines. the retail value of these promotional items is shown as a reduction in total revenues on our consolidated statements of operations.
income taxes the company and its subsidiaries file us federal income tax returns and various state and local income tax returns. the company does not have tax sharing agreements with the other members within the consolidated eri group. with few exceptions, the company is no longer subject to us federal or state and local tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2013.
the company was notified by the internal revenue service in october of 2016 that its federal tax return for the year ended december 31, 2014 had been selected for examination.  as of december 31, 2016, there have been no proposed adjustments.  management believes that its tax positions are appropriate and that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations.  however, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty.  if any issues addressed in the company's tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management's expectations, we would be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.  while the company believes its reported results are materially accurate, any significant adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, cash flows and financial position if not resolved within expectations.
48
for the year ended december 31, 2014, the difference between the effective rate and the statutory rate is attributed primarily to the federal and state valuation allowances on the company's deferred tax assets. as a result of the company's net operating losses and net deferred tax asset position as of december 31, 2014 (after exclusion of certain deferred tax liabilities that generally cannot be offset against deferred tax assets, known as "naked credits"), the company provided for a full valuation allowance against substantially all of the net federal and state deferred tax assets.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, the difference between the effective rate and the statutory rate is attributable primarily to the release of a majority of the federal and related state valuation allowances on the company's deferred tax assets and the non-taxable gain on the fair value adjustment of a previously unconsolidated affiliate.  the company continues to provide for a valuation allowance against net federal and state deferred tax assets associated with non-operating land, the sale of which could result in capital losses that can only be offset against capital gains. as of december 31, 2015, the company also continued to provide for a valuation allowance against net state deferred tax assets relating to operations in pennsylvania and west virginia. management determined it was not more-likely-than-not that the company will realize these net deferred tax assets.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the difference between the effective rate and the statutory rate is attributable primarily to the release of a majority of the state valuation allowances on the company's west virginia deferred tax assets and excess tax benefits on stock compensation under accounting standards update 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation, which the company adopted effective the first quarter of 2016.  the company continues to provide for a valuation allowance against net federal and state deferred tax assets associated with non-operating land, the sale of which could result in capital losses that can only be offset against capital gains. the company also continues to provide for a valuation allowance against net state deferred tax assets relating to operations in pennsylvania. management determined it was not more-likely-than-not that the company will realize these net deferred tax assets.
a valuation allowance is recognized if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more-likely-than-not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. management must analyze all available positive and negative evidence regarding realization of the deferred tax assets and make an assessment of the likelihood of sufficient future taxable income. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the company was in a three-year cumulative loss position, which was significant negative evidence, and the company did not have positive evidence to outweigh the negative evidence.  for the year ended december 31, 2015, the company's position changed to a three-year cumulative income position and management concluded it is more-likely-than-not to realize its federal, louisiana and city of columbus, ohio deferred tax assets, with the exception of non-operating land. in addition, for the year ended december 31, 2016, the company remained in a three-year cumulative income position and management concluded it is more-likely-than-not to realize its federal, louisiana, city of columbus, ohio and west virginia deferred tax assets, with the exception of non-operating land. the company continues to provide for a valuation allowance against net state deferred tax assets relating to operations in pennsylvania. management determined it was not more-likely-than-not that the company will realize these net deferred tax assets.  the company will continue to evaluate the realization of its deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis and make adjustments to its valuation allowance as appropriate.
for income tax purposes the company amortizes or depreciates certain assets that have been assigned an indefinite life for book purposes. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the incremental amortization or depreciation deductions for income tax purposes resulted in an increase in certain deferred tax liabilities that could not be used as a source of future taxable income for purposes of measuring the company's need for a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets. therefore, the company recorded non‐cash deferred tax expense of $1.1 million as the company amortized these assets for tax purposes.
prior to the mtr merger date, holdco was taxed as a partnership under the internal revenue code pursuant to which income taxes were primarily the responsibility of the partners. the company is a c corporation subject to the federal and state corporate‐level income taxes at prevailing corporate tax rates. while taxed as a partnership, holdco was not subject to federal income tax liability. because holders of membership interests in holdco were required to include their respective shares of holdco's taxable income (including that of resorts) in their individual income tax returns, distributions were made to their respective member(s) to cover such tax liabilities. such distributions were subject to limitation in accordance with the provisions of their respective operating agreements. eldorado shreveport #2, llc has elected as a single member limited liability company to be taxed as a c corporation. current and deferred income taxes associated with eldorado shreveport #2, llc were not material.
49
under the applicable accounting standards, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more‐likely‐than‐not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the accounting standards also provide guidance on de‐recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and disclosure requirements for uncertain tax positions. we have recorded no liability associated with uncertain tax positions at december 31, 2016 and 2015.
property and equipment and other long‐lived assets property and equipment is recorded at cost, except for the silver legacy, circus reno and the mtr gaming properties, which were adjusted for fair value under asc 805 and are depreciated over their remaining estimated useful life or lease term. judgments are made in determining estimated useful lives and salvage values of these assets. the accuracy of these estimates affects the amount of depreciation expense recognized in our financial results and whether we have a gain or loss on the disposal of assets. we review depreciation estimates and methods as new events occur, more experience is acquired, and additional information is obtained that would possibly change our current estimates.
property, equipment and other long‐lived assets are assessed for impairment in accordance with asc 360-property, plant, and equipment. the company evaluates its long‐lived assets periodically for impairment issues or, more frequently, whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing the net carrying value to the sum of the estimated future net undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by these assets. the amount of impairment loss, if any, is measured by the difference between the net carrying value and the estimated fair value of the asset which is typically measured using a discounted cash flow model (level 3 of the fair value hierarchy). for assets to be disposed of, impairment is recognized based on the lower of carrying value or fair value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, offers received, or a discounted cash flow model. based on the results of our periodic reviews we have not recorded any impairment losses during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
for undeveloped properties, including non‐operating real properties, when indicators of impairment are present, properties are evaluated for impairment and losses are recorded when undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by an asset or market comparisons are less than the asset's carrying amount. the amount of the impairment loss is calculated as the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value, which is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis, management estimates or market comparisons. the fair value measurements employed for our impairment evaluations, which are subject to the assumptions and factors as previously discussed, were generally based on a review of comparable activities in the marketplace, which falls within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
goodwill and other indefinite‐lived intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business. intangible assets acquired in business combinations are recorded based upon their fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill and other indefinite‐lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired.
goodwill is tested by comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit to its fair value. the company estimates the fair value of the reporting unit utilizing income and market approaches. the income approach is based on projected future cash flow that is discounted to present value using factors that consider the timing and risk of the future cash flows. the market approach is based on the company's market capitalization at the testing date.
our indefinite‐lived intangible assets consist of racing and gaming licenses and trade names and are evaluated for impairment annually by comparing the fair value of the asset to its carrying value. any excess of carrying value over the fair value is recognized as an impairment within the consolidated statement of operations in the period of review.
50
the gaming and racing licenses were valued in aggregate for each respective property, as these licenses are considered to be the most significant asset of the properties and the gaming licenses could not be obtained without holding the racing licenses. therefore, a market participant would consider the licenses in aggregate. the fair value of the licenses is calculated using an excess earnings methodology, which is an income approach methodology that allocates the projected cash flows of the property to the gaming license intangible assets less charges for the use of the other identifiable assets of the property, including working capital, fixed assets, and other intangible assets. we believe this methodology is appropriate as the gaming licenses are the primary asset to the properties, the licenses are linked to each respective facility and it's the lowest level at which discrete cash flows can be directly attributable to the assets. under the gaming legislation applicable to our properties, licenses are property specific and can only be acquired if a buyer acquires the existing facility. because existing licenses may not be acquired and transferred for use at a different facility, the estimated future cash flows of each of our properties was the primary assumption in the valuation of such property.
the company values trade names using the relief‐from‐royalty method with royalty rates range from 0.5% ‐ 1.0%.  trade names recorded as part of the mtr merger are amortized on a straight‐line basis over a 3.5 year useful life and the trade names recorded as part of the reno acquisition are not amortized (deemed indefinite-lived).
the loyalty programs were valued using a combination of a replacement cost and lost profits analysis and the loyalty programs are amortized on a straight‐line basis over a one year useful life.
assessing goodwill and indefinite‐lived intangible assets for impairment is a process that requires significant judgment and involves detailed quantitative and qualitative business‐specific analysis and many individual assumptions which fluctuate between assessments. our properties' estimated future cash flows are a primary assumption in the respective impairment analyses. unforeseen events, changes in circumstances and market conditions and material differences in estimates of future cash flows could negatively affect the fair value of our assets and result in an impairment charge, which could be material. cash flow estimates include assumptions regarding factors such as recent and budgeted operating performance, net win per unit (revenue), patron visits, growth percentages which are developed considering general macroeconomic conditions as well as competitive impacts from current and anticipated competition through a review of customer market data, operating margins, and current regulatory, social and economic climates. these estimates could also be negatively impacted by changes in federal, state, or local regulations, economic downturns or developments and other market conditions affecting travel and access to the properties. the most significant of the assumptions used in our valuations include: (1) revenue growth/decline percentages; (2) discount rates; (3) effective income tax rates; (4) future terminal values and (5) capital expenditure assumptions. these assumptions were developed for each property based on historical trends, the current competitive markets in which they operate, and projections of future performance and competition.
we believe we have used reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of our goodwill reporting units and other indefinite‐lived intangible assets; however, these estimates and assumptions could be materially different from actual results. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, or if events occur or circumstances change that would reduce the fair value of our licensing intangibles below the carrying value reflected on the consolidated balance sheet, we may be required to conduct an interim test or possibly recognize impairment charges, which may be material, in future periods.
reserve for uncollectible accounts receivable we reserve an estimated amount for receivables that may not be collected. methodologies for estimating bad debt reserves range from specific reserves to various percentages applied to aged receivables. historical collection rates are considered, as are customer relationships, in determining specific reserves. as with many estimates, management must make judgments about potential actions by third parties in establishing and evaluating our reserves for bad debts.
self‐insurance reserves the company is self‐insured for various levels of general liability, employee medical insurance coverage and workers' compensation coverage. self‐insurance reserves are estimated based on the company's claims experience and are included in accrued other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
51
loyalty program we offer programs whereby our participating patrons can accumulate points for wagering that can be redeemed for credits for free play on slot machines, lodging, food and beverage, merchandise and in limited situations, cash. based upon the estimated redemptions of loyalty program points, an estimated liability is established for the cost of redemption on earned but unredeemed points. the estimated cost of redemption utilizes estimates and assumptions of the mix of the various product offerings for which the points will be redeemed and costs of such product offerings. changes in the programs, membership levels and redemption patterns of our participating patrons can impact this liability.
litigation, claims and assessments we utilize estimates for litigation, claims and assessments. these estimates are based on our knowledge and experience regarding current and past events, as well as assumptions about future events. if our assessment of such a matter should change, we may have to change the estimates, which may have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. actual results could differ from these estimates.
recently issued accounting pronouncements in may 2014 (amended january 2017), the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014‐09, "revenue from contracts with customers," which provides guidance for revenue recognition. the new standard outlines a single comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers and eliminates existing industry guidance, including revenue recognition guidance specific to the gaming industry. the fasb has also recently issued several amendments to the standard, including narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients (asu 2016-12) and clarification on accounting for and identifying performance obligations (asu 2016-10). the core principle of the revenue model indicates that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the standard is designed to create greater comparability for financial statement users across industries and jurisdictions and also requires enhanced disclosures. the guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017, and should be applied using the full retrospective method or retrospectively with the cumulative effect initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application. while early adoption is permitted for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2016, we anticipate adopting this standard on january 1, 2018. we are currently in the process of evaluating the full impact adoption of asu 2014‐09 (as amended) will have on our consolidated financial statements; however, we anticipate this new standard will likely have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we expect the most significant effect upon adoption of asu 2014-09 (as amended) will likely be related to 1) the accounting for our customer loyalty program (no longer be recorded at cost, and a deferred revenue model will likely be used to account for the classification and timing of revenue recognized as well as the classification of related expenses for loyalty point redemptions) and 2) the elimination of promotional allowances (the presentation of goods and services provided to our customers without charge, included in gross revenue with a corresponding reduction in promotional allowances, will no longer be reported as revenue and will be recognized based on relative standalone selling prices for transactions with more than one performance obligation). as a result, we expect that gaming revenues will be reduced with a corresponding increase, in total, to food and beverage, hotel, and other revenues. given our evaluation process is ongoing, the quantitative effects of these changes have not yet been fully determined and are still being analyzed. additionally, as we continue through our process, further impacts to our financial statements may be identified and we will provide updates in our upcoming quarterly filings.
in january 2017, the fasb issued accounting standards update asu no. 2017-04, "intangibles - goodwill and other: simplifying the test for goodwill impairment." this amended guidance is intended to simplify how an entity is required to test goodwill for impairment by eliminating step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. step 2 measures goodwill impairment loss by comparing the implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. under the amended guidance, an entity should perform its annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount. the elimination of step 2 from the goodwill impairment test should reduce the cost and complexity of evaluating goodwill for impairment. amendments should be applied on a prospective basis disclosing the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle upon transition. disclosure should be provided in the first annual period and in the interim period in which the entity initially adopts the amendments. updated amendments are effective for the interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2019, and early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact and timing of adopting this guidance, but anticipate early adoption in 2017.
52
in january 2017, the fasb issued asu no. 2017-01, "business combinations - clarifying the definition of a business." this amendment is intended to clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisition (or disposals) of assets or businesses. amendments in this update provide a more robust framework to use in determining when a set of assets and activities is a business and to provide more consistency in applying the guidance, reduce the costs of application, and make the definition of a business more operable. the amendments are effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is allowed as follows: (1) transactions for which acquisition date occurs before the issuance date or effective date of the amendments, only when the transaction has not been reported in financial statements that have been issued or made available for issuance and (2) transactions in which a subsidiary is deconsolidated or a group of assets is derecognized that occur before the issuance date or effective date of the amendments, only when the transaction has not been reported in financial statements that have been issued or made available for issuance. the adoption will result in future acquisitions which do not involve substantive processes being accounted for as asset acquisitions.
in november 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-18, "statement of cash flows - restricted cash." this guidance requires that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash and cash equivalents. the amendments in this update are effective for the interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. we currently anticipate adopting this accounting standard during the first quarter of 2018 and we are still evaluating the impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in august 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-15, "classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments." this new guidance is intended to reduce diversity in practice in how certain cash receipts and payments are classified in the statement of cash flows, including debt prepayment or extinguishment costs, the settlement of contingent liabilities arising from a business combination, proceeds from insurance settlements, and distributions from certain equity method investees. the guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017, and early adoption is permitted. the guidance requires application using a retrospective transition method. we are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
in june 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-13, "accounting for credit losses," which amends the guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. this update adds an impairment model (known as the current expected credit losses model) that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. under the new guidance, an entity recognizes, as an allowance, its estimate of expected credit losses. the effective date for this update is for the annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2019 and early adoption is permitted beginning after december 15, 2018. we are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-09, "compensation-stock compensation." this asu includes multiple provisions intended to simplify various aspects of the accounting for share-based payments. these areas include income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or a liability, and classification on the statement of cash flow. the effective date is for annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. we elected to early adopt this asu prospectively in the first quarter of 2016. under the new guidance, we recognized a reduction in income tax expense of $0.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. there were no excess tax benefits for the year ended december 31, 2015.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02 which addresses the recognition and measurement of leases. under the new guidance, for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases), at the commencement date, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis, and a right-of-use ("rou") asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. further, the new lease guidance simplifies the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and liabilities, which no longer provides a source for off balance sheet financing. the effective date for this update is for the annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the consolidated financial statements.
53
currently, we do not have any material capital leases nor any material operating leases where we are the lessor. our operating leases, primarily relating to certain ground leases and slot machines or video lottery terminals (vlts), will be recorded on the balance sheet as an rou asset with a corresponding lease liability, which will be amortized using the effective interest rate method as payments are made. the rou asset will be depreciated on a straight-line basis and recognized as lease expense. the qualitative and quantitative effects of adoption of asu 2016-02 are still being analyzed, and we are in the process of evaluating the full effect the new guidance will have on our consolidated financial statements.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-16, business combinations (topic 805): simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. this asu eliminates the requirement that an acquirer in a business combination account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. instead, an acquirer will recognize a measurement-period adjustment during the period in which it determines the amount of the adjustment. we adopted this guidance during the first quarter of 2016 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2016.
in july 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-11, "simplifying the measurement of inventory," which requires that inventory within the scope of asu 2015-11 be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. inventory measured using last-in, first-out (lifo) and the retail inventory method are not impacted by the new guidance. asu 2015-11 applies to all other inventory, which includes inventory that is measured using first-in, first-out (fifo) or average cost. an entity should measure inventory within the scope of asu 2015-11 at the lower of cost and net realizable value. net realizable value is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. asu 2015-11 is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2016. early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact on our consolidated financial statements and disclosures.
in january 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015‐01, "income statement-extraordinary and unusual items" (subtopic 225‐20) which eliminates the concept of accounting of extraordinary items, previously defined as items that are both unusual and infrequent, which were reported as a separate item on the income statement, net of tax, after income from continuing operations. the elimination of this concept is intended to simplify accounting for unusual items and more closely align with international accounting practices. this amendment was effective for annual periods ending after december 15, 2015 and for subsequent interim and annual periods thereafter. as of december 31, 2016, we adopted this guidance which had no impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in august 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014‐15, "presentation of financial statements-going concern" (subtopic 205‐40) which amends the current guidance in asc topic 205 by adding subtopic 40. subtopic 40 requires management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events that in aggregate would raise substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the date the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. if substantial doubt existed, management would be required to make certain disclosures related to nature of the substantial doubt and under certain circumstances, how that substantial doubt would be mitigated. this amendment is effective for annual periods ending after december 15, 2016 and for subsequent interim and annual periods thereafter. as of december 31, 2016, we adopted this guidance and based on our evaluation no conditions and events that could raise substantial doubt about the company's ability to continue as a going concern were known.
in june 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-12, compensation - stock compensation with respect to performance share awards. this accounting standards update requires that a performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be treated as a performance condition. as such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant date fair value of the award. this update further clarifies that compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period or periods for which the requisite service has already been rendered. the effective date for this update was for the annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2015, and we applied this guidance in the accompanying consolidated financial statements effective january 1, 2016. adoption of this accounting standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
