item 1a: risk factors risk governance we use a multi-faceted approach to risk governance. it begins with the board of directors defining our risk appetite as aggregate moderate-to-low. this does not preclude engagement in select higher risk activities. rather, the definition is intended to represent an aggregate view of where we want our overall risk to be managed.
three board committees primarily oversee implementation of this desired risk appetite and monitoring of our risk profile:
•   the audit committee oversees the integrity of the consolidated financial statements, including policies, procedures, and practices regarding the preparation of financial statements, the financial reporting process, disclosures, and internal control over financial reporting. the audit committee also provides assistance to the board in overseeing the internal audit division and the independent registered public accounting firm's qualifications and independence; compliance with our financial code of ethics for the chief executive officer and senior financial officers; and compliance with corporate securities trading policies.
•   the risk oversight committee assists the board of directors in overseeing management of material risks, the approval and monitoring of the company's capital position and plan supporting our overall aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile, the risk governance structure, compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and determining adherence to the board's stated risk appetite. the committee has oversight responsibility with respect to the full range of inherent risks: market, credit, liquidity, legal, compliance/regulatory, operational, strategic, and reputational. this committee also oversees our capital management and planning process, ensures that the amount and quality of capital are adequate in relation to expected and unexpected risks, and that our capital levels exceed "well-capitalized" requirements.
•   the technology committee assists the board of directors in fulfilling its oversight responsibilities with respect to all technology, cyber security, and third-party risk management strategies and plans. the committee is charged with evaluating huntington's capability to properly perform all technology functions necessary for its business plan, including projected growth, technology capacity, planning, operational execution, product development, and management capacity. the committee provides oversight of technology investments and plans to drive efficiency as well as to meet defined standards for risk, security, and redundancy. the committee oversees the allocation of technology costs and ensures that they are understood by the board of directors. the technology committee monitors and evaluates innovation and technology trends that may affect the company's strategic plans, including monitoring of overall industry trends. the technology committee reviews and provides oversight of the company's continuity and disaster recovery planning and preparedness.
the audit and risk oversight committees routinely hold executive sessions with our key officers engaged in accounting and risk management. on a periodic basis, the two committees meet in joint session to cover matters relevant to both, such as the construct and appropriateness of the acl, which is reviewed quarterly. all directors have access to information provided to each committee and all scheduled meetings are open to all directors.
further, through its compensation committee, the board of directors seeks to ensure its system of rewards is risk-sensitive and aligns the interests of management, creditors, and shareholders. we utilize a variety of compensation-related tools to induce appropriate behavior, including common stock ownership thresholds for the chief executive officer and certain members of senior management, a requirement to hold until retirement or exit from the company, a portion of net shares received upon exercise of stock options or release of restricted stock awards (50% for executive officers and 25% for other award recipients), equity deferrals, recoupment provisions, and the right to terminate compensation plans at any time.
management has implemented an enterprise risk management and risk appetite framework. critically important is our self-assessment process, in which each business segment produces an analysis of its risks and the strength of its risk controls. the segment analyses are combined with assessments by our risk management organization of major risk sectors (e.g., credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, compliance, reputational, and strategic) to produce an overall enterprise risk assessment. outcomes of the process include a determination of the quality of the overall control process, the direction of risk, and our position compared to the defined risk appetite.
management also utilizes a wide series of metrics (key risk indicators) to monitor risk positions throughout the company. in general, a range for each metric is established, which allows the company, in aggregate, to operate within an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. deviations from the range will indicate if the risk being measured exceeds desired tolerance, which may then necessitate corrective action.
we also have four executive level committees to manage risk: alco, credit policy and strategy, risk management, and capital management. each committee focuses on specific categories of risk and is supported by a series of subcommittees that are tactical in nature. we believe this structure helps ensure appropriate escalation of issues and overall communication of strategies.
17
huntington utilizes three lines of defense with regard to risk management: (1) business segments, (2) corporate risk management, and (3) internal audit and credit review. to induce greater ownership of risk within its business segments, segment risk officers have been embedded in the business to identify and monitor risk, elevate and remediate issues, establish controls, perform self-testing, and oversee the self-assessment process. corporate risk management establishes policies, sets operating limits, reviews new or modified products/processes, ensures consistency and quality assurance within the segments, and produces the enterprise risk assessment. the chief risk officer has significant input into the design and outcome of incentive compensation plans as they apply to risk. internal audit and credit review provide additional assurance that risk-related functions are operating as intended.
risk overview we, like other financial companies, are subject to a number of risks that may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations, many of which are outside of our direct control, though efforts are made to manage those risks while optimizing returns. among the risks assumed are:
•credit risk, which is the risk of loss due to loan and lease customers or other counterparties not being able to meet their financial obligations under agreed upon terms;
•market risk, which occurs when fluctuations in interest rates impact earnings and capital. financial impacts are realized through changes in the interest rates of balance sheet assets and liabilities (net interest margin) or directly through valuation changes of capitalized msr and/or trading assets (noninterest income);
•liquidity risk, which is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from an inability to meet obligations when they come due. liquidity risk includes the inability to access funding sources or manage fluctuations in funding levels. liquidity risk also results from the failure to recognize or address changes in market conditions that affect the bank's ability to liquidate assets quickly and with minimal loss in value;
•operational and legal risk, which is the risk of loss arising from inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors or misconduct, or adverse external events. operational losses result from internal fraud; external fraud, inadequate or inappropriate employment practices and workplace safety, failure to meet professional obligations involving customers, products, and business practices, damage to physical assets, business disruption and systems failures, and failures in execution, delivery, and process management.  legal risk includes, but is not limited to, exposure to orders, fines, penalties, or punitive damages resulting from litigation, as well as regulatory actions;
•compliance risk, which exposes us to money penalties, enforcement actions or other sanctions as a result of non-conformance with laws, rules, and regulations that apply to the financial services industry; and
•strategic risk, which is defined as risk to current or anticipated earnings, capital, or enterprise value arising from adverse business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions or lack of responsiveness to industry / market changes.
we also expend considerable effort to protect our reputation. reputation risk does not easily lend itself to traditional methods of measurement. rather, we closely monitor it through processes such as new product / initiative reviews, colleague and client surveys, monitoring media tone, periodic discussions between management and our board, and other such efforts.
in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference into this report, readers should carefully consider that the following important factors, among others, could negatively impact our business, future results of operations, and future cash flows materially.
credit risks:
1. our acl level may prove to be inappropriate or be negatively affected by credit risk exposures which could adversely affect our net income and capital.
our business depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. our acl of $736 million at december 31, 2016, represented management's estimate of probable losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio as well as our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. we regularly review our acl for appropriateness. in doing so, we consider economic conditions and trends, collateral values, and credit quality indicators, such as past charge-off experience, levels of past due loans, and npas. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially decreases, if the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, regulatory review of risk ratings and loan and lease losses may impact the level of the acl and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
18
2. weakness in economic conditions could adversely affect our business.
our performance could be negatively affected to the extent there is deterioration in business and economic conditions which have direct or indirect material adverse impacts on us, our customers, and our counterparties. these conditions could result in one or more of the following:
•   a decrease in the demand for loans and other products and services offered by us;
•   a decrease in customer savings generally and in the demand for savings and investment products offered by us; and
•   an increase in the number of customers and counterparties who become delinquent, file for protection under bankruptcy laws, or default on their loans or other obligations to us.
an increase in the number of delinquencies, bankruptcies, or defaults could result in a higher level of npas, ncos, provision for credit losses, and valuation adjustments on loans held for sale. the markets we serve are dependent on industrial and manufacturing businesses and, thus, are particularly vulnerable to adverse changes in economic conditions affecting these sectors.
market risks:
1. changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income, reduce transactional income, and negatively impact the value of our loans, securities, and other assets. this could have an adverse impact on our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations, and capital.
our results of operations depend substantially on net interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on interest earning assets (such as investments and loans) and interest paid on interest bearing liabilities (such as deposits and borrowings). interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies and domestic and international economic and political conditions. conditions such as inflation, deflation, recession, unemployment, money supply, and other factors beyond our control may also affect interest rates. if our interest earning assets mature or reprice faster than interest bearing liabilities in a declining interest rate environment, net interest income could be materially adversely impacted. likewise, if interest bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than interest earning assets in a rising interest rate environment, net interest income could be adversely impacted.
changes in interest rates can affect the value of loans, securities, assets under management, and other assets, including mortgage and nonmortgage servicing rights. an increase in interest rates that adversely affects the ability of borrowers to pay the principal or interest on loans and leases may lead to an increase in npas and a reduction of income recognized, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. when we place a loan on nonaccrual status, we reverse any accrued but unpaid interest receivable, which decreases interest income. however, we continue to incur interest expense as a cost of funding nals without any corresponding interest income. in addition, transactional income, including trust income, brokerage income, and gain on sales of loans can vary significantly from period-to-period based on a number of factors, including the interest rate environment. a decline in interest rates along with a flattening yield curve limits our ability to reprice deposits given the current historically low level of interest rates and could result in declining net interest margins if longer duration assets reprice faster than deposits.
rising interest rates reduce the value of our fixed-rate securities and cash flow hedging derivatives portfolio. any unrealized loss from these portfolios impacts oci, shareholders' equity, and the tangible common equity ratio. any realized loss from these portfolios impacts regulatory capital ratios. in a rising interest rate environment, pension and other post-retirement obligations somewhat mitigate negative oci impacts from securities and financial instruments. for more information, refer to "market risk" of the md&a.
certain investment securities, notably mortgage-backed securities, are very sensitive to rising and falling rates. generally, when rates rise, prepayments of principal and interest will decrease and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will increase. conversely, when rates fall, prepayments of principal and interest will increase and the duration of mortgage-backed securities will decrease. in either case, interest rates have a significant impact on the value of mortgage-backed securities.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates, as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise.
in addition to volatility associated with interest rates, the company also has exposure to equity markets related to the investments within the benefit plans and other income from client based transactions.
19
2. industry competition may have an adverse effect on our success.
our profitability depends on our ability to compete successfully. we operate in a highly competitive environment, and we expect competition to intensify. certain of our competitors are larger and have more resources than we do, enabling them to be more aggressive than us in competing for loans and deposits. in our market areas, we face competition from other banks and financial service companies that offer similar services. some of our non-bank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations we are and, therefore, may have greater flexibility in competing for business. our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including customer convenience, quality of service by investing in new products and services, personal contacts, pricing, and range of products. if we are unable to successfully compete for new customers and retain our current customers, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. in particular, if we experience an outflow of deposits as a result of our customers seeking investments with higher yields or greater financial stability, or a desire to do business with our competitors, we may be forced to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to operate our business and meet withdrawal demands, thereby adversely affecting our net interest margin.  for more information, refer to "competition" section of item 1: business.
liquidity risks:
1. changes in either huntington's financial condition or in the general banking industry could result in a loss of depositor confidence.
liquidity is the ability to meet cash flow needs on a timely basis at a reasonable cost. the bank uses its liquidity to extend credit and to repay liabilities as they become due or as demanded by customers. the board of directors establishes liquidity policies, including contingency funding plans, and limits and management establishes operating guidelines for liquidity.
our primary source of liquidity is our large supply of deposits from consumer and commercial customers. the continued availability of this supply depends on customer willingness to maintain deposit balances with banks in general and us in particular. the availability of deposits can also be impacted by regulatory changes (e.g. changes in fdic insurance, the liquidity coverage ratio, etc.), and other events which can impact the perceived safety or economic benefits of bank deposits. while we make significant efforts to consider and plan for hypothetical disruptions in our deposit funding, market related, geopolitical, or other events could impact the liquidity derived from deposits.
2. we are a holding company and depend on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds.
huntington is an entity separate and distinct from the bank. the bank conducts most of our operations and huntington depends upon dividends from the bank to service huntington's debt and to pay dividends to huntington's shareholders. the availability of dividends from the bank is limited by various statutes and regulations. it is possible, depending upon the financial condition including liquidity and capital adequacy of the bank and other factors, that the occ could limit the payment of dividends or other payments by the bank. in addition, the payment of dividends by our other subsidiaries is also subject to the laws of the subsidiary's state of incorporation, and regulatory capital and liquidity requirements applicable to such subsidiaries. in the event that the bank was unable to pay dividends to us, we in turn would likely have to reduce or stop paying dividends on our preferred and common stock. our failure to pay dividends on our preferred and common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. additional information regarding dividend restrictions is provided in item 1. regulatory matters.
3. if we lose access to capital markets, we may not be able to meet the cash flow requirements of our depositors, creditors, and borrowers, or have the operating cash needed to fund corporate expansion and other corporate activities.
wholesale funding sources include securitization, federal funds purchased, securities sold under repurchase agreements, non-core deposits, and long-term debt. the bank is also a member of the federal home loan bank of cincinnati, which provides members access to funding through advances collateralized with mortgage-related assets. we maintain a portfolio of highly-rated, marketable securities that is available as a source of liquidity.
capital markets disruptions can directly impact the liquidity of huntington and the bank. the inability to access capital markets funding sources as needed could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and level of regulatory-qualifying capital. we may, from time-to-time, consider using our existing liquidity position to opportunistically retire outstanding securities in privately negotiated or open market transactions.
20
4. a reduction in our credit rating could adversely affect our ability to raise funds including capital, and/or the holders of our securities.
the credit rating agencies regularly evaluate huntington and the bank, and credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and ability to generate earnings, as well as factors not entirely within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry, the economy, and changes in rating methodologies. there can be no assurance that we will maintain our current credit ratings. a downgrade of the credit ratings of huntington or the bank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and capital, and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us or purchase our securities. this could affect our growth, profitability and financial condition, including liquidity.
operational and legal risks:
1. we face security risks, including denial of service attacks, hacking, social engineering attacks targeting our colleagues and customers, malware intrusion or data corruption attempts, and identity theft that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure.
our computer systems and network infrastructure are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, such as denial of service attacks, hacking, terrorist activities or identity theft. financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. denial of service attacks have been launched against a number of large financial services institutions, including us. none of these events against us resulted in a breach of our client data or account information; however, the performance of our website, www.huntington.com, was adversely affected, and in some instances customers were prevented from accessing our website. we expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. while events to date primarily resulted in inconvenience, future cyber-attacks could be more disruptive and damaging. hacking and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss.
despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches of these types, nor may we be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches. persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. the techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently, may not be recognized until launched and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including outside groups such as external service providers, organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. these risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications.
even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. targeted social engineering attacks and "spear phishing" attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. the successful social engineer will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients.
a successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of operations, misappropriation of confidential information, or damage to our computers or systems or those of our customers and counterparties. a successful security breach could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, significant litigation exposure, and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the company.
2. the resolution of significant pending litigation, if unfavorable, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations for a particular period.
we face legal risks in our businesses, and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain high. substantial legal liability against us could have material adverse financial effects or cause significant reputational harm to us, which in turn could seriously harm our business prospects. it is possible that the ultimate resolution of these matters, if unfavorable, may be material to the results of operations for a particular reporting period.
note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements updates the status of certain material litigation including litigation related to the bankruptcy of cyberco holdings, inc.
21
3. we face significant operational risks which could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and capital markets.
we are exposed to many types of operational risks, including the risk of fraud or theft by colleagues or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by colleagues or outsiders, operational errors by colleagues, business disruption, and system failures. huntington executes against a significant number of controls, a large percent of which are manual and dependent on adequate execution by colleagues and third-party service providers. there is inherent risk that unknown single points of failure through the execution chain could give rise to material loss through inadvertent errors or malicious attack. these operational risks could lead to financial loss, expensive litigation, and loss of confidence by our customers, regulators, and the capital markets.
moreover, negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including clients, products and business practices; corporate governance; acquisitions; and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers and can also expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
relative to acquisitions, we incur risks and challenges associated with the integration of employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms from acquired businesses and institutions in a timely and efficient manner, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful in retaining existing customer relationships or achieving anticipated operating efficiencies expected from such acquisitions.  acquisitions may be subject to the receipt of approvals from certain governmental authorities, including the federal reserve, the occ, and the united states department of justice, as well as the approval of our shareholders and the shareholders of companies that we seek to acquire. these approvals for acquisitions may not be received, may take longer than expected, or may impose conditions that are not presently anticipated or that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisitions. subject to requisite regulatory approvals, future business acquisitions may result in the issuance and payment of additional shares of stock, which would dilute current shareholders' ownership interests.  additionally, acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. therefore, dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction.
4. failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could impair our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results or prevent fraud, resulting in loss of investor confidence and adversely affecting our business and our stock price.
effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. we are subject to regulation that focuses on effective internal controls and procedures. such controls and procedures are modified, supplemented, and changed from time-to-time as necessitated by our growth and in reaction to external events and developments. any failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could impact our ability to report our financial results on an accurate and timely basis, which could result in regulatory actions, loss of investor confidence, and an adverse impact on our business and our stock price.
5. we rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values.
quantitative models may be used to help manage certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including estimating probable loan losses, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the ccar capital planning and capital adequacy process). our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, and correlations. these assumptions may not capture or fully incorporate conditions leading to losses, particularly in times of market distress, and the historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. even if the underlying assumptions and historical correlations used in our models are adequate, our models may be deficient due to errors in computer code, inaccurate data, misuse of data, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model's design.
all models have certain limitations. reliance on models presents the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporated from models will be adversely affected due to incorrect, missing, or misleading information. in addition, our models may not capture or fully express the risks we face, may suggest that we have sufficient capitalization when we do not, or may lead us to misjudge the business and economic environment in which we will operate. if our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable. also, information that we provide to the public or regulators based on poorly designed models could be inaccurate or misleading.
banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. some of our decisions that the regulators evaluate, including distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient.
22
6. we rely on third parties to provide key components of our business infrastructure.
we rely on third-party service providers to leverage subject matter expertise and industry best practice, provide enhanced products and services, and reduce costs. although there are benefits in entering into third-party relationships with vendors and others, there are risks associated with such activities. when entering a third-party relationship, the risks associated with that activity are not passed to the third-party but remain our responsibility. the technology committee of the board of directors provides oversight related to the overall risk management process associated with third-party relationships. management is accountable for the review and evaluation of all new and existing third-party relationships. management is responsible for ensuring that adequate controls are in place to protect us and our customers from the risks associated with vendor relationships.
increased risk could occur based on poor planning, oversight, control, and inferior performance or service on the part of the third-party, and may result in legal costs or loss of business. while we have implemented a vendor management program to actively manage the risks associated with the use of third-party service providers, any problems caused by third-party service providers could adversely affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers and to conduct our business. replacing a third-party service provider could also take a long period of time and result in increased expenses.
7. changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations.
the fasb, regulatory agencies, and other bodies that establish accounting standards periodically change the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of our financial statements. additionally, those bodies that establish and interpret the accounting standards (such as the fasb, sec, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations.
for further discussion, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
8. impairment of goodwill could require charges to earnings, which could result in a negative impact on our results of operations.
our goodwill could become impaired in the future. if goodwill were to become impaired, it could limit the ability of the bank to pay dividends to huntington bancshares incorporated, adversely impacting huntington bancshares incorporated's liquidity and ability to pay dividends or repay debt. the most significant assumptions affecting our goodwill impairment evaluation are variables including the market price of our common stock, projections of earnings, and the control premium above our current stock price that an acquirer would pay to obtain control of us. we are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. if an impairment determination is made in a future reporting period, our earnings and book value of goodwill will be reduced by the amount of the impairment. if an impairment loss is recorded, it will have little or no impact on the tangible book value of our common stock, or our regulatory capital levels, but such an impairment loss could significantly reduce the bank's earnings and thereby restrict the bank's ability to make dividend payments to us without prior regulatory approval, because federal reserve policy states the bank holding company dividends should be paid from current earnings. at december 31, 2016, the book value of our goodwill was $2.0 billion, all of which was recorded at the bank. any such write down of goodwill or other acquisition related intangibles will reduce huntington's earnings, as well.
9. negative publicity could damage our reputation and could significantly harm our business.
our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and highly-skilled management and employees is affected by our reputation. public perception of the financial services industry in general was damaged as a result of the credit crisis that started in 2008. we face increased public and regulatory scrutiny resulting from the credit crisis and economic downturn. significant harm to our reputation can also arise from other sources, including employee misconduct, actual or perceived unethical behavior, conflicts of interest, litigation, gse or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, failing to address customer and agency complaints, compliance failures, unauthorized release of confidential information due to cyber-attacks or otherwise, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors. actions by the financial service industry generally or by institutions or individuals in the industry can adversely affect our reputation, indirectly by association. all of these could adversely affect our growth, results of operation and financial condition.
23
compliance risks:
1. bank regulations regarding capital and liquidity, including the annual ccar assessment process and the basel iii capital and liquidity standards, could require higher levels of capital and liquidity. among other things, these regulations could impact our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase common stock, attract cost-effective sources of deposits, or require the retention of higher amounts of low yielding securities.
the federal reserve administers the annual ccar, an assessment of the capital adequacy of bank holding companies with consolidated assets of $50 billion or more and of the practices used by covered banks to assess capital needs. under ccar, the federal reserve makes a qualitative assessment of capital adequacy on a forward-looking basis and reviews the strength of a bank holding company's capital adequacy process. the federal reserve also makes a quantitative assessment of capital based on supervisory-run stress tests that assess the ability to maintain capital levels above each minimum regulatory capital ratio and above a cet1 ratio of 4.5%, after making all capital actions included in a bank holding company's capital plan, under baseline and stressful conditions throughout a nine-quarter planning horizon. capital plans for 2017 are required to be submitted by april 5, 2017, and the federal reserve will either object to the capital plan and/or planned capital actions, or provide a notice of non-objection, no later than june 30, 2017. we intend to submit our capital plan to the federal reserve on or before april 5, 2017. the bank also must submit a capital plan to the occ on or before april 5, 2017. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve will respond favorably to our capital plan, capital actions or stress test and the federal reserve, occ, or other regulatory capital requirements may limit or otherwise restrict how we utilize our capital, including common stock dividends and stock repurchases.
in 2013, the federal reserve and the occ adopted final rules to implement the basel iii capital rules for u.s. banking organizations. the final rules establish an integrated regulatory capital framework and will implement in the united states the basel iii regulatory capital reforms from the basel committee on banking supervision and certain changes required by the dodd-frank act. under the final rule, minimum requirements will increase for both the quantity and quality of capital held by banking organizations. as a standardized approach institution, the basel iii minimum capital requirements became effective for us on january 1, 2015, and will be fully phased-in on january 1, 2019.
on september 3, 2014, the u.s. banking regulators approved a final rule to implement a minimum lcr requirement for banking organizations with total consolidated assets of $250 billion or more, and a less stringent modified lcr requirement to depository institution holding companies below the threshold but with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more. the lcr requires covered banking organizations to maintain hqla equal to projected stressed cash outflows over a 30 calendar-day stress scenario. we are covered by the modified lcr requirement and therefore subject to the phase-in of the rule which, as of january 2017, is at 100%. we will also be required to calculate the lcr monthly. the lcr assigns less severe outflow assumptions to certain types of customer deposits, which should increase the demand, and perhaps the cost, among banks for these deposits. additionally, the hqla requirements will increase the demand for direct us government and us government- guaranteed debt that, while high quality, generally carry lower yields than other securities that banks hold in their investment portfolios.
2. if our regulators deem it appropriate, they can take regulatory actions that could result in a material adverse impact on our financial results, ability to compete for new business, or preclude mergers or acquisitions. in addition, regulatory actions could constrain our ability to fund our liquidity needs or pay dividends. any of these actions could increase the cost of our services.
we are subject to the supervision and regulation of various state and federal regulators, including the occ, federal reserve, fdic, sec, cfpb, financial industry regulatory authority, and various state regulatory agencies. as such, we are subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations, many of which are discussed in item 1. regulatory matters. as part of their supervisory process, which includes periodic examinations and continuous monitoring, the regulators have the authority to impose restrictions or conditions on our activities and the manner in which we manage the organization. such actions could negatively impact us in a variety of ways, including charging monetary fines, impacting our ability to pay dividends, precluding mergers or acquisitions, limiting our ability to offer certain products or services, or imposing additional capital requirements.
under the supervision of the cfpb, our consumer products and services are subject to increasing regulatory oversight and scrutiny with respect to compliance under consumer laws and regulations. we may face a greater number or wider scope of investigations, enforcement actions, and litigation in the future related to consumer practices, thereby increasing costs associated with responding to or defending such actions. in addition, increased regulatory inquiries and investigations, as well as any additional legislative or regulatory developments affecting our consumer businesses, and any required changes to our business operations resulting from these developments, could result in significant loss of revenue, require remuneration to our customers, trigger fines or penalties, limit the products or services we offer, require us to increase our prices and, therefore, reduce demand for our products, impose additional compliance costs on us, cause harm to our reputation, or otherwise adversely affect our consumer businesses.
24
3. legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future that impact the financial industry may materially adversely affect us by increasing our costs, adding complexity in doing business, impeding the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impacting the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, requiring us to increase our regulatory capital, limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities, and otherwise resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operation, liquidity, or stock price.
the dodd-frank act was a comprehensive overhaul of the financial services industry within the united states, established the cfpb, and required the cfpb and other federal agencies to implement many new and significant rules and regulations. compliance with these new laws and regulations have and will continue to result in additional costs, which could be significant, and may have a material and adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, if we do not appropriately comply with current or future legislation and regulations that apply to our consumer operations, we may be subject to fines, penalties or judgments, or material regulatory restrictions on our businesses, which could adversely affect operations and, in turn, financial results.
4. we may become subject to more stringent regulatory requirements and activity restrictions if the federal reserve and fdic determine that our resolution plan is not credible.
the dodd-frank act and implementing regulations jointly issued by federal reserve and the fdic require bank holding companies with more than $50 billion in assets to annually submit a resolution plan to the federal reserve and the fdic that, in the event of material financial distress or failure, establish the rapid, orderly resolution of the company under the u.s. bankruptcy code. if the federal reserve and the fdic jointly determine that our 2015 resolution plan is not "credible," we could become subjected to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements or restrictions, or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations, and could eventually be required to divest certain assets or operations in ways that could negatively impact its operations and strategy.
5. our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected if we lose our financial holding company status.
in order for us to maintain our status as a financial holding company, we and the bank must remain "well capitalized," and "well managed." if we or our bank cease to meet the requirements necessary for us to continue to qualify as a financial holding company, the federal reserve may impose upon us corrective capital and managerial requirements, and may place limitations on our ability to conduct all of the business activities that we conduct as a financial holding company. if the failure to meet these standards persists, we could be required to divest our bank, or cease all activities other than those activities that may be conducted by bank holding companies that are not financial holding companies. in addition, our ability to commence or engage in certain activities as a financial holding company will be restricted if the bank fails to maintain at least a "satisfactory" rating on its most recent community reinvestment act examination.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction this md&a provides information we believe necessary for understanding our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements, notes to consolidated financial statements, and other information contained in this report. the forward-looking statements in this section and other parts of this report involve assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors, including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption "forward-looking statements" and those set forth in item 1a.
executive overview business combinations on august 16, 2016, huntington completed its acquisition of firstmerit corporation in a stock and cash transaction valued at approximately $3.7 billion. firstmerit corporation was a diversified financial services company headquartered in akron, ohio, with operations in ohio, michigan, wisconsin, illinois and pennsylvania. post acquisition, huntington now operates across an eight-state midwestern footprint. the acquisition resulted in a combined company with a larger market presence and more diversified loan portfolio, as well as a larger core deposit funding base and economies of scale associated with a larger financial institution. for further discussion, see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
2016 financial performance review in 2016, we reported net income of $712 million, a 3% increase from the prior year. earnings per common share on a diluted basis for the year was $0.70, down 14% from the prior year. reported net income was impacted by firstmerit acquisition related expenses totaling $282 million pre-tax, or $0.20 per common share and a reduction to the litigation reserve totaling $42 million pre-tax, or $0.03 per common share.
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income was $2.4 billion, up $0.4 billion, or 22%. this reflected the impact of 21% earning asset growth, 22% interest-bearing liability growth, and a 1 basis point increase in the nim to 3.16%. the average earning asset growth included an $8.8 billion, or 18%, increase in average loans and leases and a $4.1 billion, or 30%, increase in average securities, both of which were impacted by the firstmerit acquisition. the net interest margin expansion reflected a 9 basis point positive impact from the mix and yield on earning assets, a 3 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by an 11 basis point increase in funding costs.
the provision for credit losses was $191 million, up $91 million, or 91%. the higher provision expense was due to several factors, including the migration of the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio, and the corresponding reserve build, portfolio growth and transitioning the firstmerit portfolio to huntington's reserving methodology. net charge-offs represented an annualized 0.19% of average loans and leases, which remains below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points.
noninterest income was $1.1 billion, up $111 million, or 11%. service charges on deposit accounts increased $44 million, or 16%, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition. in addition, cards and payment processing income increased $26 million, or 18%, due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth. also, mortgage banking income increased $16 million, or 15%, reflecting a 24% increase in mortgage origination volume. finally, gain on sale of loans increased $14 million, or 43%, primarily reflecting an increase of $6 million in sba loan sales gains and the $7 million gains on non-relationship c&i and cre loan sales, both of which were related to the balance sheet optimization strategy completed in the 2016 fourth quarter.
noninterest expense was $2.4 billion, up $433 million, or 22%. reported noninterest expense was impacted by firstmerit acquisition-related expenses totaling $282 million. personnel costs increased $227 million, or 20%, primarily reflecting $76 million of acquisition-related expense and a 31% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees largely related to the in-store branch expansion and the addition of colleagues from firstmerit. in addition, outside data processing and other services, professional services, equipment expense, and net occupancy expense all increased as a result of acquisition-related expenses. also, other expense decreased $17 million, or 8%, primarily reflecting a $42 million reduction to litigation reserves, which was mostly offset by a $40 million contribution in the 2016 fourth quarter to achieve the philanthropic plans related to firstmerit.
30
the tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 7.16%, down 66 basis points. the cet1 risk-based capital ratio was 9.56%, down 23 basis points. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 10.92%, up 39 basis points. all capital ratios were impacted by the $1.3 billion of goodwill created and the issuance of $2.8 billion of common stock as part of the firstmerit acquisition. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based and total risk-based capital ratios benefited from the issuance of $600 million of class d preferred equity and separately, the issuance of $100 million of class c preferred equity in exchange for firstmerit preferred equity in conjunction with the acquisition. the total risk-based capital ratio was impacted by the repurchase of $65 million of trust preferred securities. in addition, $5 million of trust preferred securities acquired in the firstmerit acquisition were subsequently redeemed. there were no common shares repurchased during 2016.
business overview general our general business objectives are: (1) grow net interest income and fee income, (2) deliver positive operating leverage, (3) increase primary relationships across all business segments, (4) continue to strengthen risk management, and (5) maintain capital and liquidity positions consistent with our risk appetite. additionally, we are focused on the successful integration of firstmerit in 2017.
economy looking forward into 2017, we are optimistic that improved consumer confidence and jobs growth will translate into overall economic growth in the markets where we do business. operationally, we expect to realize the full financial benefits of integration completion within the second half of the year, meeting our commitment for cost savings. we are driving revenue synergies and organic revenue growth, leveraging our expanded footprint and customer base. we will see minor benefits from the federal reserve's december interest rate action, and any additional rate increases in 2017 would be additive to our bottom line.
legislative and regulatory a comprehensive discussion of legislative and regulatory matters affecting us can be found in the regulatory matters section included in item 1 of this form 10-k.
31
table 2 - selected annual income statements (1)
(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31, change from 2015                                                   change from 2014
2016                                                                                        amount           percent                      2015                  amount          percent   2014
interest income                                            $2,632,113                $517,592               24     %           $2,114,521                $138,059               7     %           $1,976,462
interest expense                                              262,795                  99,011               60                    163,784                  24,463              18                    139,321
net interest income                                         2,369,318                 418,581               21                  1,950,737                 113,596               6                  1,837,141
provision for credit losses                                   190,802                  90,848               91                     99,954                  18,965              23                     80,989
net interest income after provision for credit losses       2,178,516                 327,733               18                  1,850,783                  94,631               5                  1,756,152
service charges on deposit accounts                           324,299                  43,950               16                    280,349                   6,608               2                    273,741
cards and payment processing income                           169,064                  26,349               18                    142,715                  37,314              35                    105,401
mortgage banking income                                       128,257                  16,404               15                    111,853                  26,966              32                     84,887
trust services                                                108,274                   2,441                2                    105,833                 (10,139    )         (9     )              115,972
insurance income                                               64,523                    (741    )          (1     )               65,264                    (209    )          -                     65,473
brokerage income                                               61,834                   1,629                3                     60,205                  (8,072    )        (12     )               68,277
capital markets fees                                           59,527                   5,911               11                     53,616                   9,885              23                     43,731
bank owned life insurance income                               57,567                   5,167               10                     52,400                  (4,648    )         (8     )               57,048
gain on sale of loans                                          47,153                  14,116               43                     33,037                  11,946              57                     21,091
securities gains (losses)                                         (84    )               (828    )        (111     )                  744                 (16,810    )        (96     )               17,554
other income                                                  129,317                  (3,397    )          (3     )              132,714                   6,710               5                    126,004
total noninterest income                                    1,149,731                 111,001               11                  1,038,730                  59,551               6                    979,179
personnel costs                                             1,349,124                 226,942               20                  1,122,182                  73,407               7                  1,048,775
outside data processing and other services                    304,743                  73,390               32                    231,353                  18,767               9                    212,586
equipment                                                     164,839                  39,882               32                    124,957                   5,294               4                    119,663
net occupancy                                                 153,090                  31,209               26                    121,881                  (6,195    )         (5     )              128,076
professional services                                         105,266                  54,975              109                     50,291                  (9,264    )        (16     )               59,555
marketing                                                      62,957                  10,744               21                     52,213                   1,653               3                     50,560
deposit and other insurance expense                            54,107                   9,498               21                     44,609                  (4,435    )         (9     )               49,044
amortization of intangibles                                    30,456                   2,589                9                     27,867                 (11,410    )        (29     )               39,277
other expense                                                 183,903                 (16,652    )          (8     )              200,555                  25,745              15                    174,810
total noninterest expense                                   2,408,485                 432,577               22                  1,975,908                  93,562               5                  1,882,346
income before income taxes                                    919,762                   6,157                1                    913,605                  60,620               7                    852,985
provision for income taxes                                    207,941                 (12,707    )          (6     )              220,648                      55               -                    220,593
net income                                                    711,821                  18,864                3                    692,957                  60,565              10                    632,392
dividends on preferred shares                                  65,274                  33,401              105                     31,873                      19               -                     31,854
net income applicable to common shares                       $646,547                $(14,537    )          (2    )%             $661,084                 $60,546              10     %             $600,538
average common shares-basic                                   904,438                 101,026               13     %              803,412                 (16,505    )         (2    )%              819,917
average common shares-diluted                                 918,790                 101,661               12                    817,129                 (15,952    )         (2     )              833,081
per common share:
net income-basic                                                $0.72                  $(0.10    )         (12    )%                $0.82                   $0.09              12     %                $0.73
net income-diluted                                               0.70                   (0.11    )         (14     )                 0.81                    0.09              13         0.72
cash dividends declared                                          0.29        0.04                           16                       0.25                    0.04              19         0.21
revenue-fte net interest income                                        $2,369,318                $418,581               21     %           $1,950,737                $113,596               6     %           $1,837,141
fte adjustment                                                 42,408                  10,293               32                     32,115                   4,565              17                     27,550
net interest income(2)                                      2,411,726                 428,874               22                  1,982,852                 118,161               6                  1,864,691
noninterest income                                          1,149,731                 111,001               11                  1,038,730                  59,551               6                    979,179
total revenue(2)                                           $3,561,457                $539,875               18     %           $3,021,582                $177,712               6     %           $2,843,870
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to "significant items" in the discussion of results of operations.
(2)   on a fully-taxable equivalent (fte) basis assuming a 35% tax rate.
32
discussion of results of operations this section provides a review of financial performance from a consolidated perspective. it also includes a "significant items" section that summarizes key issues important for a complete understanding of performance trends. key consolidated balance sheet and income statement trends are discussed. all earnings per share data are reported on a diluted basis. for additional insight on financial performance, please read this section in conjunction with the "business segment discussion."
significant items earnings comparisons among the three years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 were impacted by a number of significant items summarized below.
1.   mergers and acquisitions. significant events relating to mergers and acquisitions, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2016, $282 million of noninterest expense and $1 million of noninterest income was recorded related to the acquisition of firstmerit. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.20 per common share in 2016.
•   during 2015, $9 million of noninterest expense was recorded related to the acquisition of macquarie equipment finance, which was rebranded huntington technology finance. also during 2015, $4 million of noninterest expense and $3 million of noninterest income was recorded related to the sale of haa, hasi, and unified. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2015.
•   during 2014, $16 million of net noninterest expense was recorded related to the acquisition of 24 bank of america branches and camco financial. this resulted in a net negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2014.
2.   litigation reserve. significant events relating to our litigation reserve, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2016, a $42 million reduction to litigation reserves was recorded as other noninterest expense. this resulted in a positive impact of $0.03 per common share in 2016.
•   during 2015 and 2014, $38 million and $21 million of net additions to litigation reserves were recorded as other noninterest expense, respectively. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.03 and $0.02 per common share in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
3.   franchise repositioning related expense. significant events relating to franchise repositioning, and the impacts of those events on our reported results, were as follows:
•   during 2015, $8 million of franchise repositioning related expense was recorded. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.01 per common share in 2015.
•   during 2014, $28 million of franchise repositioning related expense was recorded. this resulted in a negative impact of $0.02 per common share in 2014.
33
the following table reflects the earnings impact of the above-mentioned significant items for periods affected by this results of operations discussion:
table 3 - significant items influencing earnings performance comparison
(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)
2016                                                                                          2015                                          2014
amount                  eps (1)               amount                  eps (1)               amount                  eps (1)
net income                                           $711,821                                      $692,957                                      $632,392
earnings per share, after-tax                                                $0.70                                         $0.81                                         $0.72
significant items-favorable (unfavorable) impact:    earnings                eps                   earnings                eps                   earnings                eps mergers and acquisitions, net expenses               $(282,086     )                               $(9,323       )                               $(15,818      )
tax impact                                           94,709                                        3,263                                         5,436
mergers and acquisitions, after-tax                  $(187,377     )         $(0.20      )         $(6,060       )         $(0.01      )         $(10,382      )         $(0.01      )
litigation reserves                                  $41,587                                       $(38,186      )                               $(20,909      )
tax impact                                           (14,888       )                               13,365                                        7,318
litigation reserves, after-tax                       $26,699                 $0.03                 $(24,821      )         $(0.03      )         $(13,591      )         $(0.02      )
franchise repositioning related expense              $-                                            $(7,588       )                               $(27,976      )
tax impact                                           -                                             2,656                                         9,792
franchise repositioning related expense, after-tax   $-                      $-                    $(4,932       )         $(0.01      )         $(18,184      )         $(0.02      )
(1)   based upon the annual average outstanding diluted common shares.
net interest income / average balance sheet our primary source of revenue is net interest income, which is the difference between interest income from earning assets (primarily loans, securities, and direct financing leases), and interest expense of funding sources (primarily interest-bearing deposits and borrowings). earning asset balances and related funding sources, as well as changes in the levels of interest rates, impact net interest income. the difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities is the net interest spread. noninterest-bearing sources of funds, such as demand deposits and shareholders' equity, also support earning assets. the impact of the noninterest-bearing sources of funds, often referred to as "free" funds, is captured in the net interest margin, which is calculated as net interest income divided by average earning assets. both the net interest margin and net interest spread are presented on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, which means that tax-free interest income has been adjusted to a pretax equivalent income, assuming a 35% tax rate.
34
the following table shows changes in fully-taxable equivalent interest income, interest expense, and net interest income due to volume and rate variances for major categories of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities:
table 4 - change in net interest income due to changes in average volume and interest rates (1)
(dollar amounts in millions)
2016                                                                                                                                                                                                              2015
increase (decrease) fromprevious year due to                                       increase (decrease) fromprevious year due to fully-taxable equivalent basis(2)                                    volume                  yield/rate                       total                     volume          yield/rate                               total loans and leases                                              $332.3                       $87.0                      $419.3                     $117.6                 $(35.1        )                   $82.5
investment securities                                          104.7                        (7.0      )                 97.7                       45.8                         3.2                        49.0
other earning assets                                            12.5                        (1.7      )                 10.8                       10.4                         0.7                        11.1
total interest income from earning assets                      449.5                        78.3                       527.8                      173.8                 (31.2         )                   142.6
deposits                                                        16.3                         3.5                        19.8                        5.6                 (9.9          )                    (4.3      )
short-term borrowings                                            0.2                         3.3                         3.5                       (1.6      )                  0.3                        (1.3      )
long-term debt                                                  42.2                        33.5                        75.7                       30.1                 -                                  30.1
total interest expense of interest-bearing liabilities          58.7                        40.3                        99.0                       34.1                 (9.6          )                    24.5
net interest income                                           $390.8                       $38.0                      $428.8                     $139.7                 $(21.6        )                  $118.1
(1)   the change in interest rates due to both rate and volume has been allocated between the factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each.
(2)   calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
table 5 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis (3)
(dollar amounts in millions)
average balances change from 2015                                                  change from 2014
fully-taxable equivalent basis (1)                         2016                  amount           percent                    2015                  amount           percent                    2014
assets interest-bearing deposits in banks                   $100                     $10                11     %               $90                      $5                 6     %               $85
loans held for sale                                 1,054                     400                61                     654                     331               102                     323
available-for-sale and other securities:
taxable                                             9,278                   1,279                16                   7,999                   1,214                18                   6,785
tax-exempt                                          2,716                     641                31                   2,075                     646                45                   1,429
total available-for-sale and other securities      11,994                   1,920                19                  10,074                   1,860                23                   8,214
trading account securities                             67                      21                46                      46                       -                 -                      46
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                 5,693                   2,180                62                   3,513                     (99     )          (3     )             3,612
total securities                                   17,754                   4,121                30                  13,633                   1,761                15                  11,872
loans and leases: (2)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                          23,684                   3,950                20                  19,734                   1,392                 8                  18,342
commercial real estate:
construction                                        1,088                      71                 7                   1,017                     289                40                     728
commercial                                          4,919                     709                17                   4,210                     (61     )          (1     )             4,271
commercial real estate                              6,007                     780                15                   5,227                     228                 5                   4,999
total commercial                                   29,691                   4,730                19                  24,961                   1,620                 7                  23,341
consumer:
automobile loans and leases                        10,540                   1,780                20                   8,760                   1,090                14                   7,670
home equity                                         9,058                     564                 7                   8,494                      99                 1                   8,395
35
residential mortgage                                   6,730                 780            13               5,950                 327             6               5,623
rv and marine finance                                    693                 693             -                   -                   -             -                   -
other consumer                                           742                 261            54                 481                  85            21                 396
total consumer                                        27,763               4,078            17              23,685               1,601             7              22,084
total loans and leases                                57,454               8,808            18              48,646               3,221             7              45,425
allowance for loan and lease losses                     (614   )              (8   )         1                (606   )              32            (5   )            (638   )
net loans and leases                                  56,840               8,800            18              48,040               3,253             7              44,787
total earning assets                                  76,362              13,339            21              63,023               5,318             9              57,705
cash and due from banks                                1,220                  (3   )         -               1,223                 325            36                 898
intangible assets                                      1,359                 656            93                 703                 125            22                 578
all other assets                                       4,727                 510            12               4,217                 276             7               3,941
total assets                                         $83,054             $14,494            21   %         $68,560              $6,076            10   %         $62,484
liabilities and shareholders' equity deposits:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                  $19,045              $2,703            17   %         $16,342              $2,354            17   %         $13,988
demand deposits-interest-bearing                      10,985               4,412            67               6,573                 677            11               5,896
total demand deposits                                 30,030               7,115            31              22,915               3,031            15              19,884
money market deposits                                 19,069                (314   )        (2   )          19,383               1,466             8              17,917
savings and other domestic deposits                    7,981               2,761            53               5,220                 189             4               5,031
core certificates of deposit                           2,300                (303   )       (12   )           2,603                (712   )       (21   )           3,315
total core deposits                                   59,380               9,259            18              50,121               3,974             9              46,147
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more         408                 152            59                 256                  14             6                 242
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds              3,499                 746            27               2,753                 614            29               2,139
deposits in foreign offices                              204                (298   )       (59   )             502                 127            34                 375
total deposits                                        63,491               9,859            18              53,632               4,729            10              48,903
short-term borrowings                                  1,530                 184            14               1,346              (1,415   )       (51   )           2,761
long-term debt                                         8,048               2,463            44               5,585               2,105            60               3,480
total interest-bearing liabilities                    54,024               9,803            22              44,221               3,065             7              41,156
all other liabilities                                  1,594                 133             9               1,461                 391            37               1,070
shareholders' equity                                   8,391               1,855            28               6,536                 266             4               6,270
total liabilities and shareholders' equity           $83,054             $14,494            21   %         $68,560              $6,076            10   %         $62,484
(3)   yield/rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.
table 6 - consolidated average balance sheet and net interest margin analysis (continued) (3)
(dollar amounts in thousands)
interest income / expense                                               average rate (2)
fully-taxable equivalent basis (1)                       2016   2015                        2014                                      2016                 2015                 2014
assets interest-bearing deposits in banks                $443                         $90                        $103                 0.44      %          0.10      %          0.12      %
loans held for sale                             34,480                      23,812                      12,728                 3.27                 3.64                 3.94
securities:
available-for-sale and other securities:
taxable                                        221,782                     202,104                     171,080                 2.39                 2.53                 2.52
tax-exempt                                      90,972                      64,637                      44,562                 3.35                 3.11                 3.12
36
total available-for-sale and other securities            312,754             266,741             215,642      2.61          2.65          2.63
trading account securities                                   284                 493                 421      0.42          1.06          0.92
held-to-maturity securities-taxable                      138,312              86,614              88,724      2.43          2.47          2.46
total securities                                         451,350             353,848             304,787      2.54          2.60          2.57
loans and leases: (2)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                                878,873             700,139             643,484      3.71          3.55          3.51
commercial real estate:
construction                                              40,467              36,956              31,414      3.72          3.63          4.31
commercial                                               175,491             146,526             163,192      3.57          3.48          3.82
commercial real estate                                   215,958             183,482             194,606      3.60          3.51          3.89
total commercial                                       1,094,831             883,621             838,090      3.69          3.54          3.59
consumer:
automobile loans and leases                              350,358             282,379             262,931      3.32          3.22          3.43
home equity                                              381,002             340,342             343,281      4.21          4.01          4.09
residential mortgage                                     244,077             220,678             213,268      3.63          3.71          3.79
rv and marine finance                                     39,243                   -                   -      5.67             -             -
other consumer                                            78,737              41,866              28,824     10.62          8.71          7.30
total consumer                                         1,093,417             885,265             848,304      3.94          3.74          3.84
total loans and leases                                 2,188,248           1,768,886           1,686,394      3.81          3.64          3.71
total earning assets                                  $2,674,521          $2,146,636          $2,004,012      3.50   %      3.41   %      3.47   %
liabilities and shareholders' equity deposits:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing                           $-                  $-                  $-         -   %         -   %         -   %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                          11,278               4,278               2,272      0.10          0.07          0.04
total demand deposits                                     11,278               4,278               2,272      0.04          0.02          0.01
money market deposits                                     45,411              43,406              42,156      0.24          0.22          0.24
savings and other domestic deposits                       15,337               7,340               8,779      0.19          0.14          0.17
core certificates of deposit                              12,961              20,646              26,998      0.56          0.79          0.81
total core deposits                                       84,987              75,670              80,205      0.21          0.22          0.25
other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more           1,624               1,078               1,036      0.40          0.42          0.43
brokered time deposits and negotiable cds                 15,125               4,767               4,728      0.43          0.17          0.22
deposits in foreign offices                                  268                 659                 483      0.13          0.13          0.13
total deposits                                           102,004              82,174              86,452      0.23          0.22          0.25
short-term borrowings                                      5,140               1,584               2,940      0.34          0.12          0.11
long-term debt                                           155,651              80,026              49,929      1.93          1.43          1.43
total interest-bearing liabilities                       262,795             163,784             139,321      0.48          0.37          0.34
net interest income                                   $2,411,726          $1,982,852          $1,864,691
net interest rate spread                                                                                                    3.02          3.04       3.13
impact of noninterest-bearing funds on margin                                                                               0.14          0.11       0.10
net interest margin                                                                                                         3.16   %      3.15   %   3.23   %
37
(1)   fte yields are calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(2)   for purposes of this analysis, nonaccrual loans are reflected in the average balances of loans.
(3)   yield/rates and amounts include the effects of hedge and risk management activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.
2016 vs. 2015
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2016 increased $429 million, or 22%, from 2015. this reflected the impact of 21% earning asset growth, a 1 basis point increase in the nim to 3.16%, partially offset by 22% interest-bearing liability growth.
average earning assets increased $13.3 billion, or 21%, from the prior year, driven by:
•   $4.1 billion, or 30%, increase in average securities, primarily reflecting the firstmerit acquisition, as well as the reinvestment of cash flows and additional investment in lcr level 1 qualifying securities. the 2016 average balance also included $2.1 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments in our commercial segment, up from $1.7 billion in the year-ago period.
•   $4.0 billion, or 20%, increase in average c&amp;i loans and leases was impacted by the firstmerit acquisition. the increase in average c&amp;i loans and leases also reflects organic growth in equipment finance leases, automobile dealer floorplan lending, and corporate banking.
•   $1.8 billion, or 20%, increase in average automobile loans, which reflects continued strength in new and used automobile originations, while maintaining our underwriting consistency and discipline. this increase was also impacted by the firstmerit acquisition and was partially offset by the $1.5 billion auto loan securitization during the 2016 fourth quarter.
average noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased $2.7 billion, or 17%, while average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $9.8 billion, or 22%, primarily reflecting:
•   $4.4 billion, or 67%, increase in average interest-bearing demand deposits.
•   $2.8 billion, or 53%, increase in savings and other domestic deposits, reflecting continued banker focus across all segments on obtaining our customers' full deposit relationship.
•   $2.4 billion, or 44% increase in average long-term debt, reflecting the issuance of $2.0 billion of senior debt during 2016, as well as $0.5 billion of subordinate debt assumed during the acquisition of firstmerit.
the 1 basis point increase in nim primary reflected:
•   9 basis point positive impact from the mix and yield on earning assets, a 3 basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by an 11 basis point increase in funding costs.
2015 vs. 2014
fully-taxable equivalent net interest income for 2015 increased $118 million, or 6%, from 2014. this reflected the impact of 9% earning asset growth, partially offset by 7% interest-bearing liability growth and an 8 basis point decrease in the nim to 3.15%.
average earning assets increased $5.3 billion, or 9%, from the prior year, driven by:
•   $1.8 billion, or 15%, increase in average securities, primarily reflecting additional investment in lcr level 1 qualifying securities. the 2015 average balance also included $1.7 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments originated by our commercial segment, up from $1.0 billion in the year-ago period.
•   $1.4 billion, or 8%, increase in average c&amp;i loans and leases, primarily reflecting the $0.9 billion increase in asset finance, including the $0.8 billion of equipment finance leases acquired in the huntington technology finance transaction at the end of the 2015 first quarter.
•   $1.1 billion, or 14%, increase in average automobile loans, as originations remained strong.
•   $0.3 billion, or 6%, increase in average residential mortgage loans.
average noninterest-bearing demand deposits increased $2.4 billion, or 17%, while average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $3.1 billion, or 7%, primarily reflecting:
•   $1.5 billion, or 8%, increase in money market deposits, reflecting continued banker focus across all segments on obtaining our customers' full deposit relationship.
38
•   $0.7 billion, or 11%, increase in average interest-bearing demand deposits. the increase reflected growth in both consumer and commercial accounts.
•   $0.7 billion, or 11%, increase in average total debt, reflecting a $2.1 billion, or 60%, increase in average long-term debt partially offset by a $1.4 billion, or 51%, reduction in average short-term borrowings. the increase in average long-term debt reflected the issuance of $3.1 billion of bank-level senior debt during 2015, including $0.9 billion during the 2015 fourth quarter, as well as $0.5 billion of debt assumed in the huntington technology finance acquisition at the end of the 2015 first quarter.
•   $0.6 billion, or 29%, increase in brokered deposits and negotiated cds, which were used to efficiently finance balance sheet growth while continuing to manage the overall cost of funds.
partially offset by:
•   $0.7 billion, or 21%, decrease in average core certificates of deposit due to the strategic focus on changing the funding sources to low- and no-cost demand deposits and money market deposits.
the primary items impacting the decrease in the nim were:
•   6 basis point negative impact from the mix and yield on earning assets, primarily reflecting lower rates on loans and the impact of an increase in total securities balances.
•   3 basis point negative impact from the mix and yield of total interest-bearing liabilities.
partially offset by:
•   1 basis point increase in the benefit to the margin of noninterest-bearing funds.
provision for credit losses
(this section should be read in conjunction with the credit risk section.)
the provision for credit losses is the expense necessary to maintain the alll and the aulc at levels appropriate to absorb our estimate of credit losses inherent in the loan and lease portfolio and the portfolio of unfunded loan commitments and letters-of-credit.
the provision for credit losses in 2016 was $191 million, up $91 million, or 91%, from 2015. the higher provision expense was due to several factors, including the migration of the acquired loan portfolio to the originated portfolio, which requires a reserve build, portfolio growth and transitioning the firstmerit portfolio to our reserve methodology. ncos represented 19 basis points of average loans and leases, consistent with 2015, and below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points.
the provision for credit losses in 2015 was $100 million, up $19 million, or 23%, from 2014, reflecting a $37 million, or 30%, decrease in ncos. the provision for credit losses in 2015 was $12 million more than total ncos.
39
noninterest income the following table reflects noninterest income for the past three years:
table 7 - noninterest income
(dollar amounts in thousands)
year ended december 31, change from 2015                                              change from 2014
2016                                                                    amount           percent   2015                                amount          percent   2014
service charges on deposit accounts        $324,299               $43,950               16     %            $280,349              $6,608               2     %          $273,741
cards and payment processing income         169,064                26,349               18                   142,715              37,314              35                 105,401
mortgage banking income                     128,257                16,404               15                   111,853              26,966              32                  84,887
trust services                              108,274                 2,441                2                   105,833             (10,139    )         (9     )           115,972
insurance income                             64,523                  (741    )          (1     )              65,264                (209    )          -                  65,473
brokerage income                             61,834                 1,629                3                    60,205              (8,072    )        (12     )            68,277
capital markets fees                         59,527                 5,911               11                    53,616               9,885              23                  43,731
bank owned life insurance income             57,567                 5,167               10                    52,400              (4,648    )         (8     )            57,048
gain on sale of loans                        47,153                14,116               43                    33,037              11,946              57                  21,091
securities gains (losses)                       (84   )              (828    )        (111     )   744                           (16,810    )        (96     )            17,554
other income                                129,317                (3,397    )          (3     )             132,714               6,710               5                 126,004
total noninterest income                 $1,149,731              $111,001               11     %          $1,038,730             $59,551               6     %          $979,179
2016 vs. 2015
noninterest income increased $111 million, or 11%, from the prior year, primarily reflecting:
•   $44 million, or 16%, increase in service charges on deposit accounts, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition.
•   $26 million, or 18%, increase in cards and payment processing income, due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth.
•   $16 million, or 15%, increase in mortgage banking income, reflecting a 24% increase in mortgage origination volume.
•   $14 million, or 43%, increase in gain on sale of loans primarily reflecting an increase of $6 million in sba loan sales gains. in addition, there was a $7 million gain on non-relationship c&amp;i and cre loan sales, which was related to the balance sheet optimization strategy completed in the 2016 fourth quarter.
2015 vs. 2014
noninterest income increased $60 million, or 6%, from the prior year, primarily reflecting:
•   $37 million, or 35%, increase in cards and payment processing income due to higher card related income and underlying customer growth.
•   $27 million, or 32%, increase in mortgage banking income primarily driven by a $33 million, or 58%, increase in origination and secondary marketing revenue.
•   $12 million, or 57%, increase in gain on sale of loans primarily reflecting an increase of $7 million in sba loan sales gains and the $5 million automobile loan securitization gain during the 2015 second quarter.
•   $10 million, or 23%, increase in capital market fees primarily related to customer foreign exchange and commodities derivatives products.
partially offset by:
•   $17 million, or 96% decrease in securities gains as we adjusted the mix of our securities portfolio to prepare for the lcr requirements during the 2014 first quarter.
40
•   $10 million, or 9%, decrease in trust services primarily related to our fiduciary trust businesses moving to a more open architecture platform and a decline in assets under management in proprietary mutual funds. during the 2015 fourth quarter, huntington sold haa, hasi, and unified.
noninterest expense
(this section should be read in conjunction with significant items section.)
the following table reflects noninterest expense for the past three years:
table 8 - noninterest expense
(dollar amounts in thousands)
year ended december 31, change from 2015                                                           change from 2014
2016                                                                                           amount              percent   2015                                             amount          percent   2014
personnel costs                                         $1,349,124                    $226,942                   20      %             $1,122,182                     $73,407                 7     %          $1,048,775
outside data processing and other services                 304,743                      73,390                   32                       231,353                      18,767                 9                   212,586
equipment                                                  164,839                      39,882                   32                       124,957                       5,294                 4                   119,663
net occupancy                                              153,090                      31,209                   26                       121,881                      (6,195      )         (5     )             128,076
professional services                                      105,266                      54,975                  109                        50,291                      (9,264      )        (16     )              59,555
marketing                                                   62,957                      10,744                   21                        52,213                       1,653                 3                    50,560
deposit and other insurance expense                         54,107                       9,498                   21                        44,609                      (4,435      )         (9     )              49,044
amortization of intangibles                                 30,456                       2,589                    9                        27,867                     (11,410      )        (29     )              39,277
other expense                                              183,903                     (16,652      )            (8      )                200,555                      25,745                15                   174,810
total noninterest expense                               $2,408,485                    $432,577                   22      %             $1,975,908                     $93,562                 5     %          $1,882,346
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)          15,993                       3,750                   31      %                 12,243          370                                3     %              11,873
impact of significant items:
year ended december 31,
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                          2016                  2015   2014
personnel costs                                                $76,020                $5,457               $19,850
outside data processing and other services                      46,467                 4,365                 5,507
equipment                                                       24,742                   110                 2,248
net occupancy                                                   14,772                 4,587                11,153
professional services                                           57,817                 5,087                 2,228
marketing                                                        5,520                    28                 1,357
other expense                                                   14,010                38,733                23,140
total impact of significant items on noninterest expense      $239,348               $58,367               $65,483
41
adjusted noninterest expense (see non-gaap financial measures in the additional disclosures section):
year ended december 31,                    change from 2015                        change from 2014
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                             2016   2015                                        2014                                                  amount          percent                 amount          percent personnel costs                                           1,273,104                                   1,116,725                                   1,028,925                  156,379              14                  87,800               9
outside data processing and other services                  258,276                                     226,988                                     207,079                   31,288              14                  19,909              10
equipment                                                   140,097                                     124,847                                     117,415                   15,250              12                   7,432               6
net occupancy                                               138,318                                     117,294                                     116,923                   21,024              18         371                           -
professional services                                        47,449                                      45,204                                      57,327                    2,245               5                 (12,123    )        (21     )
marketing                                                    57,437                                      52,185                                      49,203                    5,252              10                   2,982               6
deposit and other insurance expense                          54,107                                      44,609                                      49,044                    9,498              21                  (4,435    )         (9     )
amortization of intangibles                                  30,456                                      27,867                                      39,277                    2,589               9                 (11,410    )        (29     )
other expense                                               169,893                                     161,822                                     151,670                    8,071               5                  10,152               7
total adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap)            $2,169,137                                  $1,917,541                                  $1,816,863                 $251,596              13     %          $100,678               6     %
2016 vs. 2015
noninterest expense increased $433 million, or 22%, from 2015:
•   $227 million, or 20%, increase in personnel costs, primarily reflecting a 31% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees largely related to the in-store branch expansion and the addition of colleagues from firstmerit.
•   $73 million, or 32%, increase in outside data processing and other services, primarily reflecting $46 million of acquisition-related expense and ongoing technology investments.
•   $55 million, or 109%, increase in professional services, primarily reflecting $58 million of acquisition-related expense.
•   $40 million, or 32%, increase in equipment expense, primarily reflecting $25 million of acquisition-related expense.
•   $31 million, or 26%, increase in net occupancy expense, primarily reflecting $15 million of acquisition-related expense.
partially offset by:
•   $17 million, or 8%, decrease in other expense, primarily reflecting a $42 million reduction to litigation reserves which was mostly offset by a $40 million contribution in the 2016 fourth quarter to achieve the philanthropic plans related to firstmerit.
2015 vs. 2014
noninterest expense increased $94 million, or 5%, from 2014:
•   $73 million, or 7%, increase in personnel costs. excluding the impact of significant items, personnel costs increased $88 million, or 9%, reflecting a $79 million increase in salaries related to the 2015 second quarter implementation of annual merit increases, the addition of huntington technology finance, and a 3% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees, largely related to the build-out of the in-store strategy.
•   $26 million, or 15%, increase in other noninterest expense. excluding the impact of significant items, other noninterest expense increased $10 million, or 7%, due to an increase in operating lease expense related to huntington technology finance.
•   $19 million, or 9%, increase in outside data processing and other services. excluding the impact of significant items, outside data processing and other services increased $20 million, or 10%, primarily reflecting higher debit and credit card processing costs and increased other technology investment expense, as we continue to invest in technology supporting our products, services, and our continuous improvement initiatives.
partially offset by:
•   $11 million, or 29%, decrease in amortization of intangibles reflecting the full amortization of the core deposit intangible at the end of the 2015 second quarter from the sky financial acquisition.
42
•   $9 million, or 16%, decrease in professional services. excluding the impact of significant items, professional services decreased $12 million, or 21%, reflecting a decrease in outside consultant expenses related to strategic planning.
$6 million, or 5%, decrease in net occupancy. excluding the impact of significant items, net occupancy remained relatively unchanged.
provision for income taxes
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
2016 versus 2015
the provision for income taxes was $208 million for 2016 compared with a provision for income taxes of $221 million in 2015. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, and capital losses. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 there was no valuation allowance on federal deferred taxes. in 2015, a $69 million reduction in the provision for federal income taxes was recorded for the portion of federal capital loss carryforward deferred tax asset that are more likely than not to be realized. in 2016 and 2015 there was essentially no change recorded in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal, for the portion of state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized. at december 31, 2016, we had a net federal deferred tax asset of $76 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $41 million.
we file income tax returns with the irs and various state, city, and foreign jurisdictions. federal income tax audits have been completed for tax years through 2009. the irs is currently examining our 2010 and 2011 consolidated federal income tax returns. various state and other jurisdictions remain open to examination, including ohio, kentucky, indiana, michigan, pennsylvania, west virginia, wisconsin, and illinois.
2015 versus 2014
the provision for income taxes was $221 million for 2015 compared with a provision for income taxes of $221 million in 2014. both years included the benefits from tax-exempt income, tax-advantaged investments, general business credits, investments in qualified affordable housing projects, and capital losses. in 2015, a $69 million reduction in the provision for federal income taxes was recorded for the portion of federal deferred tax assets related to capital loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized compared to a $27 million reduction in 2014. in 2015, there was essentially no change recorded in the provision for state income taxes, net of federal taxes, for the portion of state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards that are more likely than not to be realized, compared to a $7 million reduction, net of federal taxes, in the 2014.
risk management and capital a comprehensive discussion of risk management and capital matters affecting us can be found in the risk governance section included in item 1a and the regulatory matters section of item 1 of this form 10-k.
some of the more significant processes used to manage and control credit, market, liquidity, operational, and compliance risks are described in the following sections.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of financial loss if a counterparty is not able to meet the agreed upon terms of the financial obligation. the majority of our credit risk is associated with lending activities, as the acceptance and management of credit risk is central to profitable lending. we also have credit risk associated with our afs and htm securities portfolios (see note 5 and note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements). we engage with other financial counterparties for a variety of purposes including investing, asset and liability management, mortgage banking, and trading activities. while there is credit risk associated with derivative activity, based on our underwriting practices we believe this exposure is minimal. (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements)
we continue to focus on the identification, monitoring, and managing of our credit risk. in addition to the traditional credit risk mitigation strategies of credit policies and processes, market risk management activities, and portfolio diversification, we use quantitative measurement capabilities utilizing external data sources, enhanced use of modeling technology, and internal stress testing processes. our portfolio management resources demonstrate our commitment to maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. in our efforts to continue to identify risk mitigation techniques, we have focused on product design features, origination policies, and solutions for delinquent or stressed borrowers.
43
the maximum level of credit exposure to individual credit borrowers is limited by policy guidelines based on the perceived risk of each borrower or related group of borrowers. all authority to grant commitments is delegated through the independent credit administration function and is closely monitored and regularly updated. concentration risk is managed through limits on loan type, geography, industry, and loan quality factors. we focus predominantly on extending credit to retail and commercial customers with existing or expandable relationships within our primary banking markets, although we will consider lending opportunities outside our primary markets if we believe the associated risks are acceptable and aligned with strategic initiatives. although we offer a broad set of products, we continue to develop new lending products and opportunities. each of these new products and opportunities goes through a rigorous development and approval process prior to implementation to ensure our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk portfolio profile.
the checks and balances in the credit process and the separation of the credit administration and risk management functions are designed to appropriately assess and sanction the level of credit risk being accepted, facilitate the early recognition of credit problems when they occur, and provide for effective problem asset management and resolution. for example, we do not extend additional credit to delinquent borrowers except in certain circumstances that substantially improve our overall repayment or collateral coverage position.
loan and lease credit exposure mix at december 31, 2016, our loans and leases totaled $67.0 billion, representing a $16.6 billion, or 33%, increase compared to $50.3 billion at december 31, 2015.
total commercial loans and leases were $35.4 billion at december 31, 2016, and represented 53% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. our commercial loan portfolio is diversified by product type, customer size, and geography within our footprint, and is comprised of the following (see commercial credit discussion):
c&i - c&i loans and leases are made to commercial customers for use in normal business operations to finance working capital needs, equipment purchases, or other projects. the majority of these borrowers are customers doing business within our geographic regions. c&i loans and leases are generally underwritten individually and secured with the assets of the company and/or the personal guarantee of the business owners. the financing of owner occupied facilities is considered a c&i loan even though there is improved real estate as collateral. this treatment is a result of the credit decision process, which focuses on cash flow from operations of the business to repay the debt. the operation, sale, rental, or refinancing of the real estate is not considered the primary repayment source for these types of loans. as we have expanded our c&i portfolio, we have developed a series of "vertical specialties" to ensure that new products or lending types are embedded within a structured, centralized commercial lending area with designated, experienced credit officers. these specialties are comprised of either targeted industries (for example, healthcare, food & agribusiness, energy, etc.) and/or lending disciplines (equipment finance, abl, etc.), all of which requires a high degree of expertise and oversight to effectively mitigate and monitor risk. as such, we have dedicated colleagues and teams focused on bringing value added expertise to these specialty clients.
cre - cre loans consist of loans to developers and reits supporting income-producing or for-sale commercial real estate properties. we mitigate our risk on these loans by requiring collateral values that exceed the loan amount and underwriting the loan with projected cash flow in excess of the debt service requirement. these loans are made to finance properties such as apartment buildings, office and industrial buildings, and retail shopping centers, and are repaid through cash flows related to the operation, sale, or refinance of the property. for loans secured by real estate, appropriate appraisals are obtained at origination and updated on an as needed basis in compliance with regulatory requirements.
construction cre - construction cre loans are loans to developers, companies, or individuals used for the construction of a commercial or residential property for which repayment will be generated by the sale or permanent financing of the property. our construction cre portfolio primarily consists of retail, multi family, office, and warehouse project types. generally, these loans are for construction projects that have been presold or preleased, or have secured permanent financing, as well as loans to real estate companies with significant equity invested in each project. these loans are underwritten and managed by a specialized real estate lending group that actively monitors the construction phase and manages the loan disbursements according to the predetermined construction schedule.
total consumer loans and leases were $31.6 billion at december 31, 2016, and represented 47% of our total loan and lease credit exposure. the consumer portfolio is comprised primarily of automobile loans, home equity loans and lines-of-credit, and residential mortgages (see consumer credit discussion).
automobile - automobile loans are comprised primarily of loans made through automotive dealerships and include exposure in selected states outside of our primary banking markets. the exposure outside of our primary banking markets represents 16% of the total exposure, with no individual state representing more than 5%. applications are underwritten using an automated underwriting system that applies consistent policies and processes across the portfolio.
44
home equity - home equity lending includes both home equity loans and lines-of-credit. this type of lending, which is secured by a first-lien or junior-lien on the borrower's residence, allows customers to borrow against the equity in their home or refinance existing mortgage debt. products include closed-end loans which are generally fixed-rate with principal and interest payments, and variable-rate, interest-only lines-of-credit which do not require payment of principal during the 10-year revolving period. the home equity line of credit may convert to a 20-year amortizing structure at the end of the revolving period. applications are underwritten centrally in conjunction with an automated underwriting system. the home equity underwriting criteria is based on minimum credit scores, debt-to-income ratios, and ltv ratios, with current collateral valuations. the underwriting for the floating rate lines of credit also incorporates a stress analysis for a rising interest rate.
residential mortgage - residential mortgage loans represent loans to consumers for the purchase or refinance of a residence. these loans are generally financed over a 15-year to 30-year term, and in most cases, are extended to borrowers to finance their primary residence. applications are underwritten centrally using consistent credit policies and processes. all residential mortgage loan decisions utilize a full appraisal for collateral valuation. huntington has not originated or acquired residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options.
rv and marine finance - rv and marine finance loans are loans provided to consumers for the purpose of financing recreational vehicles and boats. loans are originated on an indirect basis through a series of dealerships across 26 states. the loans are underwritten centrally using an application and decisioning system similar to automobile loans. the current portfolio includes 60% of the balances within our core footprint states.
other consumer - other consumer loans primarily consists of consumer loans not secured by real estate, including personal unsecured loans, overdraft balances, and credit cards.
the table below provides the composition of our total loan and lease portfolio:
table 9 - loan and lease portfolio composition
(dollar amounts in millions)
at december 31,
2016                                                            2015                                                     2014                            2013                            2012
ending balances by type:
originated loans commercial:
commercial and industrial             $21,631          41   %         $20,560          41   %         $19,033          40   %         $17,594          41   %         $16,971          42   %
commercial real estate:
construction                              979           2               1,031           2                 875           2                 557           1                 648           2
commercial                              4,740           9               4,237           8               4,322           9               4,293          10               4,751          12
commercial real estate                  5,719          11               5,268          10               5,197          11               4,850          11               5,399          14
total commercial                       27,350          52              25,828          51              24,230          51              22,444          52              22,370          56
consumer:
automobile                              9,619          18               9,481          19               8,690          18               6,639          15               4,634          11
home equity                             8,665          16               8,471          17               8,491          18               8,336          19               8,335          20
residential mortgage                    6,717          13               5,998          12               5,831          12               5,321          12               4,970          12
rv and marine finance                     166           -                   -           -                   -           -                   -           -                   -           -
other consumer                            730           1       563                     1                 414           1                 380           2                 419           1
total consumer                         25,897          48              24,513          49              23,426          49              20,676          48              18,358          44
total originated loans and leases     $53,247         100   %         $50,341         100   %         $47,656         100   %         $43,120         100   %         $40,728         100   %
acquired loans (1)
commercial:
commercial and industrial              $6,428          47   %
commercial real estate:
construction                              467           3
commercial                              1,115           8
commercial real estate                  1,582          11
total commercial                        8,010          58
consumer:
automobile                              1,350          10
home equity                             1,441          11
45
residential mortgage                  1,008       7
rv and marine finance                 1,680      12
other consumer                          226       2
total consumer                        5,705      42
total acquired loans and leases     $13,715     100   %
total loans commercial:
commercial and industrial           $28,059      42   %         $20,560      41   %         $19,033      40   %         $17,594      41   %         $16,971      42   %
commercial real estate:
construction                          1,446       2               1,031       2                 875       2                 557       1                 648       2
commercial                            5,855       9               4,237       8               4,322       9               4,293      10               4,751      12
commercial real estate                7,301      11               5,268      10               5,197      11               4,850      11               5,399      14
total commercial                     35,360      53              25,828      51              24,230      51              22,444      52              22,370      56
consumer:
automobile                           10,969      16               9,481      19               8,690      18               6,639      15               4,634      11
home equity                          10,106      15               8,471      17               8,491      18               8,336      19               8,335      20
residential mortgage                  7,725      12               5,998      12               5,831      12               5,321      12               4,970      12
rv and marine finance                 1,846       3                   -       -                   -       -                   -       -                   -       -
other consumer                          956       1       563                 1                 414       1                 380       2                 419       1
total consumer                       31,602      47              24,513      49              23,426      49              20,676      48              18,358      44
total loans and leases              $66,962     100   %         $50,341     100   %         $47,656     100   %         $43,120     100   %         $40,728     100   %
(1)   represents loans from firstmerit acquisition.
loans originated for investment are stated at their principal amount outstanding adjusted for partial charge-offs, and net deferred loan fees and costs. acquired loans are those purchased in the firstmerit acquisition and are recorded at estimated fair value at the acquisition date with no carryover of the related alll. the difference between acquired contractual balance and estimated fair value at acquisition date was recorded as a purchase premium or discount. the acquired loan portfolio will show a continuous decline as a result of payments, payoffs, charge-offs or other disposition, unless huntington acquires additional loans in the future.
our loan portfolio is composed of consumer and commercial credits. at the corporate level, we manage the credit exposure and portfolio composition in part via a credit concentration policy. the policy designates specific loan types, collateral types, and loan structures to be formally tracked and assigned limits as a percentage of capital. c&i lending by naics categories, specific limits for cre primary project types, loans secured by residential real estate, shared national credit exposure, and designated high risk loan definitions represent examples of specifically tracked components of our concentration management process. currently there are no identified concentrations that exceed the established limit, including the impact of the firstmerit acquisition. our concentration management policy is approved by the roc of the board and is one of the strategies used to ensure a high quality, well diversified portfolio that is consistent with our overall objective of maintaining an aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. changes to existing concentration limits require the approval of the roc prior to implementation, incorporating specific information relating to the potential impact on the overall portfolio composition and performance metrics.
the table below provides our total loan and lease portfolio segregated by the type of collateral securing the loan or lease. the changes in the collateral composition from december 31, 2015 are consistent with the portfolio growth metrics.
the increase in the unsecured exposure is centered in high quality commercial credit customers.
46
table 10 - loan and lease portfolio by collateral type
(dollar amounts in millions)
at december 31,
2016                                                                                  2015                            2014   2013                            2012
secured loans:
real estate-commercial             $11,729          18   %          $8,296          16   %          $8,631          18   %          $8,622          20   %          $9,128          22   %
real estate-consumer                17,831          27              14,469          29              14,322          30              13,657          32              13,305          33
vehicles, rv and marine             15,934          24              11,880          24              10,932          23               8,989          21               6,659          16
receivables/inventory                6,277           9               5,961          12               5,968          13               5,534          13               5,178          13
machinery/equipment                  9,465          14               5,171          10               3,863           8               2,738           6               2,749           7
securities/deposits                  1,305           2                 974           2                 964           2       786                     2       826                     2
other                                1,154           1                 987           2                 919           2               1,016           2               1,090           3
total secured loans and leases      63,695          95              47,738          95              45,599          96              41,342          96              38,935          96
unsecured loans and leases           3,267           5               2,603           5               2,057           4               1,778           4               1,793           4
total loans and leases             $66,962         100   %         $50,341         100   %         $47,656         100   %         $43,120         100   %         $40,728         100   %
commercial credit the primary factors considered in commercial credit approvals are the financial strength of the borrower, assessment of the borrower's management capabilities, cash flows from operations, industry sector trends, type and sufficiency of collateral, type of exposure, transaction structure, and the general economic outlook. while these are the primary factors considered, there are a number of other factors that may be considered in the decision process. we utilize a centralized preview and senior loan approval committee, led by our chief credit officer. the risk rating (see next paragraph), size, and complexity of the credit determines the threshold for approval of the senior loan committee with a minimum credit exposure of $10.0 million. for loans not requiring senior loan committee approval, with the exception of small business loans, credit officers who understand each local region and are experienced in the industries and loan structures of the requested credit exposure are involved in all loan decisions and have the primary credit authority. for small business loans, we utilize a centralized loan approval process for standard products and structures. in this centralized decision environment, certain individuals who understand each local region may make credit-extension decisions to preserve our commitment to the communities in which we operate. in addition to disciplined and consistent judgmental factors, a sophisticated credit scoring process is used as a primary evaluation tool in the determination of approving a loan within the centralized loan approval process.
in commercial lending, on-going credit management is dependent on the type and nature of the loan. we monitor all significant exposures on an on-going basis. all commercial credit extensions are assigned internal risk ratings reflecting the borrower's pd and lgd. this two-dimensional rating methodology provides granularity in the portfolio management process. the pd is rated and applied at the borrower level. the lgd is rated and applied based on the specific type of credit extension and the quality and lien position associated with the underlying collateral. the internal risk ratings are assessed at origination and updated at each periodic monitoring event. there is also extensive macro portfolio management analysis on an on-going basis. we continually review and adjust our risk-rating criteria based on actual experience, which provides us with the current risk level in the portfolio and is the basis for determining an appropriate allowance for credit losses (acl) amount for the commercial portfolio. a centralized portfolio management team monitors and reports on the performance of the entire commercial portfolio, including small business loans, to provide consistent oversight.
in addition to the initial credit analysis conducted during the approval process, our credit review group performs testing to provide an independent review and assessment of the quality and risk of new loan originations. this group is part of our risk management area and conducts portfolio reviews on a risk-based cycle to evaluate individual loans, validate risk ratings, and test the consistency of credit processes.
our standardized loan grading system considers many components that directly correlate to loan quality and likelihood of repayment, one of which is guarantor support. on an annual basis, or more frequently if warranted, we consider, among other things, the guarantor's reputation and creditworthiness, along with various key financial metrics such as liquidity and net worth, assuming such information is available. our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength, or lack thereof, is reflected in our risk ratings for such loans, which is directly tied to, and an integral component of, our acl methodology. when a loan goes to impaired status, viable guarantor support is considered in the determination of a credit loss.
47
if our assessment of the guarantor's credit strength yields an inherent capacity to perform, we will seek repayment from the guarantor as part of the collection process and have done so successfully.
substantially all loans categorized as classified (see note 4 of notes to consolidated financial statements) are managed by sad. sad is a specialized group of credit professionals that handle the day-to-day management of workouts, commercial recoveries, and problem loan sales. its responsibilities include developing and implementing action plans, assessing risk ratings, and determining the appropriateness of the allowance, the accrual status, and the ultimate collectability of the classified loan portfolio.
c&i portfolio we manage the risks inherent in the c&i portfolio through origination policies, a defined loan concentration policy with established limits, on-going loan level reviews and portfolio level reviews, recourse requirements, and continuous portfolio risk management activities. our origination policies for the c&i portfolio include loan product-type specific policies such as ltv and debt service coverage ratios, as applicable. during 2016, the most volatile segment of the c&i portfolio was loans to borrowers supporting oil and gas exploration and production, and currently represents less than 1% of the total loan portfolio. while the energy industry remains a focus, the performance of the energy related portfolio has stabilized over the past three quarters.
the c&i portfolio continues to have solid origination activity as evidenced by its growth over the past 12 months and we maintain a focus on high quality originations. the loans added as a result of the firstmerit acquisition have a very similar risk profile and composition to the legacy huntington portfolio. the only material new geographic location is the chicago market. problem loans had trended downward over the last several years, reflecting a combination of proactive risk identification and effective workout strategies implemented by the sad. however, in the first quarter of 2016 c&i problem loans began to increase, primarily as a result of oil and gas exploration and production customers and the increase in overall c&i loan portfolio size. we have seen some improvement in the energy portfolio risk profile since the 2016 first quarter. we continue to maintain a proactive approach to identifying borrowers that may be facing financial difficulty in order to maximize the potential solutions. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
cre portfolio we manage the risks inherent in this portfolio specific to cre lending, focusing on the quality of the developer and the specifics associated with each project. generally, we: (1) limit our loans to 80% of the appraised value of the commercial real estate at origination, (2) require net operating cash flows to be 125% of required interest and principal payments, and (3) if the commercial real estate is non-owner occupied, require that at least 50% of the space of the project be preleased. we actively monitor both geographic and project-type concentrations and performance metrics of all cre loan types, with a focus on loans identified as higher risk based on the risk rating methodology. both macro-level and loan-level stress-test scenarios based on existing and forecast market conditions are part of the on-going portfolio management process for the cre portfolio.
dedicated real estate professionals originate and manage the portfolio. the portfolio is diversified by project type and loan size, and this diversification represents a significant portion of the credit risk management strategies employed for this portfolio. subsequent to the origination of the loan, the credit review group provides an independent review and assessment of the quality of the underwriting and risk of new loan originations.
appraisal values are obtained in conjunction with all originations and renewals, and on an as needed basis, in compliance with regulatory requirements and to ensure appropriate decisions regarding the on-going management of the portfolio reflect the changing market conditions. appraisals are obtained from approved vendors and are reviewed by an internal appraisal review group comprised of certified appraisers to ensure the quality of the valuation used in the underwriting process. we continue to perform on-going portfolio level reviews within the cre portfolio. these reviews generate action plans based on occupancy levels or sales volume associated with the projects being reviewed. this highly individualized process requires working closely with all of our borrowers, as well as an in-depth knowledge of cre project lending and the market environment.
consumer credit consumer credit approvals are based on, among other factors, the financial strength and payment history of the borrower, type of exposure, and transaction structure. consumer credit decisions are generally made in a centralized environment utilizing decision models. importantly, certain individuals who understand each local region have the authority to make credit extension decisions to preserve our focus on the local communities in which we operate. each credit extension is assigned a specific pd and lgd. the pd is generally based on the borrower's most recent credit bureau score (fico), which we update quarterly, providing an ongoing view of the borrowers pd. the lgd is related to the type of collateral associated with the credit extension, which typically does not change over the course of the loan term. this allows huntington to maintain a current view of the customer for credit risk management and acl purposes.
48
in consumer lending, credit risk is managed from a segment (i.e., loan type, collateral position, geography, etc.) and vintage performance analysis. all portfolio segments are continuously monitored for changes in delinquency trends and other asset quality indicators. we make extensive use of portfolio assessment models to continuously monitor the quality of the portfolio, which may result in changes to future origination strategies. the ongoing analysis and review process results in a determination of an appropriate alll amount for our consumer loan portfolio. the independent risk management group has a consumer process review component to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the consumer credit processes.
collection actions by our customer assistance team are initiated as needed through a centrally managed collection and recovery function. we employ a series of collection methodologies designed to maintain a high level of effectiveness, while maximizing efficiency. in addition to the consumer loan portfolio, the customer assistance team is responsible for collection activity on all sold and securitized consumer loans and leases. collection practices include a single contact point for the majority of the residential real estate secured portfolios.
automobile portfolio our strategy in the automobile portfolio continues to focus on high quality borrowers as measured by both fico and internal custom scores, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. our strategy and operational capabilities allow us to appropriately manage the origination quality across the entire portfolio, including our newer markets. although increased origination volume and entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
we have continued to consistently execute our value proposition and take advantage of available market opportunities. importantly, we have maintained our high credit quality standards while expanding the portfolio.
residential real estate secured portfolios the properties securing our residential mortgage and home equity portfolios are primarily located within our geographic footprint. huntington continues to support our local markets with consistent underwriting across all residential secured products. the residential-secured portfolio originations continue to be of high quality, with the majority of the negative credit impact coming from loans originated in 2006 and earlier. our portfolio management strategies associated with our home savers group allow us to focus on effectively helping our customers with appropriate solutions for their specific circumstances.
table 11 - selected home equity and residential mortgage portfolio data
(dollar amounts in millions)
home equity                                    residential mortgage december 31,
2016                        2015                        2016                        2015
ending balance                                           $10,106                      $8,471                      $7,725                      $5,998
portfolio weighted-average ltv ratio (1)                      75      %                   75      %                   75      %                   75      %
portfolio weighted-average fico score (2)                    760                         760                         748                         752
home equity                                residential mortgage (3)
twelve months ended december 31,
2016                        2015                        2016                        2015
originations                                              $2,717                      $2,606                      $1,878                      $1,409
origination weighted-average ltv ratio (1)                    78      %                   77      %                   84      %                   83      %
origination weighted-average fico score (2)                  775                         774                         751                         754
(1)   the ltv ratios for home equity loans and home equity lines-of-credit are cumulative and reflect the balance of any senior loans. ltv ratios reflect collateral values at the time of loan origination.
(2)   portfolio weighted average fico scores reflect currently updated customer credit scores whereas origination weighted-average fico scores reflect the customer credit scores at the time of loan origination.
(3)   represents only owned-portfolio originations.
49
home equity portfolio within the home equity portfolio, the standard product is a 10-year interest-only draw period with a 20-year fully amortizing term at the end of the draw period. prior to 2006, the standard product was a 10-year draw period with a balloon payment. in either case, after the 10-year draw period, the borrower must reapply, subject to full underwriting guidelines, to continue with the interest only revolving structure or begin repaying the debt in a term structure. the principal and interest payment associated with the term structure will be higher than the interest-only payment, resulting in end of draw period risk. our heloc risk can be segregated into two distinct segments: (1) home equity lines-of-credit underwritten with a balloon payment at maturity acquired from firstmerit and (2) home equity lines-of-credit with an automatic conversion to a 20-year amortizing loan. we manage this risk based on both the actual maturity date of the line-of-credit structure and at the end of the 10-year draw period. this risk is embedded in the portfolio which we address with proactive contact strategies beginning one year prior to either maturity or the end of draw period. in certain circumstances, our home saver group is able to provide payment and structure relief to borrowers experiencing significant financial hardship associated with the payment adjustment.
the table below summarizes our home equity line-of-credit portfolio by end of draw period described above:
table 12 - draw schedule of home equity line-of-credit portfolio
(dollar amounts in millions)
december 31, 2016
amortizing                 1 year or less              1 to 2 years              2 to 3 years              3 to 4 years        more than              total
4 years current balance first lien                     $94                            $98                      $255                      $134                      $168               $3,486                 $4,235
second lien                    380               220                       256                       115                       127                            2,403                  3,501
total current balance          $474                          $318                      $511                      $249                      $295               $5,889                 $7,736
residential mortgages portfolio huntington underwrites all applications centrally, with a focus on higher quality borrowers. we do not originate residential mortgages that allow negative amortization or allow the borrower multiple payment options and have incorporated regulatory requirements and guidance into our underwriting process. residential mortgages are originated based on a completed full appraisal during the credit underwriting process. we update values in compliance with applicable regulations to facilitate our portfolio management, as well as our workout and loss mitigation functions.
we are subject to repurchase risk associated with residential mortgage loans sold in the secondary market. an appropriate level of reserve for representations and warranties related to residential mortgage loans sold has been established to address this repurchase risk inherent in the portfolio.
rv and marine finance portfolio our strategy in the rv and marine portfolio focuses on high quality borrowers, combined with appropriate ltvs, terms, and profitability. although entering new markets can be associated with increased risk levels, we believe our disciplined strategy and operational processes significantly mitigate these risks.
credit quality
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
we believe the most meaningful way to assess overall credit quality performance is through an analysis of credit quality performance ratios. this approach forms the basis of most of the discussion in the sections immediately following: npas and nals, tdrs, acl, and ncos. in addition, we utilize delinquency rates, risk distribution and migration patterns, and product segmentation in the analysis of our credit quality performance.
credit quality performance in 2016, including the firstmerit acquisition, reflected continued overall positive results. total ncos were $109 million or 0.19% of average total loans and leases. the acl to total loans and leases ratio decreased by 23 basis points to 1.10%, due to the impact of the firstmerit acquisition as acquired loans are recorded at fair value with no associated alll on the date of acquisition.
npas and nals npas consist of (1) nals, which represent loans and leases no longer accruing interest, (2) oreo properties, and (3) other npas. any loan in our portfolio may be placed on nonaccrual status prior to the policies described below when collection of principal
50
or interest is in doubt. also, when a borrower with discharged non-reaffirmed debt in a chapter 7 bankruptcy is identified and the loan is determined to be collateral dependent, the loan is placed on nonaccrual status.
c&i and cre loans (except for purchased credit impaired loans) are placed on nonaccrual status at 90-days past due, or earlier if repayment of principal and interest is in doubt. of the $255 million of cre and c&i-related nals at december 31, 2016, $173 million, or 68%, represented loans that were less than 30-days past due, demonstrating our continued commitment to proactive credit risk management. with the exception of residential mortgage loans guaranteed by government organizations which continue to accrue interest, first lien loans secured by residential mortgage collateral are placed on nonaccrual status at 150-days past due. junior-lien home equity loans are placed on nonaccrual status at the earlier of 120-days past due or when the related first-lien loan has been identified as nonaccrual. automobile and other consumer loans are charged-off at 120-days past due.
when loans are placed on nonaccrual, accrued interest income is reversed with current year accruals charged to interest income and prior year amounts generally charged-off as a credit loss. when, in our judgment, the borrower's ability to make required interest and principal payments has resumed and collectability is no longer in doubt, the loan or lease could be returned to accrual status.
the table reflects period-end nals and npas detail for each of the last five years:
table 13 - nonaccrual loans and leases and nonperforming assets
(dollar amounts in thousands)
december 31,
2016                                                          2015                                         2014                      2013                      2012
nonaccrual loans and leases (nals): (1)
originated nals commercial and industrial                    $225,162                  $175,195                   $71,974                   $56,615                   $90,705
commercial real estate                         19,565                    28,984                    48,523                    73,417                   127,128
automobile                                      4,696                     6,564                     4,623                     6,303                     7,823
residential mortgage                           83,159                    94,560                    96,564                   119,532                   122,452
rv and marine                                       -                         -                         -                         -                         -
home equity                                    66,033                    66,278                    78,515                    66,169                    59,519
other consumer                                      -                         -                        45                        20                         6
total nonaccrual loans and leases             398,615                   371,581                   300,244                   322,056                   407,633
other real estate, net:
residential                                    23,326                    24,194                    29,291                    23,447                    21,378
commercial                                      3,404                     3,148                     5,748                     4,217                     6,719
total other real estate, net                   26,730                    27,342                    35,039                    27,664                    28,097
other npas(2)                                   6,968                         -                     2,440                     2,440                    10,045
total nonperforming assets (4)               $432,313                  $398,923                  $337,723                  $352,160                  $445,775
acquired nals (5)
commercial and industrial                      $9,022
commercial real estate                            943
automobile                                      1,070
residential mortgage                            7,343
rv and marine                                     245
home equity                                     5,765
other consumer                                      -
total nonaccrual loans and leases              24,388
other real estate, net:
residential                                     7,606
commercial                                     16,594
total other real estate, net                   24,200
other npas(2)                                       -
51
total nonperforming assets (4)                                     $48,588
total nals commercial and industrial                                         $234,184              $175,195               $71,974               $56,615               $90,705
commercial real estate                                              20,508                28,984                48,523                73,417               127,128
automobile                                                           5,766                 6,564                 4,623                 6,303                 7,823
residential mortgage                                                90,502                94,560                96,564               119,532               122,452
rv and marine                                                          245                     -                     -                     -                     -
home equity                                                         71,798                66,278                78,515                66,169                59,519
other consumer                                                           -                     -                    45                    20                     6
total nonaccrual loans and leases                                  423,003               371,581               300,244               322,056               407,633
other real estate, net:
residential                                                         30,932                24,194                29,291                23,447                21,378
commercial                                                          19,998                 3,148                 5,748                 4,217                 6,719
total other real estate, net                                        50,930                27,342                35,039                27,664                28,097
other npas(2)                                                        6,968                     -                 2,440                 2,440                10,045
total nonperforming assets (4)                                    $480,901              $398,923              $337,723              $352,160              $445,775
nonaccrual loans and leases as a % of total loans and leases          0.63   %              0.74   %              0.63   %              0.75   %              1.00   %
npa ratio(3)                                                          0.72                  0.79                  0.71                  0.82                  1.09
(1)   excludes loans transferred to held-for-sale.
(2)   other nonperforming assets represent an investment security backed by a municipal bond.
(3)   nonperforming assets divided by the sum of loans and leases, net other real estate owned, and other npas.
(4)   nonaccruing troubled debt restructured loans are included in the total nonperforming assets balance.
(5)   represents loans from firstmerit acquisition.
the $82 million, or 21%, increase in npas compared with december 31, 2015, primarily reflected:
•   $59 million, or 34%, increase in c&amp;i nals, with the majority of the increase in our energy related portfolios, noting that the performance of the energy portfolio has stabilized since the 2016 first quarter.
•   $24 million, or 86%, increase in oreo, predominantly associated with an increase in commercial properties from the firstmerit acquisition.
partially offset by declines in the residential and cre portfolios.
52
the following table reflects period-end accruing loans and leases 90 days or more past due for each of the last five years:
table 14 - accruing past due loans and leases
(dollar amounts in thousands)
december 31,
2016                                                                                                                                              2015                    2014                    2013                    2012
accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more:
commercial and industrial (1)                                                                                     $18,148                  $8,724                  $4,937                 $14,562                 $26,648
commercial real estate (2)                                                                                         17,215                   9,549                  18,793                  39,142                  56,660
automobile                                                                                                         10,182                   7,162                   5,703                   5,055                   4,418
residential mortgage (excluding loans guaranteed by the u.s. government)                                           15,074                  14,082                  33,040                   2,469                   2,718
rv and marine finance                                                                                               1,462                       -                       -                       -                       -
home equity                                                                                                        11,508                   9,044                  12,159                  13,983                  18,200
other consumer                                                                                                      3,895                   1,394                     837                     998                   1,672
total, excl. loans guaranteed by the u.s. government                                                               77,484                  49,955                  75,469                  76,209                 110,316
add: loans guaranteed by u.s. government                                                                           51,878                  55,835                  55,012                  87,985                  90,816
total accruing loans and leases past due 90 days or more, including loans guaranteed by the u.s. government      $129,362                $105,790                $130,481                $164,194                $201,132
ratios:
excluding loans guaranteed by the u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                            0.12    %               0.10    %               0.16    %               0.18    %               0.27    %
guaranteed by u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                                                0.08                    0.11                    0.12                    0.20                    0.22
including loans guaranteed by the u.s. government, as a percent of total loans and leases                            0.19                    0.21                    0.27                    0.38                    0.49
(1)   amounts include huntington technology finance administrative lease delinquencies and accruing purchase impaired loans related to acquisitions.
(2)   amounts include accruing purchase impaired loans related to acquisitions.
tdr loans tdrs are modified loans where a concession was provided to a borrower experiencing financial difficulties. tdrs can be classified as either accruing or nonaccruing loans. nonaccruing tdrs are included in nals whereas accruing tdrs are excluded from nals, as it is probable that all contractual principal and interest due under the restructured terms will be collected. tdrs primarily reflect our loss mitigation efforts to proactively work with borrowers in financial difficulty or to comply with regulations regarding the treatment of certain bankruptcy filing and discharge situations. acquired, non-purchased credit impaired loans are only considered for tdr reporting for modifications made subsequent to acquisition. over the past five quarters, the accruing component of the total tdr balance has been between 80% and 84% indicating there is no identified credit loss and the borrowers continue to make their monthly payments.  in fact, over 80% of the $513 million of accruing tdrs secured by residential real estate (residential mortgage and home equity in table 15) are current on their required payments.  in addition, over 60% of the accruing pool have had no delinquency at all in the past 12 months. there is very limited migration from the accruing to non-accruing components, and virtually all of the charge-offs as presented in table 16 come from the non-accruing tdr balances.
53
the following table presents our accruing and nonaccruing tdrs at period-end for each of the past five years:
table 15 - accruing and nonaccruing troubled debt restructured loans
(dollar amounts in thousands)
december 31,
2016                                                  2015                        2014                      2013                      2012
tdrs-accruing:
commercial and industrial            $210,119                    $235,689                  $116,331                   $83,857                   $76,586
commercial real estate                 76,844                     115,074                   177,156                   204,668                   208,901
automobile                             26,382                      24,893                    26,060                    30,781                    35,784
home equity                           269,709                     199,393                   252,084                   188,266                   110,581
residential mortgage                  242,901                     264,666                   265,084                   305,059                   290,011
rv and marine finance                       -                           -                         -                         -                         -
other consumer                          3,780                       4,488                     4,018                     1,041                     2,544
total tdrs-accruing                   829,735                     844,203                   840,733                   813,672                   724,407
tdrs-nonaccruing:
commercial and industrial             107,087                      56,919                    20,580                     7,291                    19,268
commercial real estate                  4,507                      16,617                    24,964                    23,981                    32,548
automobile                              4,579                       6,412                     4,552                     6,303                     7,823
home equity                            28,128                      20,996                    27,224                    20,715                     6,951
residential mortgage                   59,157                      71,640                    69,305                    82,879                    84,515
rv and marine finance                       -                           -                         -                         -                         -
other consumer                            118         151                         70                                        -         113
total tdrs-nonaccruing                203,576                     172,735                   146,695                   141,169                   151,218
total tdrs                         $1,033,311                  $1,016,938                  $987,428                  $954,841                  $875,625
our strategy is to structure tdrs in a manner that avoids new concessions subsequent to the initial tdr terms. however, there are times when subsequent modifications are required, such as when the modified loan matures. often the loans are performing in accordance with the tdr terms, and a new note is originated with similar modified terms. these loans are subjected to the normal underwriting standards and processes for other similar credit extensions, both new and existing. if the loan is not performing in accordance with the existing tdr terms, typically an individualized approach to repayment is established. in accordance with gaap, the refinanced note is evaluated to determine if it is considered a new loan or a continuation of the prior loan. a new loan is considered for removal of the tdr designation. a continuation of the prior note requires the continuation of the tdr designation, and because the refinanced note constitutes a new or amended debt instrument, it is included in our tdr activity table (below) as a new tdr and a restructured tdr removal during the period.
the types of concessions granted for existing tdrs are consistent with those granted on new tdrs and include interest rate reductions, amortization or maturity date changes beyond what the collateral supports, and principal forgiveness based on the borrower's specific needs at a point in time. our policy does not limit the number of times a loan may be modified. a loan may be modified multiple times if it is considered to be in the best interest of both the borrower and us.
commercial loans are not automatically considered to be accruing tdrs upon the granting of a new concession. if the loan is in accruing status and no loss is expected based on the modified terms, the modified tdr remains in accruing status. for loans that are on nonaccrual status before the modification, collection of both principal and interest must not be in doubt, and the borrower must be able to exhibit sufficient cash flows for at least a six-month period of time to service the debt in order to return to accruing status. this six-month period could extend before or after the restructure date.
any granted change in terms or conditions that are not readily available in the market for that borrower, requires the designation as a tdr. there are no provisions for the removal of the tdr designation based on payment activity for consumer loans. a loan may be returned to accrual status when all contractually due interest and principal has been paid and the borrower demonstrates the financial capacity to continue to pay as agreed, with the risk of loss diminished. during the 2016 third quarter, huntington transferred $81 million of home equity tdrs from loans held for sale back to loans.
54
the following table reflects tdr activity during the periods indicated:
table 16 - troubled debt restructured loan activity
(dollar amounts in thousands)
year ended december 31,
2016                                                        2015
tdrs-accruing: (3)
tdrs, beginning of period                  $844,203                    $840,733
new tdrs                                    543,006                     731,783
payments                                   (214,144     )              (225,219     )
charge-offs                                  (3,547     )                (5,816     )
sales                                       (18,801     )               (14,204     )
transfer from (to) held-for-sale             74,424                     (88,415     )
transfer to oreo                               (435     )                  (668     )
restructured tdrs-accruing (1)             (289,745     )              (297,688     )
restructured tdrs-nonaccruing (1)                 -                           -
other (2)                                  (105,226     )               (96,303     )
tdrs, end of period                        $829,735                    $844,203
tdrs-nonaccruing: (3)
tdrs, beginning of period                  $172,735                    $146,695
new tdrs                                    134,708                     162,917
payments                                    (82,258     )               (65,139     )
charge-offs                                 (34,605     )               (37,675     )
sales                                        (1,445     )                (2,858     )
transfer from (to) held-for-sale              6,656                      (8,371     )
transfer to oreo                            (10,140     )                (9,444     )
restructured tdrs-accruing (1)                    -                           -
restructured tdrs-nonaccruing (1)           (42,937     )               (98,474     )
other (2)                                    60,862                      85,084
tdrs, end of period                        $203,576                    $172,735
year ended december 31,
2016                                                        2015                        2014                    2013                    2012
total tdrs, beginning of period (3)      $1,016,938                    $987,428                 $954,841                $875,625                $805,650
new tdrs                                    677,714                     894,700                  667,315                 611,556                 597,425
payments                                   (296,402     )              (290,358     )           (252,285    )           (191,367    )           (191,035    )
charge-offs                                 (38,152     )               (43,491     )            (35,150    )            (29,897    )            (81,115    )
sales                                       (20,246     )               (17,062     )            (23,424    )            (11,164    )            (13,787    )
transfer from (to) held-for-sale             81,080                     (96,786     )                  -                       -                       -
transfer to oreo                            (10,575     )               (10,112     )            (12,668    )             (8,242    )            (21,709    )
restructured tdrs-accruing (1)             (289,745     )              (297,688     )           (243,225    )           (211,131    )           (153,583    )
restructured tdrs-nonaccruing (1)           (42,937     )               (98,474     )            (45,705    )            (26,772    )            (63,080    )
other                                       (44,364     )               (11,219     )            (22,271    )            (53,767    )             (3,141    )
total tdrs, end of period                $1,033,311                  $1,016,938                 $987,428                $954,841                $875,625
55
(1)   represents existing tdrs that were underwritten with new terms providing a concession. a corresponding amount is included in the new tdrs amount above.
(2)   primarily includes transfers between accruing and nonaccruing categories.
(3)   effective 2015, we began tracking accruing and non-accruing tdr information.
acl our total credit reserve is comprised of two different components, both of which in our judgment are appropriate to absorb credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio: the alll and the aulc. combined, these reserves comprise the total acl. our acl methodology committee is responsible for developing the methodology, assumptions and estimates used in the calculation, as well as determining the appropriateness of the acl. the alll represents the estimate of losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the reported date. additions to the alll result from recording provision expense for loan losses or increased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating downgrades, while reductions reflect charge-offs (net of recoveries), decreased risk levels resulting from loan risk-rating upgrades, or the sale of loans. the aulc is determined by applying the same quantitative reserve determination process to the unfunded portion of the loan exposures adjusted by an applicable funding expectation. (see note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements)
the acquired loans were recorded at their fair value as of the acquisition date and the prior alll was eliminated. an alll for acquired loans is estimated using a methodology similar to that used for originated loans. the allowance determined for each acquired loan is compared to the remaining fair value adjustment for that loan. if the computed allowance is greater, the excess is added to the allowance through a provision for loan losses. if the computed allowance is less, no additional allowance is recognized.
our acl evaluation process includes the on-going assessment of credit quality metrics, and a comparison of certain acl benchmarks to current performance. while the total acl balance increased year over year, all of the relevant benchmarks remain strong.
56
the following table reflects activity in the alll and aulc for each of the last five years:
table 17 - summary of allowance for credit losses
(dollar amounts in thousands)
year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                     2015                    2014                    2013                    2012
alll, beginning of year                                                                  $597,843                $605,196                $647,870                $769,075                $964,828
loan and lease charge-offs commercial:
commercial and industrial                                                                 (76,802    )            (79,724    )            (76,654    )            (45,904    )           (101,475    )
commercial real estate:
construction                                                                               (2,124    )             (1,843    )             (5,626    )             (9,585    )            (12,131    )
commercial                                                                                (12,988    )            (16,233    )            (19,078    )            (59,927    )           (105,920    )
commercial real estate                                                                    (15,112    )            (18,076    )            (24,704    )            (69,512    )           (118,051    )
total commercial                                                                          (91,914    )            (97,800    )           (101,358    )           (115,416    )           (219,526    )
consumer:
automobile                                                                                (49,541    )            (36,489    )            (31,330    )            (23,912    )            (26,070    )
home equity                                                                               (25,527    )            (36,481    )            (54,473    )            (98,184    )           (124,286    )
residential mortgage                                                                      (10,851    )            (15,696    )            (25,946    )            (34,236    )            (52,228    )
rv and marine finance                                                                      (2,769    )                  -                       -                       -                       -
other consumer                                                                            (46,712    )            (31,415    )            (33,494    )            (34,568    )            (33,090    )
total consumer                                                                           (135,400    )           (120,081    )           (145,243    )           (190,900    )           (235,674    )
total charge-offs                                                                        (227,314    )           (217,881    )           (246,601    )           (306,316    )           (455,200    )
recoveries of loan and lease charge-offs commercial:
commercial and industrial                                                                  31,687                  51,800                  44,531                  29,514                  37,227
commercial real estate:
construction                                                                                4,208                   2,667                   4,455                   3,227                   4,090
commercial                                                                                 37,243                  31,952                  29,616                  41,431                  35,532
total commercial real estate                                                               41,451                  34,619                  34,071                  44,658                  39,622
total commercial                                                                           73,138                  86,419                  78,602                  74,172                  76,849
consumer:
automobile                                                                                 17,550                  16,198                  13,762                  13,375                  16,628
home equity                                                                                16,523                  16,631                  17,526                  15,921                   7,907
residential mortgage                                                                        5,027                   5,570                   6,194                   7,074                   4,305
rv and marine finance                                                                         481                       -                       -                       -                       -
other consumer                                                                              5,699                   5,270                   5,890                   7,108                   7,049
total consumer                                                                             45,280                  43,669                  43,372                  43,478                  35,889
total recoveries                                                                          118,418                 130,088                 121,974                 117,650                 112,738
net loan and lease charge-offs                                                           (108,896    )            (87,793    )           (124,627    )           (188,666    )           (342,462    )
provision for loan and lease losses                                                       169,407                  88,679                  83,082                  67,797                 155,193
allowance for assets sold and securitized or transferred to loans held for sale           (19,941    )             (8,239    )             (1,129    )               (336    )             (8,484    )
alll, end of year                                                                         638,413                 597,843                 605,196                 647,870                 769,075
aulc, beginning of year                                                                    72,081                  60,806                  62,899                  40,651                  48,456
(reduction in) provision for unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit losses        21,395                  11,275                  (2,093    )             22,248                  (7,805    )
aulc recorded at acquisition                                                                4,403                       -                       -                       -                       -
aulc, end of year                                                                          97,879                  72,081                  60,806                  62,899                  40,651
acl, end of year                                                                         $736,292                $669,924                $666,002                $710,769                $809,726
57
the table below reflects the allocation of our acl among our various loan categories during each of the past five years:
table 18 - allocation of allowance for credit losses (1)
(dollar amounts in thousands)
december 31,
2016                                                                                     2015                              2014                              2013                              2012
acl originated loans commercial commercial and industrial          $324,737          41   %          $298,746          41   %          $286,995          40   %          $265,801          41   %          $241,051          42   %
commercial real estate               95,483          11               100,007          10               102,839          11               162,557          11               285,369          14
total commercial                    420,220          52               398,753          51               389,834          51               428,358          52               526,420          56
consumer automobile                           47,970          18                49,504          19                33,466          18                31,053          15                34,979          11
home equity                          65,474          16                83,671          17                96,413          18               111,131          19               118,764          20
residential mortgage                 30,986          13                41,646          12                47,211          12                39,577          12                61,658          12
rv and marine finance                   832           -                     -           -                     -           -                     -           -                     -           -
other consumer                       34,233           1                24,269           1                38,272           1                37,751           2                27,254           1
total consumer                      179,495          48               199,090          49               215,362          49               219,512          48               242,655          44
total alll                          599,715         100   %           597,843         100   %           605,196         100   %           647,870         100   %           769,075         100   %
aulc                                 81,299                            72,081                            60,806                            62,899                            40,651
total acl                          $681,014                          $669,924                          $666,002                          $710,769                          $809,726
acquired loans (2)
commercial commercial and industrial           $30,687          47   %
commercial real estate                  184          11
total commercial                     30,871          58
consumer automobile                                -          10
home equity                               -          11
residential mortgage                  2,412           7
rv and marine finance                 4,479          12
other consumer                          936           2
total consumer                        7,827          42
total alll                           38,698         100   %
aulc                                 16,580
total acl                           $55,278
total loans commercial commercial and industrial          $355,424          42   %          $298,746          41   %          $286,995          40   %          $265,801          41   %          $241,051          42   %
commercial real estate               95,667          11               100,007          10               102,839          11               162,557          11               285,369          14
total commercial                    451,091          53               398,753          51               389,834          51               428,358          52               526,420          56
consumer automobile                           47,970          16                49,504          19                33,466          18                31,053          15                34,979          11
home equity                          65,474          15                83,671          17                96,413          18               111,131          19               118,764          20
residential mortgage                 33,398          12                41,646          12                47,211          12                39,577          12                61,658          12
rv and marine finance                 5,311           3                     -           -                     -           -                     -           -                     -           -
other consumer                       35,169           1                24,269           1                38,272           1                37,751           2                27,254           1
total consumer                      187,322          47               199,090          49               215,362          49               219,512          48               242,655          44
total alll                          638,413         100   %           597,843         100   %           605,196         100   %           647,870         100   %           769,075         100   %
aulc                                 97,879                            72,081                            60,806                            62,899                            40,651
total acl                          $736,292                          $669,924                          $666,002                          $710,769                          $809,726
total alll as % of:
58
total loans and leases           0.95   %      1.19   %      1.27   %      1.50   %      1.89   %
nonaccrual loans and leases       151           161           202           201           189
npas                              133           150           179           184           173
total acl as % of:
total loans and leases           1.10   %      1.33   %      1.40   %      1.65   %      1.99   %
nonaccrual loans and leases       174           180           222           221           199
npas                              153           168           197           202           182
(1)   percentages represent the percentage of each loan and lease category to total loans and leases.
(2)   represents loans from firstmerit acquisition.
the $66 million, or 10%, increase in the acl compared with december 31, 2015, was driven by:
•   $57 million, or 19%, increase in the alll of the c&amp;i portfolio was primary driven by the impact of the acquisition and loan growth within the portfolio along with an increase in nals within our energy related portfolios.
•   $26 million, or 36%, increase in the aulc driven primarily by acquired commercial exposures.
•   $11 million, or 45%, increase in the alll of the other consumer portfolio driven primarily by growth within the credit card portfolio.
partially offset by:
•   $18 million, or 22%, decline in the alll of the home equity portfolio. the decline was driven by a reduction in delinquent and nonaccrual loans.
•   $8 million, or 20%, decline in the alll of the residential mortgage portfolio, also driven by a reduction in delinquency rates within the portfolio.
the acl to total loans declined to 1.10% at december 31, 2016, compared to 1.33% at december 31, 2015. the reduction in the ratio can be attributed directly to the acquisition of the firstmerit loan portfolio. we believe the ratio is appropriate given the risk profile of our loan portfolio. we continue to focus on early identification of loans with changes in credit metrics and proactive action plans for these loans. given the combination of these noted positive and negative factors, we believe that our acl is appropriate and its coverage level is reflective of the quality of our portfolio and the current operating environment.
ncos any loan in any portfolio may be charged-off prior to the policies described below if a loss confirming event has occurred. loss confirming events include, but are not limited to, bankruptcy (unsecured), continued delinquency, foreclosure, or receipt of an asset valuation indicating a collateral deficiency where that asset is the sole source of repayment. additionally, discharged, collateral dependent non-reaffirmed debt in chapter 7 bankruptcy filings will result in a charge-off to estimated collateral value, less anticipated selling costs at the time of discharge.
c&i and cre loans are either charged-off or written down to net realizable value at 90-days past due with the exception of administrative small ticket lease delinquencies. automobile loans, rv and marine finance, and other consumer loans are generally charged-off at 120-days past due. first-lien and junior-lien home equity loans are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due and 120-days past due, respectively. residential mortgages are charged-off to the estimated fair value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs, at 150-days past due.
59
the following table reflects nco detail for each of the last five years:
table 19 - net loan and lease charge-offs
(dollar amounts in thousands)
year ended december 31,
2016 (2)   2015                2014                  2013                  2012
net charge-offs by loan and lease type:
originated loans commercial:
commercial and industrial                     $43,929              $27,924               $32,123               $16,390               $64,248
commercial real estate:
construction                                   (2,084    )            (824   )             1,171                 6,358                 8,041
commercial                                    (24,460    )         (15,719   )           (10,538   )            18,496                70,388
commercial real estate                        (26,544    )         (16,543   )            (9,367   )            24,854                78,429
total commercial                               17,385               11,381                22,756                41,244               142,677
consumer:
automobile                                     27,057               20,291                17,568                10,537                 9,442
home equity                                     8,073               19,850                36,947                82,263               116,379
residential mortgage                            5,560               10,126                19,752                27,162                47,923
rv and marine finance                               -                    -                     -                     -                     -
other consumer                                 38,627               26,145                27,604                27,460                26,041
total consumer                                 79,317               76,412               101,871               147,422               199,785
total originated net charge-offs              $96,702              $87,793              $124,627              $188,666              $342,462
acquired loans (1)
commercial:
commercial and industrial                      $1,186
commercial real estate:
construction                                        -
commercial                                        205
commercial real estate                            205
total commercial                                1,391
consumer:
automobile                                      4,934
home equity                                       931
residential mortgage                              264
rv and marine finance                           2,288
other consumer                                  2,386
total consumer                                 10,803
total acquired net charge-offs                $12,194
total loans commercial:
commercial and industrial                     $45,115              $27,924               $32,123               $16,390               $64,248
commercial real estate:
construction                                   (2,084    )            (824   )             1,171                 6,358                 8,041
commercial                                    (24,255    )         (15,719   )           (10,538   )            18,496                70,388
commercial real estate                        (26,339    )         (16,543   )            (9,367   )            24,854                78,429
total commercial                               18,776               11,381                22,756                41,244               142,677
consumer:
automobile                                     31,991               20,291                17,568                10,537                 9,442
home equity                                     9,004               19,850                36,947                82,263               116,379
60
residential mortgage                              5,824              10,126                19,752                27,162                47,923
rv and marine finance                             2,288                   -                     -                     -                     -
other consumer                                   41,013              26,145                27,604                27,460                26,041
total consumer                                   90,120              76,412               101,871               147,422               199,785
total net charge-offs                          $108,896             $87,793              $124,627              $188,666              $342,462
net charge-offs - annualized percentages:
commercial:
commercial and industrial                          0.19   %            0.14   %              0.18   %              0.10   %              0.40   %
commercial real estate:
construction                                      (0.19   )           (0.08   )              0.16                  1.10                  1.38
commercial                                        (0.49   )           (0.37   )             (0.25   )              0.42                  1.35
commercial real estate                            (0.44   )           (0.32   )             (0.19   )              0.49                  1.36
total commercial                                   0.06                0.05                  0.10                  0.19                  0.66
consumer:
automobile                                         0.30                0.23                  0.23                  0.19                  0.21
home equity                                        0.10                0.23                  0.44                  0.99                  1.40
residential mortgage                               0.09                0.17                  0.35                  0.52                  0.92
rv and marine finance                              0.33                   -                     -                     -                     -
other consumer                                     5.53                5.44                  6.99                  6.30                  5.72
total consumer                                     0.32                0.32                  0.46                  0.75                  1.08
net charge-offs as a % of average loans            0.19   %            0.18   %              0.27   %              0.45   %              0.85   %
(1)   represents loans from firstmerit acquisition.
(2)   amounts presented above exclude write-downs of loans transferred to loans held-for-sale.
in assessing nco trends, it is helpful to understand the process of how commercial loans are treated as they deteriorate over time. the alll established is consistent with the level of risk associated with the original underwriting. as a part of our normal portfolio management process for commercial loans, the loan is periodically reviewed and the alll is increased or decreased based on the updated risk rating. in certain cases, the standard alll is determined to not be appropriate, and a specific reserve is established based on the projected cash flow or collateral value of the specific loan. charge-offs, if necessary, are generally recognized in a period after the specific alll was established. if the previously established alll exceeds that necessary to satisfactorily resolve the problem loan, a reduction in the overall level of the alll could be recognized. consumer loans are treated in much the same manner as commercial loans, with increasing reserve factors applied based on the risk characteristics of the loan, although specific reserves are not identified for consumer loans. in summary, if loan quality deteriorates, the typical credit sequence would be periods of reserve building, followed by periods of higher ncos as the previously established alll is utilized. additionally, an increase in the alll either precedes or is in conjunction with increases in nals. when a loan is classified as nal, it is evaluated for specific alll or charge-off. as a result, an increase in nals does not necessarily result in an increase in the alll or an expectation of higher future ncos.
all residential mortgage loans greater than 150-days past due are charged-down to the estimated value of the collateral, less anticipated selling costs. the remaining balance is in delinquent status until a modification can be completed, or the loan goes through the foreclosure process.
2016 versus 2015
ncos increased $21 million, or 24%, in 2016. given the low level of c&i and cre nco's, there will continue to be some volatility on a period-to-period comparison basis.
market risk market risk refers to potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. when the value of an instrument is tied to such external factors, the holder faces market risk. we are primarily exposed to interest rate risk as a result of offering a wide array of financial products to our customers and secondarily to price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiary, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans.
61
interest rate risk overview we actively manage interest rate risk, as changes in market interest rates can have a significant impact on reported earnings. changes in market interest rates may result in changes in the fair market value of our financial instruments, cash flows, and net interest income. we seek to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and capital while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. alco oversees market risk management, establishing risk measures, limits, and policy guidelines for managing the amount of interest rate risk and its effect on net interest income and capital. according to these policies, responsibility for measuring and the management of interest rate risk resides in the corporate treasury group.
interest rate risk on our balance sheet consists of reprice, option, and basis risks. reprice risk results from differences in the maturity, or repricing, of asset and liability portfolios. option risk arises from embedded options present in the investment portfolio and in many financial instruments such as loan prepayment options, deposit early withdrawal options, and interest rate options. these options allow customers opportunities to benefit when market interest rates change, which typically results in higher costs or lower revenue for us. basis risk refers to the potential for changes in the underlying relationship between market rates or indices, which subsequently result in a narrowing of profit spread on an earning asset or liability. basis risk is also present in administered rate liabilities, such as interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and money market accounts where historical pricing relationships to market rates may change due to the level or directional change in market interest rates. the interest rate risk position is measured and monitored using risk management tools, including earnings simulation modeling and eve sensitivity analysis, which capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposures. combining the results from these separate risk measurement processes allows a reasonably comprehensive view of our short-term and long-term interest rate risk.
interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the alco monthly and roc at least quarterly. the information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk.
we use two approaches to model interest rate risk: net interest income at risk (nii at risk) and eve.
nii at risk uses net interest income simulation analysis which involves forecasting net interest earnings under a variety of scenarios including changes in the level of interest rates, the shape of the yield curve, and spreads between market interest rates. the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in interest rates is measured using numerous interest rate scenarios including shocks, gradual ramps, curve flattening, curve steepening as well as forecasts of likely interest rates scenarios. modeling the sensitivity of net interest earnings to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on numerous assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. to the extent that actual performance is different than what was assumed, actual net interest earnings sensitivity may be different than projected. the assumptions used in the models are our best estimates based on studies conducted by the treasury department. the treasury department uses a data warehouse to study interest rate risk at a transactional level and uses various ad-hoc reports to refine assumptions continuously. assumptions and methodologies regarding administered rate liabilities (e.g., savings, money market and interest-bearing checking accounts), balance trends, and repricing relationships reflect our best estimate of expected behavior and these assumptions are reviewed regularly.
we also have longer-term interest rate risk exposure, which may not be appropriately measured by earnings sensitivity analysis. alco uses economic value of equity at risk modeling, or eve, sensitivity analysis to study the impact of long-term cash flows on earnings and capital. eve involves discounting present values of all cash flows of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet items under different interest rate scenarios. the discounted present value of all cash flows represents our eve. the analysis requires modifying the expected cash flows in each interest rate scenario, which will impact the discounted present value. the amount of base-case measurement and its sensitivity to shifts in the yield curve allow us to measure longer-term repricing and option risk in the balance sheet.
table 20 - net interest income at risk net interest income at risk (%)
basis point change scenario   -25                  +100                 +200
board policy limits           -      %             -2.0   %             -4.0   %
december 31, 2016             -1.0   %      2.7           %      5.6           %
december 31, 2015             -0.3   %      0.7           %      0.3           %
the nii at risk results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models gradual -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates, implied by the forward yield curve over the next twelve months. due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many assets and liabilities reach zero percent.
62
our nii at risk is within our board of director's policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. there is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. the nii at risk reported shows that our earnings are more asset sensitive at december 31, 2016 than at december 31, 2015, as a result of the $4.9 billion notional value reduction in asset receive-fixed cash flow swaps, the introduction of new non-maturity deposit models in the 2016 first quarter, and the firstmerit acquisition in the third quarter.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $10.8 billion of notional value in receive-fixed cash flow swaps, which we use for asset and liability management purposes. at december 31, 2016, the following table shows the expected maturity for asset and liability receive-fixed cash flow swaps:
table 21 - expected maturity for asset and liability receive-fixed cash flow swaps
(dollar amounts in thousands)   asset receive fixed-generic cash flow swaps                              liability receive fixed-generic cash flow swaps
2017   $3,250,000                                                                                    $500,000
2018   75,000                                                                                       2,610,000
2019   -                                                                                              575,000
2020   -                                                                                            1,300,000
2021   -                                                                                              990,000
2022   -                                                                                            1,000,000
thereafter   -                                                                                              500,000
table 22 - economic value of equity at risk economic value of equity at risk (%)
basis point change scenario   -25                  +100                 +200
board policy limits           -      %             -5.0   %             -12.0   %
december 31, 2016             -0.6   %      0.9           %      0.2            %
december 31, 2015             -0.4   %      0.5           %             -2.1    %
the eve results included in the table above reflect the analysis used monthly by management. it models immediate -25, +100 and +200 basis point parallel shifts in market interest rates. due to the current low level of short-term interest rates, the analysis reflects a declining interest rate scenario of 25 basis points, the point at which many deposit costs reach zero percent.
we are within our board of director's policy limits for the +100 and +200 basis point scenarios. there is no policy limit for the -25 basis point scenario. the eve depicts a moderate level of long-term interest rate risk, which indicates the balance sheet is positioned favorably for rising interest rates.
msrs
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 7 of notes to the consolidated financial statements.)
at december 31, 2016, we had a total of $186 million of capitalized msrs representing the right to service $18.9 billion in mortgage loans. of this $186 million, $13.7 million was recorded using the fair value method and $172.5 million was recorded using the amortization method.
msr fair values are sensitive to movements in interest rates as expected future net servicing income depends on the projected outstanding principal balances of the underlying loans, which can be reduced by prepayments. prepayments usually increase when mortgage interest rates decline and decrease when mortgage interest rates rise. we have employed hedging strategies to reduce the risk of msr fair value changes or impairment. however, volatile changes in interest rates can diminish the effectiveness of these economic hedges. we report msr fair value adjustments net of hedge-related trading activity in the mortgage banking income category of noninterest income. changes in fair value between reporting dates are recorded as an increase or a decrease in mortgage banking income.
msrs recorded using the amortization method generally relate to loans originated with historically low interest rates, resulting in a lower probability of prepayments and, ultimately, impairment. msr assets are included in servicing rights in the consolidated financial statements.
63
price risk price risk represents the risk of loss arising from adverse movements in the prices of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and are subject to fair value accounting. we have price risk from trading securities, securities owned by our broker-dealer subsidiary, foreign exchange positions, equity investments, and investments in securities backed by mortgage loans. we have established loss limits on the trading portfolio, on the amount of foreign exchange exposure that can be maintained, and on the amount of marketable equity securities that can be held.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the possibility of us being unable to meet current and future financial obligations in a timely manner. liquidity is managed to ensure stable, reliable, and cost-effective sources of funds to satisfy demand for credit, deposit withdrawals and investment opportunities. we consider core earnings, strong capital ratios, and credit quality essential for maintaining high credit ratings, which allows us cost-effective access to market-based liquidity. we rely on a large, stable core deposit base and a diversified base of wholesale funding sources to manage liquidity risk. the alco is appointed by the roc to oversee liquidity risk management and the establishment of liquidity risk policies and limits. the treasury department is responsible for identifying, measuring, and monitoring our liquidity profile. the position is evaluated daily, weekly, and monthly by analyzing the composition of all funding sources, reviewing projected liquidity commitments by future months, and identifying sources and uses of funds. the overall management of our liquidity position is also integrated into retail and commercial pricing policies to ensure a stable core deposit base. liquidity risk is reviewed and managed continuously for the bank and the parent company, as well as its subsidiaries. in addition, liquidity working groups meet regularly to identify and monitor liquidity positions, provide policy guidance, review funding strategies, and oversee the adherence to, and maintenance of, the contingency funding plans.
our primary source of liquidity is our core deposit base. core deposits comprised approximately 94% of total deposits at december 31, 2016. we also have available unused wholesale sources of liquidity, including advances from the fhlb of cincinnati, issuance through dealers in the capital markets, and access to certificates of deposit issued through brokers. liquidity is further provided by unencumbered, or unpledged, investment securities that totaled $15.0 billion as of december 31, 2016. the treasury department also prepares a contingency funding plan that details the potential erosion of funds in the event of a systemic financial market crisis or institutional-specific stress scenario. an example of an institution specific event would be a downgrade in our public credit rating by a rating agency due to factors such as deterioration in asset quality, a large charge to earnings, a decline in profitability or other financial measures, or a significant merger or acquisition. examples of systemic events unrelated to us that could have an effect on our access to liquidity would be terrorism or war, natural disasters, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. similarly, market speculation or rumors about us, or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. the liquidity contingency plan therefore outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. the plan provides for an evaluation of funding sources under various market conditions. it also assigns specific roles and responsibilities and communication protocols for effectively managing liquidity through a problem period.
available-for-sale and other securities portfolio
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
our investment securities portfolio is evaluated under established asset/liability management objectives. changing market conditions could affect the profitability of the portfolio, as well as the level of interest rate risk exposure.
the composition and maturity of the portfolio is presented on the following two tables:
table 23 - available-for-sale and other securities portfolio summary at fair value
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                                                                                          at december 31,
2016                                                                                                                      2015                    2014
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities                             $10,752,381              $4,643,073              $5,679,696
other                                                                                    4,810,456               4,132,368               3,704,974
total available-for-sale and other securities                                          $15,562,837              $8,775,441              $9,384,670
duration in years (1)                                                                          4.7                     5.2                     3.9
(1)   the average duration assumes a market driven prepayment rate on securities subject to prepayment.
table 24 - available-for-sale and other securities portfolio composition and maturity
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                                           at december 31, 2016
amortized
64
cost                fair value          yield (1)
u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities:
u.s. treasury:
1 year or less                                                            $4,978                  $4,988              1.12      %
after 1 year through 5 years                                                 502       509                            1.94
after 5 years through 10 years                                                 -                       -                 -
after 10 years                                                                 -                       -                 -
total u.s. treasury                                                        5,480                   5,497              1.20
federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities:
1 year or less                                                                 -                       -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                              46,591                  46,762              2.72
after 5 years through 10 years                                           173,941                 176,404              2.90
after 10 years                                                        10,630,929              10,450,176              2.22
total federal agencies: mortgage-backed securities                    10,851,461              10,673,342              2.24
other agencies:
1 year or less                                                             4,302                   4,367              3.39
after 1 year through 5 years                                               5,092                   5,247              3.00
after 5 years through 10 years                                            63,618                  63,928              2.48
after 10 years                                                                 -                       -                 -
total other agencies                                                      73,012                  73,542              2.57
total u.s. treasury, federal agency, and other agency securities      10,929,953              10,752,381                 -
municipal securities:
1 year or less                                                           169,636                 166,887              3.70
after 1 year through 5 years                                             933,893                 933,903              3.36
after 5 years through 10 years                                         1,463,459               1,464,583              3.58
after 10 years                                                           693,440                 684,684              4.28
total municipal securities                                             3,260,428               3,250,057              3.68
private-label cmo:                                                                                                       -
1 year or less                                                                 -                       -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                                   -                       -              3.19
after 5 years through 10 years                                                 -                       -                 -
after 10 years                                                                 -                       -              3.21
total private-label cmo                                                        -                       -              3.21
asset-backed securities:
1 year or less                                                                 -                       -                 -
after 1 year through 5 years                                              80,700                  80,560              2.54
after 5 years through 10 years                                           223,352                 224,565              2.80
after 10 years                                                           520,072                 488,356              2.93
total asset-backed securities                                            824,124                 793,481              2.86
corporate debt:
1 year or less                                                            43,223                  43,603              4.29
after 1 year through 5 years                                              78,430                  80,196              3.74
after 5 years through 10 years                                            32,523                  32,865              3.66
after 10 years                                                            40,361                  42,019              3.15
total corporate debt                                                     194,537                 198,683              3.73
other:
1 year or less                                                             1,650                   1,650              2.39
65
after 1 year through 5 years                            2,302              2,283       2.76
after 5 years through 10 years                              -                  -        n/a after 10 years                                             10   10                      n/a non-marketable equity securities (2)                  547,704            547,704       3.17
mutual funds                                           15,286             15,286        n/a marketable equity securities (3)                          861              1,302        n/a total other                                           567,813            568,235       3.07
total available-for-sale and other securities     $15,776,855        $15,562,837       2.61   %
(1)   weighted average yields were calculated using amortized cost on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, assuming a 35% tax rate.
(2)   consists of fhlb and frb restricted stock holding carried at par. for 2016, the federal reserve reduced the dividend rate on frb stock from 6% to 2.45%, the current 10-year treasury rate for banks with more than $10 billion in assets.
(3)   consists of certain mutual fund and equity security holdings.
investment securities portfolio the expected weighted average maturities of our afs and htm portfolios are significantly shorter than their contractual maturities as reflected in note 5 and note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. particularly regarding the mbs and abs, prepayments of principal and interest that historically occur in advance of scheduled maturities will shorten the expected life of these portfolios. the expected weighted average maturities, which take into account expected prepayments of principal and interest under existing interest rate conditions, are shown in the following table:
table 25 - expected life of investment securities
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                                                                                                at december 31, 2016
available-for-sale &amp; other                                    held-to-maturity securities                                          securities amortized                          fair                 amortized                      fair cost                         value                      cost                     value
1 year or less                                          $394,532                              $389,422                    $11,479                    $11,469
after 1 year through 5 years                           4,135,992                             4,131,335                  2,544,725                  2,534,949
after 5 years through 10 years (1)                     9,895,629                             9,709,394                  5,244,564                  5,234,948
after 10 years                                           786,442                               767,986                      6,171                      5,902
other securities                                         564,260                               564,700                          -                          -
total                                                $15,776,855                           $15,562,837                 $7,806,939                 $7,787,268
(1) the average duration of the securities with an average life of 5 years to 10 years is 5.28 years bank liquidity and sources of funding our primary sources of funding for the bank are retail and commercial core deposits. at december 31, 2016, these core deposits funded 72% of total assets (107% of total loans). other sources of liquidity include non-core deposits, fhlb advances, wholesale debt instruments, and securitizations. demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan balances and were $23 million and $16 million at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively.
the following tables reflect contractual maturities of other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds as well as other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds at december 31, 2016.
table 26 - maturity schedule of time deposits, brokered deposits, and negotiable cds
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                                                                                           at december 31, 2016
3 monthsor less               3 monthsto 6 months              6 monthsto 12 months               12 monthsor more          total other domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $3,770                              $60                              $145                            $203                  $4,178
other domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more and brokered deposits and negotiable cds          $3,938                             $170                              $350                            $438                  $4,896
66
the following table reflects deposit composition detail for each of the last three years:
table 27 - deposit composition
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                         at december 31,
2016                                                                                             2015                           2014
by type:
demand deposits-noninterest-bearing             $22,836         30   %         $16,480         30   %         $15,393         30   %
demand deposits-interest-bearing                 15,676         21               7,682         14               6,248         12
money market deposits                            18,407         24              19,792         36              18,986         37
savings and other domestic deposits              11,975         16               5,246          9               5,048         10
core certificates of deposit                      2,535          3               2,382          4               2,936          5
total core deposits:                             71,429         94              51,582         93              48,612         94
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more         394          1                 501          1                 198          -
brokered deposits and negotiable cds              3,784          5               2,944          5               2,522          5
deposits in foreign offices                           -          -                 268          1                 401          1
total deposits                                  $75,608        100   %         $55,295        100   %         $51,733        100   %
total core deposits:
commercial                                      $31,887         45   %         $24,474         47   %         $19,982         44   %
consumer                                         39,542         55              27,108         53              25,355         56
total core deposits                             $71,429        100   %         $51,582        100   %         $45,337        100   %
the following table reflects short-term borrowings detail for each of the last three years:
table 28 - federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                       at december 31,
2016                                                                                                      2015                2014
weighted average interest rate at year-end federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase        0.35   %            0.13   %            0.08   %
federal home loan bank advances                                                   0.65                   -                0.14
other short-term borrowings                                                       0.66                0.27                1.11
maximum amount outstanding at month-end during the year federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase      $1,537              $1,120              $1,491
federal home loan bank advances                                                  2,425               1,850               2,375
other short-term borrowings                                                         64                  43                  56
average amount outstanding during the year federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase        $690                $784                $987
federal home loan bank advances                                                    822                 542               1,753
other short-term borrowings                                                         18                  20                  21
weighted average interest rate during the year federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase        0.14   %            0.06   %            0.07   %
federal home loan bank advances                                                   0.44                0.16                0.06
other short-term borrowings                                                       2.86                1.17                1.63
the bank maintains borrowing capacity at the fhlb and the federal reserve bank discount window. the bank does not consider borrowing capacity from the federal reserve bank discount window as a primary source of liquidity. information regarding amounts pledged, for the ability to borrow if necessary, and the unused borrowing capacity at both the federal reserve bank and the fhlb, is outlined in the following table:
67
table 29 - federal reserve bank and fhlb borrowing capacity
(dollar amounts in billions)                                                        at december 31,
2016                                                                                           2015
loans and securities pledged:
federal reserve bank                                                 $10.0                $8.3
fhlb                                                                   9.7                 9.2
total loans and securities pledged                                   $19.7               $17.5
total unused borrowing capacity at federal reserve bank and fhlb     $14.1               $13.6
(for further information related to debt issuances please see note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
to the extent we are unable to obtain sufficient liquidity through core deposits, we may meet our liquidity needs through sources of wholesale funding, asset securitization, or sale.  sources of wholesale funding include other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more, brokered deposits and negotiable cds, deposits in foreign offices, short-term borrowings, and long-term debt. at december 31, 2016, total wholesale funding was $16.2 billion, an increase from $11.4 billion at december 31, 2015. the increase from prior year-end primarily relates to an increase in short-term borrowings, brokered time deposits and negotiable cds, and long-term debt, partially offset by a decrease in deposits in foreign offices and domestic time deposits of $250,000 or more.
liquidity coverage ratio at december 31, 2016, we believe the bank had sufficient liquidity to be in compliance with the lcr requirements and to meet its cash flow obligations for the foreseeable future.
table 30 - maturity schedule of commercial loans
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                         at december 31, 2016
one year                 one to                  after                 total          percent or less             five years             five years                                     of total commercial and industrial                $6,557               $16,805                 $4,697                $28,059              79     %
commercial real estate-construction         536        823                                87                  1,446               4
commercial real estate-commercial         1,374                 3,465                  1,016                  5,855              17
total                                    $8,467               $21,093                 $5,800                $35,360             100     %
variable-interest rates                  $7,170               $16,487                 $3,419                $27,076              77     %
fixed-interest rates                      1,297                 4,606                  2,381                  8,284              23
total                                    $8,467               $21,093                 $5,800                $35,360             100     %
percent of total                             24    %   60                 %               16     %              100    %
at december 31, 2016, the carrying value of investment securities pledged to secure public and trust deposits, trading account liabilities, u.s. treasury demand notes, and security repurchase agreements totaled $5.0 billion. there were no securities of a non-governmental single issuer that exceeded 10% of shareholders' equity at december 31, 2016.
parent company liquidity the parent company's funding requirements consist primarily of dividends to shareholders, debt service, income taxes, operating expenses, funding of nonbank subsidiaries, repurchases of our stock, and acquisitions. the parent company obtains funding to meet obligations from dividends and interest received from the bank, interest and dividends received from direct subsidiaries, net taxes collected from subsidiaries included in the federal consolidated tax return, fees for services provided to subsidiaries, and the issuance of debt securities.
at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, the parent company had $1.8 billion and $0.9 billion, respectively, in cash and cash equivalents. the increase primarily relates to 2016 issuances of long-term debt and preferred stock.
68
on january 18, 2017, the board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.08 per common share. the dividend is payable on april 3 2017, to shareholders of record on march 20, 2017. based on the current quarterly dividend of $0.08 per common share, cash demands required for common stock dividends are estimated to be approximately $87 million per quarter. on january 18, 2017, the board of directors declared a quarterly series a, series, b, series, c, and series d preferred stock dividend payable on april 17, 2017 to shareholders of record on april 1, 2017. based on the current dividend, cash demands required for series a preferred stock are estimated to be approximately $8 million per quarter. cash demands required for series b preferred stock are expected to be less than $1 million per quarter. cash demands required for series c preferred stock are expected to be approximately $2 million per quarter. cash demands required for series d preferred stock are expected to be approximately $9 million per quarter.
during the fourth quarter, the bank declared a return of capital to the holding company of $225 million payable in the 2017 first quarter. to help meet any additional liquidity needs, the parent company may issue debt or equity securities from time to time. in april 2016, the bank issued $490 million of preferred stock to the holding company. in the 2016 third and fourth quarter, the bank declared and paid a preferred dividend of $7 million to the holding company.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements. these arrangements include commitments to extend credit, interest rate swaps, financial guarantees contained in standby letters-of-credit issued by the bank, and commitments by the bank to sell mortgage loans.
commitments to extend credit commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable-rate, and contain clauses that permit huntington to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer's credit quality. these arrangements normally require the payment of a fee by the customer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. the interest rate risk arising from these financial instruments is insignificant as a result of their predominantly short-term, variable-rate nature. see note 21 for more information.
interest rate swaps balance sheet hedging activity is arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and is classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. fair value hedges are purchased to convert deposits and long-term debt from fixed-rate obligations to floating rate. cash flow hedges are also used to convert floating rate loans made to customers into fixed rate loans. see note 19 for more information.
standby letters-of-credit standby letters-of-credit are conditional commitments issued to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third-party. these guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing, and similar transactions. most of these arrangements mature within two years and are expected to expire without being drawn upon. standby letters-of-credit are included in the determination of the amount of risk-based capital that the parent company and the bank are required to hold. through our credit process, we monitor the credit risks of outstanding standby letters-of-credit. when it is probable that a standby letter-of-credit will be drawn and not repaid in full, a loss is recognized in the provision for credit losses. see note 21 for more information.
commitments to sell loans activity related to our mortgage origination activity supports the hedging of the mortgage pricing commitments to customers and the secondary sale to third parties. in addition, we have commitments to sell residential real estate loans. these contracts mature in less than one year. see note 21 for more information.
we believe that off-balance sheet arrangements are properly considered in our liquidity risk management process.
69
table 31 - contractual obligations (1)
(dollar amounts in millions)                                                                                                                   at december 31, 2016
one yearor less           1 to 3years           3 to 5years            more than5 years               total deposits without a stated maturity                      $67,786                      $-                    $-                        $-                 $67,786
certificates of deposit and other time deposits           4,498                   1,839                 1,164                       321                   7,822
short-term borrowings                                     3,693                       -                     -                         -                   3,693
long-term debt                                              814                   3,385                 2,426                     1,758                   8,383
operating lease obligations                                  59           102                              76                       152           389
purchase commitments                                         96           112                              34                        16           258
(1)   amounts do not include associated interest payments.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss due to human error; inadequate or failed internal systems and controls, including the use of financial or other quantitative methodologies that may not adequately predict future results; violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards; and external influences such as market conditions, fraudulent activities, disasters, and security risks. we continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to ensure compliance with laws, rules, and regulations, and to improve the oversight of our operational risk. we actively and continuously monitor cyber-attacks such as attempts related to online deception and loss of sensitive customer data. we evaluate internal systems, processes and controls to mitigate loss from cyber-attacks and, to date, have not experienced any material losses.
our objective for managing cyber security risk is to avoid or minimize the impacts of external threat events or other efforts to penetrate our systems. we work to achieve this objective by hardening networks and systems against attack, and by diligently managing visibility and monitoring controls within our data and communications environment to recognize events and respond before the attacker has the opportunity to plan and execute on its own goals. to this end we employ a set of defense in-depth strategies, which include efforts to make us less attractive as a target and less vulnerable to threats, while investing in threat analytic capabilities for rapid detection and response. potential concerns related to cyber security may be escalated to our board-level technology committee, as appropriate. as a complement to the overall cyber security risk management, we use a number of internal training methods, both formally through mandatory courses and informally through written communications and other updates. internal policies and procedures have been implemented to encourage the reporting of potential phishing attacks or other security risks. we also use third-party services to test the effectiveness of our cyber security risk management framework, and any such third parties are required to comply with our policies regarding information security and confidentiality.
to mitigate operational risks, we have a senior management operational risk committee and a senior management legal, regulatory, and compliance committee. the responsibilities of these committees, among other duties, include establishing and maintaining management information systems to monitor material risks and to identify potential concerns, risks, or trends that may have a significant impact and ensuring that recommendations are developed to address the identified issues. in addition, we have a senior management model risk oversight committee that is responsible for policies and procedures describing how model risk is evaluated and managed and the application of the governance process to implement these practices throughout the enterprise. these committees report any significant findings and recommendations to the risk management committee. potential concerns may be escalated to our roc, as appropriate.
the firstmerit integration is inherently large and complex. our objective for managing execution risk is to minimize impacts to daily operations. we have an established integration management office led by senior management. responsibilities include central management, reporting, and escalation of key integration deliverables. in addition, a board level integration governance committee has been established to assist in the oversight of the integration of people, systems, and processes of firstmerit with huntington.
the goal of this framework is to implement effective operational risk techniques and strategies; minimize operational, fraud, and legal losses; minimize the impact of inadequately designed models and enhance our overall performance.
70
compliance risk financial institutions are subject to many laws, rules, and regulations at both the federal and state levels. these broad-based laws, rules, and regulations include, but are not limited to, expectations relating to anti-money laundering, lending limits, client privacy, fair lending, prohibitions against unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices, protections for military members as they enter active duty, and community reinvestment. additionally, the volume and complexity of recent regulatory changes have increased our overall compliance risk. as such, we utilize various resources to help ensure expectations are met, including a team of compliance experts dedicated to ensuring our conformance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations. our colleagues receive training for several broad-based laws and regulations including, but not limited to, anti-money laundering and customer privacy. additionally, colleagues engaged in lending activities receive training for laws and regulations related to flood disaster protection, equal credit opportunity, fair lending, and/or other courses related to the extension of credit. we set a high standard of expectation for adherence to compliance management and seek to continuously enhance our performance.
capital
(this section should be read in conjunction with the regulatory matters section included in part 1, item 1 and note 22 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are managed at the bank and on a consolidated basis. we have an active program for managing capital and maintain a comprehensive process for assessing the company's overall capital adequacy. we believe our current levels of both regulatory capital and shareholders' equity are adequate.
regulatory capital we are subject to the basel iii capital requirements including the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule. the following table presents risk-weighted assets and other financial data necessary to calculate certain financial ratios, including the common cet1 on a basel iii basis, which we use to measure capital adequacy.
71
table 32 - capital under current regulatory standards (transitional basel iii basis) (non-gaap)
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
at december 31,
2016                                                2015
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio:
total shareholders' equity                                                                           $10,308                                              $6,595
regulatory capital adjustments:
shareholders' preferred equity and related surplus                                                    (1,076            )                                   (386            )
accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) offset                                                     401                                                 226
goodwill and other intangibles, net of taxes                                                          (2,126            )                                   (695            )
deferred tax assets that arise from tax loss and credit carryforwards                                    (21            )                                    (19            )
common equity tier 1 capital                                                                           7,486                                               5,721
additional tier 1 capital shareholders' preferred equity                                                                         1,076                                                 386
qualifying capital instruments subject to phase-out                                                        -                                                  76
other                                                                                                    (15            )                                    (29            )
tier 1 capital                                                                                         8,547                                               6,154
ltd and other tier 2 qualifying instruments                                                              932                                                 563
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                                           736                                                 670
tier 2 capital                                                                                         1,668                                               1,233
total risk-based capital                                                                             $10,215                                              $7,387
risk-weighted assets (rwa)                                                                           $78,263                                             $58,420
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                           9.56            %                                   9.79            %
other regulatory capital data:
tier 1 leverage ratio                                                                                   8.70                                                8.79
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                                                        10.92                                               10.53
total risk-based capital ratio                                                                         13.05                                               12.64
tangible common equity / rwa ratio                                                                      8.92                                                9.41
72
table 33 - capital adequacy-non-regulatory (non-gaap)
(dollar amounts in millions)
at december 31,
2016                                                                                                 2015
consolidated capital calculations:
common shareholders' equity                                $9,237                          $6,209
preferred shareholders' equity                              1,071                             386
total shareholders' equity                                 10,308                           6,595
goodwill                                                   (1,993       )                    (677       )
other intangible assets                                      (402       )                     (55       )
other intangible asset deferred tax liability (1)             141                              19
total tangible equity                                       8,054                           5,882
preferred shareholders' equity                             (1,071       )                    (386       )
total tangible common equity                               $6,983                          $5,496
total assets                                              $99,714                         $71,018
goodwill                                                   (1,993       )                    (677       )
other intangible assets                                      (402       )                     (55       )
other intangible asset deferred tax liability (1)             141                              19
total tangible assets                                     $97,460                         $70,305
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio                       8.26       %                    8.37       %
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio                7.16                            7.82
(1)   other intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
73
the following table presents certain regulatory capital data at both the consolidated and bank levels for the past two years:
table 34 - regulatory capital data (1)
(dollar amounts in millions)
at december 31, basel iii
2016                                           2015
total risk-weighted assets                      consolidated     $78,263               $58,420
bank              78,242                58,351
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital         consolidated       7,486                 5,721
bank               8,153                 5,519
tier 1 risk-based capital                       consolidated       8,547                 6,154
bank               9,086                 5,735
tier 2 risk-based capital                       consolidated       1,668                 1,233
bank               1,732                 1,115
total risk-based capital                        consolidated      10,215                 7,387
bank              10,818                 6,851
tier 1 leverage ratio                           consolidated        8.70    %             8.79    %
bank                9.29                  8.21
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio   consolidated        9.56                  9.79
bank               10.42                  9.46
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                 consolidated       10.92                 10.53
bank               11.61                  9.83
total risk-based capital ratio                  consolidated       13.05                 12.64
bank               13.83                 11.74
all capital ratios were impacted by the $1.3 billion of goodwill created and the issuance of $2.8 billion of common stock as part of the firstmerit acquisition. the regulatory tier 1 risk-based and total risk-based capital ratios benefited from the issuance of $400 million and $200 million of class d preferred equity during the 2016 first and second quarters, respectively, and the issuance of $100 million of class c preferred equity during the 2016 third quarter in exchange for firstmerit preferred equity in conjunction with the acquisition. the total risk-based capital ratio was impacted by the repurchase of $40 million of trust preferred securities during the 2016 fourth quarter and $20 million of trust preferred securities during the 2016 third quarter, both of which were executed under the de minimis clause of the federal reserve's ccar rules. in addition, $5 million of trust preferred securities were acquired in the firstmerit acquisition and subsequently were redeemed.
shareholders' equity we generate shareholders' equity primarily through the retention of earnings, net of dividends and share repurchases. other potential sources of shareholders' equity include issuances of common and preferred stock. our objective is to maintain capital at an amount commensurate with our risk profile and risk tolerance objectives, to meet both regulatory and market expectations, and to provide the flexibility needed for future growth and business opportunities.
shareholders' equity totaled $10.3 billion at december 31, 2016, an increase of $3.7 billion when compared with december 31, 2015. in connection with the firstmerit merger, during the 2016 third quarter, we issued $2.8 billion of common stock and $0.1 billion of preferred stock. during the 2016 first and second quarter, we issued $400 million and $200 million of preferred stock, respectively. costs of $15 million related to the issuances are reported as a direct deduction from the face amount of the stock.
on june 29, 2016, we announced that the federal reserve did not object to our proposed capital actions included in our capital plan submitted to the federal reserve in april 2016 as part of the 2016 comprehensive capital analysis and review ("ccar"). these actions included a 14% increase in the quarterly dividend per common share to $0.08, starting in the fourth quarter of 2016. our capital plan also included the issuance of capital in connection with the acquisition of firstmerit corporation and continues the previously announced suspension of our share repurchase program.
74
dividends we consider disciplined capital management as a key objective, with dividends representing one component. our current capital ratios and expectations for continued earnings growth positions us to continue to actively explore additional capital management opportunities.
share repurchases from time to time the board of directors authorizes the company to repurchase shares of our common stock. although we announce when the board of directors authorizes share repurchases, we typically do not give any public notice before we repurchase our shares. future stock repurchases may be private or open-market repurchases, including block transactions, accelerated or delayed block transactions, forward transactions, and similar transactions. various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, the number of shares we expect to issue for employee benefit plans and acquisitions, market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations, including the frb's response to our annual capital plan. our capital plan continues the previously announced suspension of our share repurchase program. there were no common shares repurchased during 2016.
business segment discussion overview our business segments are based on our internally-aligned segment leadership structure, which is how we monitor results and assess performance. we have five major business segments: consumer and business banking, commercial banking, commercial real estate and vehicle finance (crevf), regional banking and the huntington private client group (rbhpcg), and home lending. a treasury / other function includes technology and operations, other unallocated assets, liabilities, revenue, and expense.
business segment results are determined based upon our management reporting system, which assigns balance sheet and income statement items to each of the business segments. the process is designed around our organizational and management structure and, accordingly, the results derived are not necessarily comparable with similar information published by other financial institutions.
on august 16, 2016, we completed our acquisition of firstmerit corporation and segment results were impacted by the mid-quarter acquisition.
revenue sharing revenue is recorded in the business segment responsible for the related product or service. fee sharing is recorded to allocate portions of such revenue to other business segments involved in selling to, or providing service to customers. results of operations for the business segments reflect these fee sharing allocations.
expense allocation the management accounting process that develops the business segment reporting utilizes various estimates and allocation methodologies to measure the performance of the business segments. expenses are allocated to business segments using a two-phase approach. the first phase consists of measuring and assigning unit costs (activity-based costs) to activities related to product origination and servicing. these activity-based costs are then extended, based on volumes, with the resulting amount allocated to business segments that own the related products. the second phase consists of the allocation of overhead costs to all five business segments from treasury / other. we utilize a full-allocation methodology, where all treasury / other expenses, except reported significant items, and a small amount of other residual unallocated expenses, are allocated to the five business segments.
funds transfer pricing (ftp)
we use an active and centralized ftp methodology to attribute appropriate income to the business segments. the intent of the ftp methodology is to transfer interest rate risk from the business segments by providing matched duration funding of assets and liabilities. the result is to centralize the financial impact, management, and reporting of interest rate risk in the treasury / other function where it can be centrally monitored and managed. the treasury / other function charges (credits) an internal cost of funds for assets held in (or pays for funding provided by) each business segment. the ftp rate is based on prevailing market interest rates for comparable duration assets (or liabilities).
75
net income by business segment net income by business segment for the past three years is presented in the following table:
table 35 - net income (loss) by business segment
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                                      year ended december 31,
2016                                                 2015                        2014
consumer and business banking      $358,146                    $236,298                    $172,199
commercial banking                  197,375                     198,008                     152,653
crevf                               203,029                     164,830                     196,377
rbhpcg                               68,504                      37,861                      22,010
home lending                         17,837                      (6,561      )              (19,727      )
treasury / other                   (133,070      )               62,521                     108,880
net income                         $711,821                    $692,957                    $632,392
treasury / other the treasury / other function includes revenue and expense related to assets, liabilities, and equity not directly assigned or allocated to one of the five business segments. other assets include investment securities and bank owned life insurance. the financial impact associated with our ftp methodology, as described above, is also included.
the net loss reported by the treasury / other function reflected a combination of factors:
•   the impact of our investment securities portfolios and the net impact of derivatives used to hedge interest rate sensitivity.
•   $282 million of firstmerit acquisition-related expense, $42 million reduction to litigation reserves, certain corporate administrative, and other miscellaneous expenses not allocated to other business segments.
•   the provision for income taxes for the business segments is calculated at a statutory 35% tax rate, though our overall effective tax rate is lower. as a result, treasury / other reflects a credit for income taxes representing the difference between the lower actual effective tax rate and the statutory tax rate used to allocate income taxes to the business segments.
consumer and business banking table 36 - key performance indicators for consumer and business banking
(dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted)
year ended december 31,                            change from 2015
2016                                                                                              2015                    amount           percent                      2014
net interest income                                       $1,272,713                  $1,027,950                  $244,763                24   %              $912,992
provision for credit losses                                   71,945                      42,777                    29,168                68                    75,529
noninterest income                                           558,811                     478,142                    80,669                17                   409,746
noninterest expense                                        1,208,585                   1,099,779                   108,806                10                   982,288
provision for income taxes                                   192,848                     127,238                    65,610                52                    92,722
net income                                                  $358,146                    $236,298                  $121,848                52   %              $172,199
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)             6,488                       5,776                       712                12   %                 5,239
total average assets (in millions)                           $17,963                     $15,571                    $2,392                15                   $14,861
total average loans/leases (in millions)                      15,187                      13,581                     1,606                12                    13,034
total average deposits (in millions)                          36,442                      30,200                     6,242                21                    29,023
net interest margin                                             3.58     %                  3.47     %                0.11     %           3                      3.19     %
ncos                                                         $70,139                     $62,729                    $7,410                12                   $90,628
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                         0.46     %                  0.46     %                   -     %           -   %                  0.70     %
76
2016 vs. 2015
consumer and business banking reported net income of $358 million in 2016. this was an increase of $122 million, or 52%, compared to the year-ago period. the increase in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
the increase in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $6.2 billion, or 21%, increase in total average deposits and a 10 basis point increase in deposit spreads, as a result of an increase in the ftp rates assigned to deposits.
•   $1.6 billion or 12%, increase in total average loans combined with an 18 basis point increase in loan spreads, as a result of a reduction in the ftp rates assigned to loans and improved effective rates.
the increase in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   the migration of the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio, which required a reserve build, portfolio growth, and a $7 million, or 12%, increase in ncos.
the increase in total average loans and leases from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $1.2 billion, or 13%, increase in consumer loans, primarily due to the acquisition and core growth in home equity lines of credit, credit card, and residential mortgages.
•   $0.4 billion, or 10%, increase in commercial loans, primarily due to the impact of the acquisition and core portfolio growth.
the increase in total average deposits from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $6.2 billion, or 21%, increase due to the acquisition and core household growth.
the increase in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $36 million, or 16%, increase in service charges on deposits accounts cards, primarily due to new customer acquisition.
•   $35 million, or 29%, increase in cards and payment processing income, primarily due to higher debit card-related transaction volumes and an increase in the number of households.
•   $12 million, or 51%, increase in mortgage banking income.
the increase in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $56 million, or 16%, increase in personnel costs, primarily due to the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $22 million, or 4%, increase in other noninterest expense, primarily reflecting an increase in allocated overhead expenses.
•   $14 million, or 18%, increase in occupancy expense, primarily due to the firstmerit acquisition.
2015 vs. 2014
consumer and business banking reported net income of $236 million in 2015, compared with a net income of $172 million in 2014. the $64 million increase included a $33 million, or 43%, decrease in provision for credit losses, a $68 million, or 17%, increase noninterest income, and a $115 million, or 13%, increase in net interest income partially offset by a $35 million, or 37%, increase in provision for income taxes and a $117 million, or 12%, increase in noninterest expense.
77
commercial banking table 37 - key performance indicators for commercial banking
(dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted)
year ended december 31,                            change from 2015
2016                                                                                          2015                    amount           percent                      2014
net interest income                                       $512,995                  $379,409                  $133,586                35   %              $306,434
provision for credit losses                                 98,816                    49,534                    49,282                99                    31,521
noninterest income                                         275,258                   258,778                    16,480                 6                   209,238
noninterest expense                                        385,783                   284,026                   101,757                36                   249,300
provision for income taxes                                 106,279                   106,619                      (340     )           -                    82,198
net income                                                $197,375                  $198,008                     $(633     )           -   %              $152,653
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)           1,307                     1,208                        99                 8   %                 1,026
total average assets (in millions)                         $20,373                   $16,123                    $4,250                26                   $14,145
total average loans/leases (in millions)                    15,936                    12,844                     3,092                24                    11,901
total average deposits (in millions)                        12,964                    11,410                     1,554                14                    10,207
net interest margin                                           2.95     %                2.77     %                0.18     %           6                      2.53     %
ncos                                                       $27,237                   $22,226                    $5,011                23                    $7,852
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                       0.17     %                0.17     %                   -     %           -   %                  0.07     %
2016 vs. 2015
commercial banking reported net income of $197 million in 2016. this was a decrease of $1 million, or less than one percent, compared to the year-ago period. the decrease in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
the increase in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $3.1 billion, or 24%, increase in average loans/leases.
•   $0.7 billion, or 41%, increase in average available-for-sale securities, primarily related to direct purchase municipal securities.
•   $1.6 billion, or 14%, increase in average total deposits.
•   18 basis point increase in the net interest margin due to a 13 basis point increase in the mix and yield on earning assets, of which 5 basis point increase in the net interest margin attributed to the mix in deposits stemming from a growth of $1.0 billion, or 18%, in average non-interest bearing demand deposits.
the increase in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   the migration of the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio, which required a reserve build, portfolio growth, and a$5 million, or 23%, increase in ncos.
the increase in total average assets from the year-ago period reflected:
•   the third quarter 2016 acquisition of firstmerit.
•   $0.7 billion, or 19%, increase in the equipment finance loan and bond financing portfolio, which primarily reflected our focus on developing vertical strategies in huntington public capital, business aircraft, rail industry, lender finance, and syndications, as well as the 2015 first quarter acquisition of huntington technology finance.
•   $0.4 billion, or 15%, increase in the corporate banking loan portfolio due to establishing relationships with targeted prospects within our footprint.
the increase in total average deposits from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $1.6 billion, or 15%, increase in core deposits, which primarily reflected a $1.0 billion, or 18%, increase in noninterest-bearing demand deposits. middle market accounts contributed $1.3 billion of the overall balance growth, while large corporate accounts declined $0.3 billion.
78
the increase in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $11 million, or 31%, increase in commitment and other loan related fees, such as syndication fees.
•   $10 million, or 17%, increase in service charges on deposit accounts and other treasury management related revenue, primarily due to growth in commercial card revenue, merchant services revenue, and cash management services.
•   $5 million, or 12%, increase in capital market fees, primarily due to growth in customer interest rate derivative contracts, foreign exchange, and commodities, partially offset by a decrease in underwriting fees.
partially offset by:
•   $3 million, or 7%, decrease in equipment and technology finance related fee income, primarily reflecting reduced gains on the sale of loans/leases and income on terminated leases.
•   $3 million, or 5%, decrease in insurance related fee income, primarily reflecting a decrease in property &amp; casualty insurance, as well as an increase in fee sharing to other business segments.
•   $2 million, or 15%, decrease in international fee income, primarily reflecting a decrease in bankers' acceptances.
•   $1 million, or 6%, decrease in all other income, primarily reflecting a decrease in fee sharing from other business segments.
the increase in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $58 million, or 189%, increase in allocated overhead expense.
•   $31 million, or 18%, increase in personnel expense, primarily reflecting the 2016 third quarter acquisition of firstmerit. the increase also reflects additional cost from annual merit salary adjustments and incentives.
•   $5 million, or 63%, increase in fdic insurance premiums, primarily reflecting the 2016 third quarter acquisition of firstmerit.
•   $7 million, or 10%, increase in all other expense, primarily reflecting the 2016 third quarter acquisition of firstmerit.
2015 vs. 2014
commercial banking reported net income of $198 million in 2015, compared with net income of $153 million in 2014. the $45 million increase included a $73 million, or 24%, increase in net interest income, a $50 million, or 24%, increase in noninterest income, and a $35 million, or 14%, increase in noninterest expense partially offset by $24 million, or 30%, increase in provision for income taxes and a $18 million, or 57%, increase in provision for credit losses.
commercial real estate and vehicle finance table 38 - commercial real estate and vehicle finance
(dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted)
year ended december 31,                        change from 2015
2016                                                                                          2015                amount           percent                    2014
net interest income                                       $468,969                  $381,231                $87,738               23   %             $379,363
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses        26,922                     4,890                 22,032              451                  (52,843    )
noninterest income                                          40,582                    29,254                 11,328               39                   26,628
noninterest expense                                        170,276                   152,010                 18,266               12                  156,715
provision for income taxes                                 109,324                    88,755                 20,569               23                  105,742
net income                                                $203,029                  $164,830                $38,199               23   %             $196,377
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)             346                       302                     44               15   %                  271
total average assets (in millions)                         $20,753                   $16,894                 $3,859               23                  $14,591
total average loans/leases (in millions)                    19,386                    15,812                  3,574               23                   14,224
total average deposits (in millions)                         1,719                     1,496                    223               15                    1,204
net interest margin                                           2.33     %                2.34     %            (0.01   )%           -                     2.61    %
ncos                                                        $9,460                   $(8,027     )          $17,487             n.r.                   $2,100
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                       0.05     %               (0.05    )%             0.10    %        n.r.                     0.01    %
n.r. - not relevant.
79
2016 vs. 2015
crevf reported net income of $203 million in 2016. this was an increase of $38 million, or 23%, compared to the year-ago period. the increase in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
the increase in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $1.8 billion, or 20%, increase in average automobile loans, primarily due to continued strong origination volume, which has exceeded $1.0 billion for each of the last 8 quarters. this increase also reflected $0.6 billion of indirect automobile loans acquired from firstmerit and the $0.8 billion automobile securitization and sale completed in 2015 second quarter.
•   $0.7 billion indirect recreational loans acquired from firstmerit.
•   $1.1 billion, or 16%, increase in commercial loans primarily due to an increase in automobile floor plan balances and commercial real estate loans acquired from firstmerit.
partially offset by:
•   a 1 basis point decrease in the net interest margin as the impact of competitive pricing pressures was mostly offset by higher spreads on the acquired firstmerit portfolios.
the increase in the provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $17 million increase in ncos incurred with the mezzanine portfolio.
the increase in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $5 million, or 26%, increase in other income primarily related to fee sharing income from derivative product sales.
•   $2 million, 46%, increase in gains on sales of loans related to 2016 fourth quarter balance sheet optimization strategies.
•   $3 million increase in securities gains.
the increase in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $7 million, or 21%, increase in personnel costs due to a higher number of employees, resulting from higher production and business development activities as well as additional colleagues added from firstmerit.
•   $6 million, or 6%, increase in other noninterest expense, primarily due to an increase in allocated expenses.
•   $5 million increase in allocated fdic insurance expense.
2015 vs. 2014
crevf reported net income of $165 million in 2015, compared with a net income of $196 million in 2014. the $31 million decrease included a $58 million, or 109%, increase in the provision for credit losses, $3 million, or 10%, increase in noninterest income partially offset by a $2 million, or less than one percent, increase in net interest income and a $17 million, or 16%, decrease in provision for income taxes.
80
regional banking and the huntington private client group table 39 - key performance indicators for regional banking and the huntington private client group
(dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted)
year ended december 31,                                        change from 2015
2016                                                                                                                  2015                          amount                 percent                            2014
net interest income                                             $177,431                                $139,188                           $38,243                      27       %                $101,839
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses              (3,467         )                            87                            (3,554       )            n.r.                           4,893
noninterest income                                               120,687                                 114,814                             5,873                       5                         173,550
noninterest expense                                              196,194                                 195,667                               527                       -                         236,634
provision for income taxes                                        36,887                                  20,387                            16,500                      81                          11,852
net income                                                       $68,504                                 $37,861                           $30,643                      81       %                 $22,010
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)                   630                                     651                               (21       )              (3      )%                   1,022
total average assets (in millions)                                $4,805                                  $4,213                              $592                      14                          $3,812
total average loans/leases (in millions)                           4,187                                   3,785                               402                      11                           2,894
total average deposits (in millions)                               8,076                                   7,130                               946                      13                           6,029
net interest margin                                                 2.26         %                          1.97         %                    0.29       %              15                            1.75       %
ncos                                                             $(2,153         )                        $4,808                           $(6,961       )            n.r.                          $8,143
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                            (0.05        )%                          0.13         %                   (0.18      )%            n.r.                            0.28       %
total assets under management (in billions)-eop                    $16.9                                   $16.3                              $0.6                       4                           $14.8
total trust assets (in billions)-eop                                94.7                                    84.1                              10.6                      13                            81.5
n.r. - not relevant.
eop-end of period.
2016 vs. 2015
rbhpcg reported net income of $69 million in 2016. this was an increase of $31 million, or 81%, when compared to the year-ago period. the increase in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
the increase in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $0.9 billion, or 13%, increase in average total deposits combined with a $0.4 billion, or 11% increase in average total loans primarily due to the firstmerit acquisition. in addition, the deposit balance increase reflected strong growth in the new private client account interest checking product as well as commercial deposit balances, while the loan balance increase reflected strong growth in both commercial loans and portfolio mortgage loans.
the decrease in the provision for credit losses reflected from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $7 million decrease in ncos incurred during the year.
the increase in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $4 million, or 4%, increase in trust services, due to increased revenue from the firstmerit acquisition, partially offset by the reduction in revenue resulting from the sale of hasi and haa in the 2015 fourth quarter.
the increase in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $3 million, or 66%, increase in amortization of intangible assets, primarily due to the firstmerit acquisition.
partially offset by:
•   $2 million, or 47%, decrease in professional services related from the 2015 fourth quarter sale of hasi and haa.
2015 vs. 2014
rbhpcg reported net income of $38 million in 2015, compared with a net income of $22 million in 2014. the $16 million increase included a $59 million, or 34%, decrease in noninterest income, a $5 million decrease in the provision for credit losses, a $41 million, or 17% decrease in noninterest expense, partially offset by a $37 million, or 37%, increase in net interest income and a $9 million, or 72% increase in provision for income taxes.
81
home lending table 40 - key performance indicators for home lending
(dollar amounts in thousands unless otherwise noted)
year ended december 31,                        change from 2015
2016                                                                                      2015                amount           percent                    2014
net interest income                                      $58,354                 $50,404                 $7,950               16     %            $58,015
provision (reduction in allowance) for credit losses      (3,412     )             2,671                 (6,083    )        (228     )             21,889
noninterest income                                        90,358                  87,021                  3,337                4                   69,899
noninterest expense                                      124,683                 144,848                (20,165    )         (14     )            136,374
provision for income taxes                                 9,604                  (3,533     )           13,137             (372     )            (10,622    )
net income (loss)                                        $17,837                 $(6,561     )          $24,398             (372    )%           $(19,727    )
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)         1,071                     952                    119               13     %                971
total average assets (in millions)                        $3,303                  $3,145                   $158                5                   $3,810
total average loans/leases (in millions)                   2,649                   2,551                     98                4                    3,298
total average deposits (in millions)                         438                     350                     88               25                      292
net interest margin                                         1.87     %              1.71     %             0.16    %           9                     1.61    %
ncos                                                      $4,213                  $5,758                $(1,545    )         (27     )            $15,900
ncos as a % of average loans and leases                     0.16     %              0.23     %            (0.07   )%         (30     )               0.48    %
mortgage banking origination volume (in millions)         $5,822                  $4,705                 $1,117               24                   $3,558
2016 vs. 2015
home lending reported a net income of $18 million in 2016. this was an improvement of $24 million, when compared to the year-ago period. the increase in net income reflected a combination of factors described below.
the increase in net interest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   16 basis point increase in the net interest margin, primarily due to an increase in loan spreads on consumer loans driven by lower funding costs and a $98 million increase in total loan balances.
the decrease in provision for credit losses from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $2 million, or 27%, decrease in ncos and continued improvement in credit performance during the year.
the increase in noninterest income from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $2 million, or 2%, increase in mortgage banking income, primarily due to production revenue driven by higher origination volume and the impact of the net msr hedge results, partially offset by higher fee sharing sent to other business segments.
the decrease in noninterest expense from the year-ago period reflected:
•   $38 million, or 177%, decrease in other noninterest expense, primarily related to lower allocated expenses.
partially offset by:
•   $14 million, or 15%, increase in personnel costs due to incentive expense related to higher origination volume.
2015 vs. 2014
home lending reported a net loss of $7 million in 2015, compared to net loss of $20 million in 2014. the $13 million improvement included a $17 million, or 24%, increase in noninterest income and a $19 million, or 88%, decrease in reduction in allowance for credit losses partially offset by a $7 million increase in provision for income taxes, $8 million, or 13%, decrease in net interest income, and an $8 million, or 6%, increase in noninterest expense.
results for the fourth quarter earnings discussion in the 2016 fourth quarter, we reported net income of $239 million, an increase of $61 million, or 34%, from the 2015 fourth quarter. earnings per common share for the 2016 fourth quarter were $0.20, a decrease of $0.01 from the year-ago quarter.
82
table 41 - significant items influencing earnings performance comparison
(dollar amounts in millions, except per share amounts)
three months ended:                                      amount                                          eps (1)
december 31, 2016-net income                             $239
earnings per share, after-tax                                                                            $0.20
mergers and acquisitions                                 $(96                    )
tax impact                                               33
mergers and acquisitions, after-tax                      $(63                    )                       $(0.06                  )
litigation reserves                                      $42
tax impact                                               (15                     )
litigation reserves, after-tax                           $27                                             $0.02
amount                                          eps (1)
december 31, 2015-net income                             $178
earnings per share, after-tax                                                                            $0.21
franchise repositioning related expense                  $(8                     )
tax impact                                               3
franchise repositioning related expense, after-tax       $(5                     )                       $(0.01                  )
(1)   based on average outstanding diluted common shares.
net interest income / average balance sheet fte net interest income for the 2016 fourth quarter increased $242 million, or 48%, from the 2015 fourth quarter. this reflected the benefit from the $26.5 billion, or 41%, increase in average earning assets partially coupled with a 16 basis point improvement in the fte nim to 3.25%. average earning asset growth included a $16.6 billion, or 33%, increase in average loans and leases and a $7.9 billion, or 54%, increase in average securities. the nim expansion reflected a 23 basis point increase related to the mix and yield of earning assets, partially offset by a 7 basis point increase in funding costs. fte net interest income during the 2016 fourth quarter included $42 million, or approximately 18 basis points, of purchase accounting impact.
83
table 42 - average earning assets - 2016 fourth quarter vs. 2015 fourth quarter
(dollar amounts in thousands)
fourth quarter                                                  change
2016                                                                                            2015                          amount                 percent loans/leases commercial and industrial                            $27,727                         $20,186                          $7,541                      37       %
commercial real estate                                 7,218                           5,266                           1,952                      37
total commercial                                      34,945                          25,452                           9,493                      37
automobile                                            10,866                           9,286                           1,580                      17
home equity                                           10,101                           8,463                           1,638                      19
residential mortgage                                   7,690                           6,079                           1,611                      27
rv and marine finance                                  1,844                               -                           1,844                       -
other consumer                                           959                             547           412                                        75
total consumer                                        31,460                          24,375                           7,085                      29
total loans/leases                                    66,405                          49,827                          16,578                      33
total securities                                      22,441                          14,543                           7,898                      54
loans held-for-sale and other earning assets           2,617                             591                           2,026                     343
total earning assets                                 $91,463                         $64,961                         $26,502                      41       %
average earning assets for the 2016 fourth quarter increased $26.5 billion, or 41%, from the year-ago quarter. the increase was driven by:
•   $7.9 billion, or 54%, increase in average securities, primarily reflecting the firstmerit acquisition, as well as the reinvestment in cash flows and additional investment in lcr level 1 qualifying securities. the 2016 fourth quarter average balance included $2.9 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments in our commercial banking segment, up from $2.0 billion in the year-ago quarter.
•   $7.5 billion, or 37%, increase in average c&amp;i loans and leases, primarily reflecting the impact of the firstmerit acquisition, the $0.6 billion increase in automobile dealer floorplan loans, and the $0.4 billion increase in corporate banking.
•   $2.0 billion, or 37%, increase in commercial real estate (cre) loans, primarily reflecting the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $1.8 billion increase in average rv and marine finance loans, a new product offering for us as a result of the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $1.6 billion, or 17%, increase in average automobile loans, primarily reflecting the addition of the firstmerit portfolio. the increase also reflects continued strength in new and used automobile originations, while maintaining our underwriting consistency and discipline, partially offset by the impact of the $1.5 billion auto loan securitization.
•   $1.6 billion, or 19%, increase in average home equity loans and lines of credit, primarily reflecting the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $1.6 billion, or 27%, increase in average residential mortgage loans, reflecting increased demand for residential mortgage loans across our footprint and the addition of the firstmerit portfolio.
84
table 43 - average interest-bearing liabilities - 2016 fourth quarter vs. 2015 fourth quarter
(dollar amounts in millions)
fourth quarter                                                         change
2016                                                                                                  2015                              amount                    percent deposits demand deposits: noninterest-bearing                  $23,250                             $17,174                              $6,076                         35        %
demand deposits: interest-bearing                      15,294                               6,923                               8,371                        121
total demand deposits                                  38,544                              24,097                              14,447                         60
money market deposits                                  18,618                              19,843                              (1,225        )                (6        )
savings and other domestic deposits                    12,272                               5,215                               7,057                        135
core certificates of deposit                            2,636                               2,430            206                                               9
total core deposits                                    72,070                              51,585                              20,485                         40
other domestic deposits of $250,000 or more               391                                 426                                 (35        )                (8        )
brokered deposits and negotiable cds                    4,273                               2,929                               1,344                         46
deposits in foreign offices                               152                                 398                                (246        )               (62        )
total deposits                                         76,886                              55,338                              21,548                         39
short-term borrowings                                   2,628                                 524                               2,104                        402
long-term debt                                          8,594                               6,788                               1,806                         27
total interest-bearing liabilities                    $64,858                             $45,476                             $19,382                         43        %
average total deposits for the 2016 fourth quarter increased $21.5 billion, or 39%, from the year-ago quarter, including a $20.5 billion, or 40%, increase in average total core deposits. the growth in average total core deposits more than fully funded the year-over-year increase in average total loans and leases. average total interest-bearing liabilities increased $19.4 billion, or 43%, from the year-ago quarter. including the impact of the firstmerit acquisition, year-over-year changes in average total deposits and average total debt included:
•   $14.4 billion, or 60%, increase in average total demand deposits, including a $6.1 billion, or 35%, increase in average noninterest-bearing demand deposits and an $8.4 billion, or 121%, increase in average interest-bearing demand deposits. the increase in average total demand deposits was comprised of a $9.8 billion, or 62%, increase in average commercial demand deposits and a $4.6 billion, or 55%, increase in average consumer demand deposits.
•   $6.8 billion, or 158%, increase in average savings deposits, reflecting continued banker focus across all segments on obtaining our customers' full deposit relationship.
•   $3.9 billion, or 53%, increase in average total debt, reflecting a $2.1 billion, or 402%, increase in average short-term borrowings and a $1.8 billion, or 27%, increase in average long-term debt. the increase in average long-term debt reflected the issuance of $2.0 billion of holding company-level senior debt during 2016.
•   $1.3 billion, or 46%, increase in average brokered deposits and negotiable cds, impacted by the firstmerit acquisition.
partially offset by:
•   $1.2 billion, or 6%, decrease in average money market deposits. during the 2016 third quarter, changes to commercial accounts resulted in the reclassification of $2.8 billion of deposits from money market into interest bearing demand deposits. this decrease was partially offset by the impact of the firstmerit acquisition.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses increased to $75 million in the 2016 fourth quarter compared to $36 million in the 2015 fourth quarter.
85
noninterest income table 44 - noninterest income - 2016 fourth quarter vs. 2015 fourth quarter
(dollar amounts in thousands)
fourth quarter                                                  change
2016                                                          2015                                                   amount                 percent service charges on deposit accounts         $91,577                         $72,854                         $18,723                      26       %
cards and payment processing income          49,113                          37,594                          11,519                      31
mortgage banking income                      37,520                          31,418                           6,102                      19
trust services                               34,016                          25,272                           8,744                      35
insurance income                             16,486                          15,528           958                                         6
brokerage income                             17,014                          14,462                           2,552                      18
capital markets fees                         18,730                          13,778                           4,952                      36
bank owned life insurance income             17,067                          13,441                           3,626                      27
gain on sale of loans                        24,987                          10,122                          14,865                     147
securities gains (losses)                    (1,771       )   474                                            (2,245       )            n.r.
other income                                 29,598                          37,272                          (7,674       )             (21       )
total noninterest income                   $334,337                        $272,215                         $62,122                      23       %
n.r. - not relevant.
noninterest income for the 2016 fourth quarter increased $62 million, or 23%, from the year-ago quarter. the year-over-year increase primarily reflected:
•   $19 million, or 26%, increase in service charges on deposit accounts, reflecting the benefit of continued new customer acquisition. of the increase, $12 million was attributable to consumer deposit accounts, while $7 million was attributable to commercial deposit accounts.
•   $15 million, or 147%, increase in gain on sale of loans, reflecting a $6 million auto loan securitization gain and $5 million of gains on non-relationship c&amp;i and cre loan sales, both of which were related to the balance sheet optimization strategy completed in the 2016 fourth quarter.
•   $12 million, or 31%, increase in cards and payment processing income, due to higher card-related income and underlying customer growth.
•   $9 million, or 35%, increase in trust services, primarily related to the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $6 million, or 19%, increase in mortgage banking income, reflecting a $7 million increase from net mortgage servicing rights (msr) hedging-related activities.
partially offset by:
•   $8 million, or 21%, decrease in other income, reflecting $8 million unfavorable impact related to ineffectiveness of derivatives used to hedge fixed-rate, long-term debt.
86
noninterest expense table 45 - noninterest expense - 2016 fourth quarter vs. 2015 fourth quarter
(dollar amounts in thousands)
fourth quarter                                                  change
2016                                                                         2015                                                   amount                 percent personnel costs                                           $359,755                        $288,861                         $70,894                      25       %
outside data processing and other services                  88,695                          63,775                          24,920                      39
equipment                                                   59,666                          31,711                          27,955                      88
net occupancy                                               49,450                          32,939                          16,511                      50
professional services                                       23,165                          13,010                          10,154                      78
marketing                                                   21,478                          12,035                           9,443                      78
deposit and other insurance expense                         15,772                          11,105                           4,667                      42
amortization of intangibles                                 14,099                           3,788                          10,311                     272
other expense                                               49,417                          41,542                           7,875                      19
total noninterest expense                                 $681,497                        $498,766                        $182,731                      37       %
number of employees (average full-time equivalent)          15,993                          12,418                           3,575                      29       %
impacts of significant items:                                      fourth quarter
(dollar amounts in thousands)                          2016                  2015
personnel costs                                $(5,385    )           $2,332
outside data processing and other services      15,420                 1,990
equipment                                       20,000                 4,587
net occupancy                                    7,146                   110
professional services                            9,141                 1,153
marketing                                        4,340                     -
other expense                                    2,742                   318
total noninterest expense adjustments          $53,404               $10,490
adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap):
(dollar amounts in thousands)                                             fourth quarter                             change
2016                                                               2015                              amount         percent personnel costs                                    $365,140                $286,529            $78,611             27     %
outside data processing and other services           73,275                  61,785             11,490             19
equipment                                            39,666                  27,124             12,542             46
net occupancy                                        42,304                  32,829              9,475             29
professional services                                14,024                  11,857              2,167             18
marketing                                            17,138                  12,035              5,103             42
deposit and other insurance expense                  15,772                  11,105              4,667             42
amortization of intangibles                          14,099                   3,788             10,311            272
other expense                                        46,675                  41,224              5,451             13
total adjusted noninterest expense (non-gaap)      $628,093                $488,276           $139,817             29     %
reported noninterest expense for the 2016 fourth quarter increased $183 million, or 37%, from the year-ago quarter. including the impact of the firstmerit acquisition, changes in reported noninterest expense primarily reflect:
•   $71 million, or 25%, increase in personnel costs, reflecting an $84 million increase in salaries related to the may implementation of annual merit increases and a 29% increase in the number of average full-time equivalent employees, partially offset by a $13 million decrease in benefits expense related to an $18 million gain on the settlement of a portion of the firstmerit pension plan liability during the 2016 fourth quarter.
87
•   $8 million, or 19%, increase in other expense, primarily reflecting a $42 million reduction to litigation reserves, which was mostly offset by a $40 million contribution in the 2016 fourth quarter to achieve the philanthropic plans related to firstmerit.
•   $28 million, or 88%, increase in equipment expense, reflecting the impact of the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $25 million, or 39%, increase in outside data processing and other services expense, primarily related to ongoing technology investments and the impact of the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $17 million, or 50%, increase in net occupancy costs, reflecting the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $10 million, or 272%, increase in amortization of intangibles reflecting the firstmerit acquisition.
•   $10 million, or 78%, increase in professional services, primarily related to $9 million of acquisition-related significant items in the 2016 fourth quarter.
•   $9 million, or 78%, increase in marketing, related to the firstmerit acquisition.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes in the 2016 fourth quarter was $74 million and $56 million in the 2015 fourth quarter. the effective tax rates for the 2016 fourth quarter and 2015 fourth quarter were 23.6% and 23.8%, respectively. at december 31, 2016, we had a net federal deferred tax asset of $76 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $41 million.
credit quality ncos net charge-offs (ncos) increased $22 million, or 99%, to $44 million. ncos represented an annualized 0.26% of average loans and leases in the current quarter, unchanged from the prior quarter but up from 0.18% in the year-ago quarter. commercial charge-offs continued to be positively impacted by recoveries in the cre portfolio and broader continued successful workout strategies, while consumer charge-offs remained within our expected range.
nals overall asset quality remains strong, with modest volatility. overall consumer credit metrics, led by the home equity and residential portfolios, continue to show an improving trend, while the commercial portfolios continue to experience some quarter-to-quarter volatility based on the absolute low level of problem loans. the firstmerit portfolio quality, composition, and geographic distribution was similar to the legacy huntington portfolio. the only new loan classification is the rv/marine portfolio.
nonaccrual loans and leases (nals) of $423 million represented 0.63% of total loans and leases, down from 0.74% a year ago. the decrease in the nal ratio reflected a 14% year-over-year increase in nals, more than offset by the impact of the 33% year-over-year increase in total loans. nonperforming assets (npas) of $481 million represented 0.72% of total loans and leases and oreo, down from 0.79% a year ago. the nal ratio increased 2 basis points from the prior quarter, while the npa ratio remained unchanged.
acl
(this section should be read in conjunction with note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
the period-end allowance for credit losses (acl) as a percentage of total loans and leases decreased to 1.10% from 1.33% a year ago, while the acl as a percentage of period-end total nals decreased to 174% from 180%. the decline in the coverage ratios is primarily a function of the purchase accounting impact associated with firstmerit.
88
table 46 - selected quarterly financial information (1)
(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)
three months ended december 31,              september 30,                  june 30,                 march 31,
2016                                                                                                   2016                      2016                      2016
interest income                                                  $814,858                   $694,346                   $565,658                  $557,251
interest expense                                                   79,877                     68,956                     59,777                    54,185
net interest income                                               734,981                    625,390                    505,881                   503,066
provision for credit losses                                        74,906                     63,805                     24,509                    27,582
net interest income after provision for credit losses             660,075                    561,585                    481,372                   475,484
total noninterest income                                          334,337                    302,415                    271,112                   241,867
total noninterest expense                                         681,497                    712,247                    523,661                   491,080
income before income taxes                                        312,915                    151,753                    228,823                   226,271
provision for income taxes                                         73,952                     24,749                     54,283                    54,957
net income                                                        238,963                    127,004                    174,540                   171,314
dividends on preferred shares                                      18,865                     18,537                     19,874                     7,998
net income applicable to common shares                           $220,098                   $108,467                   $154,666                  $163,316
common shares outstanding average-basic                                                   1,085,253                    938,578                    798,167                   795,755
average-diluted(2)                                              1,104,358                    952,081                    810,371                   808,349
ending                                                          1,085,688                  1,084,783                    799,154                   796,689
book value per common share                                         $8.51                      $8.59                      $8.18                     $8.01
tangible book value per common share(3)                              6.43                       6.48                       7.29                      7.12
per common share net income-basic                                                    $0.20                      $0.12                      $0.19                     $0.21
net income-diluted                                                   0.20                       0.11                       0.19                      0.20
cash dividends declared                                              0.08                       0.07                       0.07                      0.07
common stock price, per share high(4)                                                            $13.64                     $10.11                     $10.65                    $10.81
low(4)                                                               9.57                       8.23                       8.05                      7.83
close                                                               13.22                       9.86                       8.94                      9.54
average closing price                                               11.63                       9.52                       9.83                      9.22
return on average total assets                                       0.95      %                0.58      %                0.96     %                0.96     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                         9.4                        5.4                        9.6                      10.4
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity(5)            12.9                        7.0                       11.0                      11.9
efficiency ratio(6)                                                  61.6                       75.0                       66.1                      64.6
effective tax rate                                                   23.6                       16.3                       23.7                      24.3
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets(7)
interest income(7)                                                   3.60      %                3.52      %                3.41     %                3.44     %
interest expense                                                     0.35                       0.34                       0.35                      0.33
net interest margin(7)                                               3.25      %                3.18      %                3.06     %                3.11     %
revenue-fte net interest income                                              $734,981                   $625,390                   $505,881                  $503,066
fte adjustment                                                     12,560                     10,598                     10,091                     9,159
net interest income(7)                                            747,541                    635,988                    515,972                   512,225
noninterest income                                                334,337                    302,415                    271,112                   241,867
total revenue(7)                                               $1,081,878                   $938,403                   $787,084                  $754,092
89
table 47 - selected quarterly capital data (1)
2016
capital adequacy                                                december 31,             september 30,              june 30,              march 31, total risk-weighted assets(10)                                $78,263                   $80,513                 $60,721               $59,798
tier 1 leverage ratio (period end)(10)                           8.70      %               9.89      %             9.55    %             9.29     %
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio(10)                9.56                      9.09                    9.80                  9.73
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (period end)(10)                10.92                     10.40                   11.37                 10.99
total risk-based capital ratio (period end)(10)                 13.05                     12.56                   13.49                 13.17
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio(8)                 7.16                      7.14                    7.96                  7.89
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio(9)                        8.26                      8.23                    9.28                  8.96
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio(10)          8.92                      8.74                    9.60                  9.49
90
table 48 - selected quarterly financial information (1)
(dollar amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)
three months ended december 31,              september 30,                  june 30,                 march 31,
2015                                                                                                 2015                      2015                      2015
interest income                                                $544,153                   $538,477                   $529,795                  $502,096
interest expense                                                 47,242                     43,022                     39,109                    34,411
net interest income                                             496,911                    495,455                    490,686                   467,685
provision for credit losses                                      36,468                     22,476                     20,419                    20,591
net interest income after provision for credit losses           460,443                    472,979                    470,267                   447,094
total noninterest income                                        272,215                    253,119                    281,773                   231,623
total noninterest expense                                       498,766                    526,508                    491,777                   458,857
income before income taxes                                      233,892                    199,590                    260,263                   219,860
provision for income taxes                                       55,583                     47,002                     64,057                    54,006
net income                                                      178,309                    152,588                    196,206                   165,854
dividends on preferred shares                                     7,972                      7,968                      7,968                     7,965
net income applicable to common shares                         $170,337                   $144,620                   $188,238                  $157,889
common shares outstanding average-basic                                                   796,095                    800,883                    806,891                   809,778
average-diluted(2)                                              810,143                    814,326                    820,238                   823,809
ending                                                          794,929                    796,659                    803,066                   808,528
book value per share                                              $7.81                      $7.78                      $7.61                     $7.51
tangible book value per share(3)                                   6.91                       6.88                       6.71                      6.62
per common share net income-basic                                                  $0.21                      $0.18                      $0.23                     $0.19
net income -diluted                                                0.21                       0.18                       0.23                      0.19
cash dividends declared                                            0.07                       0.06                       0.06                      0.06
common stock price, per share high(4)                                                          $11.87                     $11.90                     $11.72                    $11.30
low(4)                                                            10.21                      10.00                      10.67                      9.63
close                                                             11.06                      10.60                      11.31                     11.05
average closing price                                             11.18                      11.16                      11.19                     10.56
return on average total assets                                     1.00      %                0.87      %                1.16     %                1.02     %
return on average common shareholders' equity                      10.8                        9.3                       12.3                      10.6
return on average tangible common shareholders' equity(5)          12.4                       10.7                       14.4                      12.2
efficiency ratio(6)                                                63.7                       69.1                       61.7                      63.5
effective tax rate                                                 23.8                       23.5                       24.6                      24.6
margin analysis-as a % of average earning assets(7)
interest income(7)                                                 3.37      %                3.42      %                3.45     %                3.38     %
interest expense                                                   0.28                       0.26                       0.25                      0.23
net interest margin(7)                                             3.09      %                3.16      %                3.20     %                3.15     %
revenue-fte net interest income                                            $496,911                   $495,455                   $490,686                  $467,685
fte adjustment                                                    8,425                      8,168                      7,962                     7,560
net interest income(7)                                          505,336                    503,623                    498,648                   475,245
noninterest income                                              272,215                    253,119                    281,773                   231,623
total revenue(7)                                               $777,551                   $756,742                   $780,421                  $706,868
91
table 49 - selected quarterly capital data (1)
2015
capital adequacy                                                december 31,             september 30,              june 30,              march 31, total risk-weighted assets(11)                                $58,420                   $57,839                 $57,850               $57,840
tier 1 leverage ratio(11)                                        8.79      %               8.85      %             8.98    %             9.04     %
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio(11)                              9.79                      9.72                    9.65                  9.51
total risk-based capital ratio(11)                              10.53                     10.49                   10.41                 10.22
tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio(11)                      12.64                     12.70                   12.62                 12.48
tangible common equity / tangible asset ratio(8)                 7.81                      7.89                    7.91                  7.95
tangible equity / tangible asset ratio(9)                        8.36                      8.44                    8.48                  8.53
tangible common equity / risk-weighted assets ratio(11)          9.41                      9.48                    9.32                  9.25
(1)   comparisons for presented periods are impacted by a number of factors. refer to the significant items section for additional discussion regarding these items.
(2)   for all quarterly periods presented above, the impact of the convertible preferred stock issued in april of 2008 was excluded from the diluted share calculation because the result would have been higher than basic earnings per common share (anti-dilutive) for the periods.
(3)   deferred tax liability related to other intangible assets is calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(4)   high and low stock prices are intra-day quotes obtained from bloomberg.
(5)   net income applicable to common shares excluding expense for amortization of intangibles for the period divided by average tangible common shareholders' equity. average tangible common shareholders' equity equals average total common shareholders' equity less average intangible assets and goodwill. expense for amortization of intangibles and average intangible assets are net of deferred tax liability, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(6)   noninterest expense less amortization of intangibles and goodwill impairment divided by the sum of fte net interest income and noninterest income excluding securities gains (losses).
(7)   presented on a fte basis assuming a 35% tax rate.
(8)   tangible common equity (total common equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(9)   tangible equity (total equity less goodwill and other intangible assets) divided by tangible assets (total assets less goodwill and other intangible assets). other intangible assets are net of deferred tax, and calculated assuming a 35% tax rate.
(10)   on january 1, 2015, we became subject to the basel iii capital requirements and the standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets in accordance with subpart d of the final capital rule.
(11)   ratios are calculated on the basel i basis.
additional disclosures forward-looking statements this report, including md&a, contains certain forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, certain plans, expectations, goals, projections, and statements, which are not historical facts and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks, and uncertainties. statements that do not describe historical or current facts, including statements about beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as expect, anticipate, believe, intend, estimate, plan, target, goal, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as will, may, might, should, would, could, or similar variations. the forward-looking statements are intended to be subject to the safe harbor provided by section 27a of the securities act of 1933, section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
while there is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete, below are certain factors which could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained or implied in the forward-looking statements: changes in general economic, political, or industry conditions; uncertainty in u.s. fiscal and monetary policy, including the interest rate policies of the federal reserve board; volatility and disruptions in global capital and credit markets; movements in interest rates; competitive pressures on product pricing and services; success, impact, and timing of our business strategies, including market acceptance of any new products or services implementing our "fair play" banking philosophy; the nature, extent, timing, and results of governmental actions, examinations, reviews, reforms, regulations, and interpretations, including those related to the dodd-frank wall street
92
reform and consumer protection act and the basel iii regulatory capital reforms, as well as those involving the occ, federal reserve, fdic, and cfpb; the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the merger with firstmerit corporation are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the two companies or as a result of the strength of the economy and competitive factors in the areas where we do business; diversion of management's attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the completion of the merger with firstmerit corporation; our ability to complete the integration of firstmerit corporation successfully; and other factors that may affect our future results.
all forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and are based on information available at that time. we do not assume any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements were made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events except as required by federal securities laws. as forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements.
non-gaap financial measures this document contains gaap financial measures and non-gaap financial measures where management believes it to be helpful in understanding huntington's results of operations or financial position. where non-gaap financial measures are used, the comparable gaap financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure, can be found herein.
significant items from time-to-time, revenue, expenses, or taxes are impacted by items judged by us to be outside of ordinary banking activities and/or by items that, while they may be associated with ordinary banking activities, are so unusually large that their outsized impact is believed by us at that time to be infrequent or short-term in nature. we refer to such items as significant items. most often, these significant items result from factors originating outside the company; e.g., regulatory actions / assessments, windfall gains, changes in accounting principles, one-time tax assessments / refunds, litigation actions, etc. in other cases, they may result from our decisions associated with significant corporate actions outside of the ordinary course of business; e.g., merger / restructuring charges, recapitalization actions, goodwill impairment, etc.
even though certain revenue and expense items are naturally subject to more volatility than others due to changes in market and economic environment conditions, as a general rule volatility alone does not define a significant item. for example, changes in the provision for credit losses, gains / losses from investment activities, asset valuation writedowns, etc., reflect ordinary banking activities and are, therefore, typically excluded from consideration as a significant item.
we believe the disclosure of significant items provides a better understanding of our performance and trends to ascertain which of such items, if any, to include or exclude from an analysis of our performance; i.e., within the context of determining how that performance differed from expectations, as well as how, if at all, to adjust estimates of future performance accordingly. to this end, we adopted a practice of listing significant items in our external disclosure documents; e.g., earnings press releases, investor presentations, forms 10-q and 10-k.
significant items for any particular period are not intended to be a complete list of items that may materially impact current or future period performance.
fully-taxable equivalent basis interest income, yields, and ratios on a fte basis are considered non-gaap financial measures.  management believes net interest income on a fte basis provides an insightful picture of the interest margin for comparison purposes.  the fte basis also allows management to assess the comparability of revenue arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources.  the fte basis assumes a federal statutory tax rate of 35 percent. we encourage readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
non-regulatory capital ratios in addition to capital ratios defined by banking regulators, the company considers various other measures when evaluating capital utilization and adequacy, including:
•   tangible common equity to tangible assets, and
•   tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets using basel iii definitions.
93
these non-regulatory capital ratios are viewed by management as useful additional methods of reflecting the level of capital available to withstand unexpected market conditions. additionally, presentation of these ratios allows readers to compare the company's capitalization to other financial services companies. these ratios differ from capital ratios defined by banking regulators principally in that the numerator excludes preferred securities, the nature and extent of which varies among different financial services companies. these ratios are not defined in generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") or federal banking regulations. as a result, these non-regulatory capital ratios disclosed by the company are considered non-gaap financial measures.
because there are no standardized definitions for these non-regulatory capital ratios, the company's calculation methods may differ from those used by other financial services companies. also, there may be limits in the usefulness of these measures to investors. as a result, the company encourages readers to consider the consolidated financial statements and other financial information contained in this form 10-k in their entirety, and not to rely on any single financial measure.
risk factors more information on risk is set forth under the heading risk factors included in item 1a and incorporated by reference into this md&a. additional information regarding risk factors can also be found in the risk management and capital discussion, as well as the regulatory matters section included in item 1 and incorporated by reference into the md&a.
critical accounting policies and use of significant estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires us to establish accounting policies and make estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements. note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated by reference into this md&a, describes the significant accounting policies we use in our consolidated financial statements.
an accounting estimate requires assumptions and judgments about uncertain matters that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. estimates are made under facts and circumstances at a point in time, and changes in those facts and circumstances could produce results substantially different from those estimates. the most significant accounting policies and estimates and their related application are discussed below.
allowance for credit losses our acl of $0.7 billion at december 31, 2016, represents our estimate of probable credit losses inherent in our loan and lease portfolio and our unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit. we regularly review our acl for appropriateness by performing on-going evaluations of the loan and lease portfolio. in doing so, we consider factors such as the differing economic risk associated with each loan category, the financial condition of specific borrowers, the level of delinquent loans, the value of any collateral and, where applicable, the existence of any guarantees or other documented support. we also evaluate the impact of changes in interest rates and overall economic conditions on the ability of borrowers to meet their financial obligations when quantifying our exposure to credit losses and assessing the appropriateness of our acl at each reporting date. there is no certainty that our acl will be appropriate over time to cover losses in the portfolio because of unanticipated adverse changes in the economy, market conditions, or events adversely affecting specific customers, industries, or markets. if the credit quality of our customer base materially deteriorates, the risk profile of a market, industry, or group of customers changes materially, or if the acl is not appropriate, our net income and capital could be materially adversely affected which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
valuation of financial instruments assets and liabilities carried at fair value inherently result in a higher degree of financial statement volatility. assets measured at fair value include certain loans held for sale, loans held for investment, available-for-sale and trading securities, certain securitized automobile loans, msrs, derivatives, and certain short-term borrowings. at december 31, 2016, approximately $15.8 billion of our assets and $0.1 billion of our liabilities were recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. in addition to the above mentioned on-going fair value measurements, fair value is also used for recording business combinations and measuring other non-recurring financial assets and liabilities.
at the end of each quarter, we assess the valuation hierarchy for each asset or liability measured at fair value. as necessary, assets or liabilities may be transferred within fair value hierarchy levels due to changes in availability of observable market inputs to measure fair value at the measurement date.
where available, we use quoted market prices to determine fair value. if quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined, using either internally developed or independent third-party valuation models, based on inputs that are either directly observable or derived from market data. these inputs include, but are not limited to, interest rate yield curves, option volatilities, or option adjusted spreads. where neither quoted market prices nor observable market data are available, fair value is determined using valuation models that feature one or more significant unobservable inputs based on management's expectation that market participants
94
would use in determining the fair value of the asset or liability. the determination of appropriate unobservable inputs requires exercise of significant judgment. a significant portion of our assets and liabilities that are reported at fair value are measured based on quoted market prices or observable market/ independent inputs.
the following is a description of the significant estimates used in the valuation of financial assets and liabilities for which quoted market prices and observable market parameters are not available.
municipal and asset-backed securities the municipal securities portion that is classified as level 3 uses significant estimates to determine the fair value of these securities which results in greater subjectivity. the fair value is determined by utilizing third-party valuation services. the third-party service provider reviews credit worthiness, prevailing market rates, analysis of similar securities, and projected cash flows. the third-party service provider also incorporates industry and general economic conditions into their analysis. huntington evaluates the analysis provided for reasonableness.
our cdo preferred securities portfolios are measured at fair value using a valuation methodology involving use of significant unobservable inputs and are thus, classified as level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. the private label cmo securities portfolio is subjected to a monthly review of the projected cash flows, while the cash flows of our cdo preferred securities portfolio is reviewed quarterly. these reviews are supported with analysis from independent third parties, and are used as a basis for impairment analysis.
cdo preferred securities are cdos backed by a pool of debt securities issued by financial institutions. the collateral generally consists of trust-preferred securities and subordinated debt securities issued by banks, bank holding companies, and insurance companies. a full cash flow analysis is used to estimate fair values and assess impairment for each security within this portfolio. we engage a third-party pricing specialist with direct industry experience in pooled-trust-preferred securities valuations to provide assistance in estimating the fair value and expected cash flows for each security in this portfolio. the pd of each issuer and the market discount rate are the most significant inputs in determining fair value. management evaluates the pd assumptions provided by the third-party pricing specialist by comparing the current pd to the assumptions used the previous quarter, actual defaults and deferrals in the current period, and trend data on certain financial ratios of the issuers. huntington also evaluates the assumptions related to discount rates. relying on cash flows is necessary because there was a lack of observable transactions in the market and many of the original sponsors or dealers for these securities are no longer able to provide a fair value that is compliant with asc 820.
derivatives used for hedging purposes derivatives designated as qualified hedges are tested for hedge effectiveness on a quarterly basis. assessments are made at the inception of the hedge and on a recurring basis to determine whether the derivative used in the hedging transaction has been and is expected to continue to be highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged item. a statistical regression analysis is performed to measure the effectiveness.
if, based on the assessment, a derivative is not expected to be a highly effective hedge or it has ceased to be a highly effective hedge, hedge accounting is discontinued as of the quarter the hedge is not highly effective. as the statistical regression analysis requires the use of estimates regarding the amount and timing of future cash flows which are sensitive to significant changes in future periods based on changes in market rates; we consider this a critical accounting estimate.
loans held for sale huntington has elected to apply the fair value option to certain residential mortgage loans that are classified as held for sale at origination. the fair value of such loans is estimated based on the inputs that include prices of mortgage backed securities adjusted for other variables such as, interest rates, expected credit defaults and market discount rates. the adjusted value reflects the price we expect to receive from the sale of such loans.
certain consumer and commercial loans are classified as held for sale and are accounted for at the lower of amortized cost or fair value. the determination of fair value for these consumer loans is based on observable prices for similar products or discounted expected cash flows, which takes into consideration factors such as future interest rates, prepayment speeds, default and loss curves, and market discount rates.
mortgage servicing rights retained rights to service mortgage loans are recognized as a separate and distinct asset at the time the loans are sold. mortgage servicing rights ("msrs") are initially recorded at fair value at the time the related loans are sold and subsequently re-measured at each reporting date under either the fair value or amortization method. the election of the fair value or amortization method is made at the time each servicing asset is established. all newly created msrs since 2009 are recorded using the amortization method. any increase or decrease in fair value of msrs accounted for under the fair value method, as well as any amortization and/or impairment of msrs recorded under the amortization method, is reflected in earnings in the period that the changes occur. msrs are subject to
95
interest rate risk in that their fair value will fluctuate as a result of changes in the interest rate environment. fair value is determined based upon the application of an income approach valuation model. we use an independent third-party valuation model, which incorporates assumptions in estimating future cash flows. these assumptions include prepayment speeds, payoffs, and changes in valuation inputs and assumptions. the reasonableness of these pricing models is validated on a minimum of a quarterly basis by at least one independent external service broker valuation. because the fair values of msrs are significantly impacted by the use of estimates, the use of different assumptions can result in different estimated fair values of those msrs.
contingent liabilities we are a party to various claims, litigation, and legal proceedings resulting from ordinary business activities relating to our current and/or former operations. we estimate and provide for potential losses that may arise out of litigation and regulatory proceedings to the extent that such losses are probable and can be reasonably estimated. significant judgment is required in making these estimates and our final liabilities may ultimately be more or less than the current estimate. our total estimated liability in respect of litigation and regulatory proceedings is determined on a case-by-case basis and represents an estimate of probable losses after considering, among other factors, the progress of each case or proceeding, our experience and the experience of others in similar cases or proceedings, and the opinions and views of legal counsel. litigation exposure represents a key area of judgment and is subject to uncertainty and certain factors outside of our control.
income taxes the calculation of our provision for income taxes is complex and requires the use of estimates and judgments. we have two accruals for income taxes: (1) our income tax payable represents the estimated net amount currently due to the federal, state, and local taxing jurisdictions, net of any reserve for potential audit issues and any tax refunds and the net receivable balance is reported as a component of accrued income and other assets in our consolidated balance sheet; (2) our deferred federal and state income tax and related valuation accounts, reported as a component of accrued income and other assets, represents the estimated impact of temporary differences between how we recognize our assets and liabilities under gaap, and how such assets and liabilities are recognized under federal and state tax law.
in the ordinary course of business, we operate in various taxing jurisdictions and are subject to income and non-income taxes. the effective tax rate is based in part on our interpretation of the relevant current tax laws. we believe the aggregate liabilities related to taxes are appropriately reflected in the consolidated financial statements. we review the appropriate tax treatment of all transactions taking into consideration statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of our tax positions. in addition, we rely on various tax opinions, recent tax audits, and historical experience.
from time-to-time, we engage in business transactions that may affect our tax liabilities. where appropriate, we obtain opinions of outside experts and assess the relative merits and risks of the appropriate tax treatment of business transactions taking into account statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance in the context of the tax position. however, changes to our estimates of accrued taxes can occur due to changes in tax rates, implementation of new business strategies, resolution of issues with taxing authorities regarding previously taken tax positions, and newly enacted statutory, judicial, and regulatory guidance. such changes could affect the amount of our accrued taxes and could be material to our financial position and/or results of operations. (see note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.)
deferred tax assets at december 31, 2016, we had a net federal deferred tax asset of $76 million and a net state deferred tax asset of $41 million. a valuation allowance is provided when it is more-likely-than-not some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. all available evidence, both positive and negative, was considered to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, impairment should be recognized. our forecast process includes judgmental and quantitative elements that may be subject to significant change. if our forecast of taxable income within the carryforward periods available under applicable law is not sufficient to cover the amount of net deferred tax assets, such assets may be impaired. based on our analysis of both positive and negative evidence and our ability to offset the net deferred tax assets against our forecasted future taxable income, there was no impairment of the net deferred tax assets at december 31, 2016, other than a valuation allowance relating to state net operating loss carryovers.
goodwill and intangible assets the acquisition method of accounting requires that acquired assets and liabilities are recorded at their fair values as of the date of acquisition. this often involves estimates based on third party valuations or internal valuations based on discounted cash flow analyses or other valuation techniques, all of which are inherently subjective. acquisitions typically result in goodwill, the amount by which the cost of net assets acquired in a business combination exceeds their fair value, which is subject to impairment testing at least annually. the amortization of identified intangible assets recognized in a business combination is based upon the estimated economic benefits to be received over their economic life, which is also subjective. customer attrition rates that are based on historical
96
experience are used to determine the estimated economic life of certain intangibles assets, including but not limited to, customer deposit intangibles. refer to note 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information regarding these items.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments note 2 to consolidated financial statements discusses new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2016 and the expected impact of accounting pronouncements recently issued but not yet required to be adopted. to the extent the adoption of new accounting standards materially affect financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity, the impacts are discussed in the applicable section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements.
