item 1a. risk factors risk factors we operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, in evaluating our company. the occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
risks relating to our business the potential loss or delay of our large contracts or of multiple contracts could adversely affect our results.
most of our research & development solutions clients can terminate our contracts upon 30 to 90 days notice. our clients may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including but not limited to:
•   decisions to forego or terminate a particular clinical trial;

•   lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities;

•   actions by regulatory authorities;

•   production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested;

•   failure of products being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria;

•   unexpected or undesired clinical results for products;

•   insufficient patient enrollment in a clinical trial;

•   insufficient investigator recruitment;

•   shift of business to a competitor or internal resources;

•   product withdrawal following market launch; or

•   shut down of manufacturing facilities.

as a result, contract terminations, delays and alterations are a regular part of our research & development solutions business. in the event of termination, our contracts often provide for fees for winding down the project, but these fees may not be sufficient for us to maintain our margins, and termination may result in lower resource utilization rates. in addition, we may not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our clients cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them, which may occur if, among other things, a client decides to shift its business to a competitor or revoke our status as a preferred provider. thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. we believe the risk of loss or delay of multiple contracts potentially has greater effect where we are party to broader partnering arrangements with global biopharmaceutical companies.
17
we depend on third parties for data and support services. our suppliers or providers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data or provide services, which could lead to our inability to access certain data or provide certain services and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
each of our commercial solutions information services is derived from data we collect from third parties. these data suppliers are numerous and diverse, reflecting the broad scope of information that we collect and use in our business.
although we typically enter into long-term contractual arrangements with many of these suppliers of data, at the time of entry into a new contract or renewal of an existing contract, suppliers may increase restrictions on our use of such data, increase the price they charge us for data or refuse altogether to license the data to us. in addition, during the term of any data supply contract, suppliers may fail to adhere to our data quality control standards or fail to deliver data. further, although no single individual data supplier is material to our business, if a number of suppliers collectively representing a significant amount of data that we use for one or more of our services were to impose additional contractual restrictions on our use of or access to data, fail to adhere to our quality-control standards, repeatedly fail to deliver data or refuse to provide data, now or in the future, our ability to provide those services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which may harm our operating results and financial condition.
additionally, we depend on third parties for support services to our business. such support services include, but are not limited to, third-party transportation providers, suppliers of drugs for patients participating in clinical trials, suppliers of kits for use in our clinical trial laboratories business, suppliers of reagents for use in our testing equipment and providers of maintenance contracts for our equipment. the failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide the critical support services could have a material adverse effect on our business.
if we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability and our reputation could be harmed.
in connection with our research & development solutions business, we contract with biopharmaceutical companies to perform a wide range of services to assist them in bringing new drugs to market. our services include monitoring clinical trials, data and laboratory analysis, electronic data capture, patient recruitment and other related services. such services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations. for example, we must adhere to regulatory requirements such as the fda and current gcp, good laboratory practice and good manufacturing practice requirements. if we fail to perform our services in accordance with these requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against us for failure to comply with applicable regulations governing clinical trials or sales and marketing practices. such actions may include sanctions, such as injunctions or failure of such regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of products, delay, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages or fines. clients may also bring claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those clinical trials may bring personal injury claims against us for negligence. any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
such consequences could arise if, among other things, the following occur:
improper performance of our services. the performance of clinical development services is complex and time-consuming. for example, we may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact
18
or obviate the usefulness of the clinical trial or cause the results of the clinical trial to be reported improperly. if the clinical trial results are compromised, we could be subject to significant costs or liability, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to perform our services. as examples:
•   non-compliance generally could result in the termination of ongoing clinical trials or sales and marketing projects or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities;

•   compromise of data from a particular clinical trial, such as failure to verify that informed consent was obtained from patients, could require us to repeat the clinical trial under the terms of our contract at no further cost to our client, but at a substantial cost to us; and

•   breach of a contractual term could result in liability for damages or termination of the contract.

large clinical trials can cost up to hundreds of millions of dollars, and while we endeavor to contractually limit our exposure to such risks, improper performance of our services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, damage our reputation and result in the cancellation of current contracts by or failure to obtain future contracts from the affected client or other clients.
investigation of clients. from time to time, one or more of our clients are audited or investigated by regulatory authorities or enforcement agencies with respect to regulatory compliance of their clinical trials, programs or the marketing and sale of their drugs. in these situations, we have often provided services to our clients with respect to the clinical trials, programs or activities being audited or investigated, and we are called upon to respond to requests for information by the authorities and agencies. there is a risk that either our clients or regulatory authorities could claim that we performed our services improperly or that we are responsible for clinical trial or program compliance. if our clients or regulatory authorities make such claims against us and prove them, we could be subject to damages, fines or penalties. in addition, negative publicity regarding regulatory compliance of our clients’ clinical trials, programs or drugs could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
insufficient client funding to complete a clinical trial. as noted above, clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. there is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a client, and then the client becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the clinical trial. in such a situation, notwithstanding the client’s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the clinical trial, we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the clinical trial at our own expense.
security breaches and unauthorized use of our it systems and information, or the it systems or information in the possession of our vendors, could expose us, our clients, our data suppliers or others to risk of loss.
we rely upon the security of our computer and communications systems infrastructure to protect us from cyberattacks and unauthorized access. cyberattacks can include malware, computer viruses, hacking or other significant disruption of our computer, communications and related systems. although we take steps to manage and avoid these risks and to prevent their recurrence, our preventive and remedial actions may not be successful. such attacks, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in our incurring costs related to, for example, rebuilding internal systems, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages or fines, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties. publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with clients and data suppliers and reduce demand for our services.
we also store proprietary and sensitive information in connection with our business, which could be compromised by a cyberattack. to the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, an inappropriate disclosure of proprietary or sensitive information, an inability to access data sources, or an inability to process data or provide our offerings to our clients, it could cause significant damage to our
19
reputation, affect our relationships with our data suppliers and clients (including loss of suppliers and clients), lead to claims against us and ultimately harm our business. we may be required to incur significant costs to alleviate, remedy or protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. we may also face inquiry or increased scrutiny from government agencies as a result of any such disruption or breach. while we have insurance coverage for certain instances of a cyber security breach, our coverage may not be sufficient if we suffer a significant attack or multiple attacks. any such breach or disruption could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and our reputation as a provider of mission-critical services.
some of our vendors have significant responsibility for the security of certain of our data centers and computer-based platforms. also, our data suppliers have responsibility for security of their own computer and communications environments. these third parties face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours, which could disrupt their businesses and therefore materially impact ours. accordingly, we are subject to any flaw in or breaches to their computer and communications systems or those that they operate for us, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results.
failure to meet productivity objectives under our internal business transformation initiatives could adversely impact our competitiveness and harm our operating results.
we are pursuing business transformation initiatives to update technology, increase innovation and obtain operating efficiencies. as part of these initiatives, we seek to improve our productivity, flexibility, quality, functionality and cost savings by investing in the development and implementation of global platforms and integration of our business processes and functions to achieve economies of scale. for example, we hired and trained more than 500 people to form a center of excellence (“coe”) in manila, the philippines for standardizing and cleaning data received from data suppliers, developed updated tools for standardizing and cleaning data, are moving local standardizing and cleaning from countries around the world to the manila coe, and retired local standardizing and cleaning systems. these various initiatives may not yield their intended gains, which may impact our competitiveness and our ability to meet our growth objectives and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unsuccessful at investing in growth opportunities, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities, including the development and acquisition of new data, technologies and services to meet our clients’ needs. for example, we are expanding our services and technology offerings, such as the development of a cloud-based platform with a growing number of applications to support commercial operations for life sciences companies (e.g., multi-channel marketing, marketing campaign management, customer relationship management, incentive compensation management, targeting and segmentation, performance management and other applications). we also continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities in emerging markets, such as the development, launch and enhancement of services in china, india, russia, turkey and other countries. we believe healthcare spending in these emerging markets will continue to grow over the next five years, and we consider our presence in these markets to be an important focus of our growth strategy.
there is no assurance that our investment plans or growth strategy will be successful or will produce a sufficient or any return on our investments. further, if we are unable to develop new technologies and services, clients do not purchase our new technologies and services, our new technologies and services do not work as intended or there are delays in the availability or adoption of our new technologies and services, then we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur slower than anticipated. additionally, although we expect continued growth in healthcare spending in emerging markets, such spending may occur more slowly or not at all, and we may not benefit from our investments in these markets.
20
we plan to fund growth opportunities with cash from operations or from future financings. there can be no assurance that those sources will be available in sufficient amounts to fund future growth opportunities when needed.
any of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
data protection, privacy and similar laws restrict access, use and disclosure of information, and failure to comply with or adapt to changes in these laws could materially and adversely harm our business.
patient health information is among the most sensitive of personal information and it is critical that information about an individual’s healthcare is properly protected from inappropriate access, use and disclosure. laws restricting access, use and disclosure of such information include the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (“hipaa”), the european union (“eu”) data protection directive (which will be superseded by the general data protection regulation), canada’s personal information protection and electronic documents act and other data protection, privacy and similar national, state/provincial and local laws. we have established frameworks, models, processes and technologies to manage privacy for many data types, from a variety of sources, and under myriad privacy and data protection laws worldwide. in addition, we rely on our data suppliers to deliver information to us in a form and in a manner that complies with applicable privacy and data protection laws. these laws are complex and there is no assurance that the safeguards and controls employed by us or our data suppliers will be sufficient to prevent a breach of these laws, or that claims will not be filed against us or our data suppliers despite such safeguards and controls. for example, in february 2014, a group of individuals filed a civil lawsuit in korea against ims health korea ltd., our wholly-owned subsidiary (“ims korea”), the korean pharmaceutical association (“kpa”), and a kpa affiliate that supplies data to ims korea. the lawsuit alleges the kpa affiliate collected plaintiffs’ personal information without the necessary consent in violation of applicable privacy laws and transferred such information to ims korea for sale to clients. in addition, in july 2015, indictments were issued by the seoul central district prosecutors’ office in south korea against ims korea and two of its employees, among others, alleging improper handling of sensitive health information in violation of applicable privacy laws. alleged or actual failure to comply with such laws may result in, among other things, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, civil and criminal liability, data being blocked from use or liability under contractual provisions.
laws and expectations relating to privacy continue to evolve, and we continue to adapt to changing needs. nevertheless, changes in these laws (including newly released interpretations of these laws by courts and regulatory bodies) may limit our data access, use and disclosure, and may require increased expenditures by us or may dictate that we not offer certain types of services. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse impact on our ability to provide services to our clients or maintain our profitability.
there is ongoing concern from privacy advocates, regulators and others regarding data protection and privacy issues, and the number of jurisdictions with data protection and privacy laws has been increasing. also, there are ongoing public policy discussions regarding whether the standards for de-identified, anonymous or pseudonomized health information are sufficient, and the risk of re-identification sufficiently small, to adequately protect patient privacy. these discussions may lead to further restrictions on the use of such information. there can be no assurance that these initiatives or future initiatives will not adversely affect our ability to access and use data or to develop or market current or future services.
data protection, privacy and similar laws protect more than patient information, and although they vary by jurisdiction, these laws can extend to employee information, business contact information, provider information and other information relating to identifiable individuals. failure to comply with these laws may result in, among other things, civil and criminal liability, negative publicity, damage to our reputation and liability under contractual provisions. in addition, compliance with such laws may require increased costs to us or may dictate that we not offer certain types of services.
21
the occurrence of any of the foregoing could impact our ability to provide the same level of service to our clients, require us to modify our offerings or increase our costs, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
current and proposed laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal data could result in increased risks of liability or increased cost to us or could limit our service offerings.
the confidentiality, collection, use and disclosure of personal data, including clinical trial patient-specific information, are subject to governmental regulation generally in the country that the personal data were collected or used. for example, united states federal regulations under health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (“hipaa”) and as amended in 2014 by the health information technology for economic and clinical health (“hitech”) act, require individuals’ written authorization, in addition to any required informed consent, before protected health information may be used for research. we are both directly and indirectly affected by the privacy provisions surrounding individual authorizations because many investigators with whom we are involved in clinical trials are directly subject to them as a hipaa “covered entity” and because we obtain identifiable health information from third parties that are subject to such regulations. as there are some instances where we are a hipaa “business associate” of a “covered entity,” we can also be directly liable for mishandling protected health information. under hipaa’s enforcement scheme, we can be subject to up to $1.5 million in annual civil penalties for each hipaa violation.
in the eu personal data includes any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person with health information carrying additional obligations, including obtaining the explicit consent from the individual for collection, use or disclosure of the information. in addition, we are subject to eu rules with respect to cross-border transfers of such data out of the eu. the united states, the eu and its member states, and other countries where we have operations, such as japan, south korea, malaysia, the philippines, russia and singapore, continue to issue new privacy and data protection rules and regulations that relate to personal data and health information. failure to comply with certain certification/registration and annual re-certification/registration provisions associated with these data protection and privacy regulations and rules in various jurisdictions, or to resolve any serious privacy complaints, could subject us to regulatory sanctions, criminal prosecution or civil liability. federal, state and foreign governments are contemplating or have proposed or adopted additional legislation governing the collection, possession, use or dissemination of personal data, such as personal health information, and personal financial data as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. additional legislation or regulation of this type might, among other things, require us to implement new security measures and processes or bring within the legislation other personal data, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, if we violate applicable laws, regulations or duties relating to the use, privacy or security of personal data, we could be subject to civil liability or criminal prosecution, be forced to alter our business practices and suffer reputational harm.
our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights.
our success depends, in part, upon our ability to develop, use and protect our proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies and other intellectual property. existing laws of the various countries in which we provide services or solutions offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. we rely upon a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, nondisclosure, invention assignment and other contractual arrangements, and patent, copyright and trademark laws, to protect our intellectual property rights. these laws are subject to change at any time and certain agreements may not be fully enforceable, which could further restrict our ability to protect our innovations. our intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from independently developing services similar to or duplicative of ours. further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights.
22
our ability to obtain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to general litigation or third-party opposition risks, as well as the uncertainty as to the scope of protection, registrability, patentability, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights in each applicable country. governments may adopt regulations, and government agencies or courts may render decisions, requiring compulsory licensing of intellectual property rights. when we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights we may be subject to claims that the intellectual property rights are invalid or unenforceable. litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our confidential and proprietary information. litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property rights. furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management’s attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our solutions, delay introductions of new solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our solutions, or injure our reputation and harm our operating results and financial condition.
depending on the circumstances, we might need to grant a specific client greater rights in intellectual property developed in connection with a contract than we otherwise generally do. in certain situations, we might forego all rights to the use of intellectual property we create, which would limit our ability to reuse that intellectual property for other clients. any limitation on our ability to provide a service or solution could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities and require us to incur additional expenses to develop or license new or modified solutions for future projects.
the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information could reduce the differentiation of our services and harm our business; the value of our investment in development or business acquisitions could be reduced; and third parties might make claims against us related to losses of their confidential or proprietary information. in addition, we may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. third parties that license our proprietary rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. the protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. these incidents and claims could harm our business, reduce revenue, increase expenses and harm our reputation.
we may be subject to claims by others that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights.
third parties may assert claims that we or our clients infringe their intellectual property rights and these claims, with or without merit, could be expensive to litigate, cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management resources and attention in defending the claim. in some jurisdictions, plaintiffs can also seek injunctive relief that may limit the operation of our business or prevent the marketing and selling of our services that infringe on the plaintiff’s intellectual property rights. to resolve these claims, we may enter into licensing agreements with restrictive terms or significant fees, stop selling, be required to implement costly redesigns to the affected services, or pay damages to satisfy contractual obligations to others. if we do not resolve these claims in advance of a trial, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in court. these outcomes may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
in addition, certain contracts with our suppliers or clients contain provisions whereby we indemnify, subject to certain limitations, the counterparty for damages suffered as a result of claims related to intellectual property infringement and the use of our data. claims made under these provisions could be expensive to litigate and could result in significant payments.
23
we rely on licenses from third parties to certain technology and intellectual property rights for some of our services and the licenses we currently have could terminate or expire.
some of our commercial solutions services rely on technology or intellectual property rights owned and controlled by others. our licenses to this technology or these intellectual property rights could be terminated or could expire. we may be unable to replace these licenses in a timely manner. failure to renew these licenses, or renewals of these licenses on less advantageous terms, could harm our operating results and financial condition.
our financial results may be adversely affected if we underprice our contracts, overrun our cost estimates or fail to receive approval for or experience delays in documenting change orders.
most of our research & development solutions contracts are either fee for service contracts or fixed-fee contracts. our past financial results have been, and our future financial results may be, adversely impacted if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates and are unable to successfully negotiate a change order. change orders typically occur when the scope of work we perform needs to be modified from that originally contemplated by our contract with the client. modifications can occur, for example, when there is a change in a key clinical trial assumption or parameter or a significant change in timing. where we are not successful in converting out-of-scope work into change orders under our current contracts, we bear the cost of the additional work. such underpricing, significant cost overruns or delay in documentation of change orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the relationship of backlog to revenues varies over time.
backlog, on an “as-contracted” basis, represents future revenues for our research & development solutions business from work not yet completed or performed under signed binding commitments and signed contracts. once work begins on a project, revenue is recognized over the duration of the project. projects may be terminated or delayed by the client or delayed by regulatory authorities for reasons beyond our control. to the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our revenue could be affected. in the event that a client cancels a contract, we typically would be entitled to receive payment for all services performed up to the cancellation date and subsequent client-authorized services related to terminating the canceled project. typically, however, we have no contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in our backlog in the event of a contract cancellation. the duration of the projects included in our backlog, and the related revenue recognition, range from a few weeks to many years. our backlog may not be indicative of our future revenues from our research & development solutions business, and we may not realize all the anticipated future revenue reflected in our backlog. a number of factors may affect backlog, including:
•   the size, complexity and duration of the projects;

•   the cancellation or delay of projects; and

•   change in the scope of work during the course of a project.

although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in revenues to be recognized over time (depending on the level of cancellations), an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond directly to an increase in revenues during a particular period. computing backlog on an “as-contracted basis” rather than an “as awarded” basis may result in additions to the backlog later in the sales cycle than using the “as awarded” basis and may result in different rates of conversion from backlog to revenue than experienced using the “as awarded” basis. the extent to which contracts in backlog will result in revenue depends on many factors, including but not limited to delivery against projected schedules, the need for scope changes (change orders), contract cancellations and the nature, duration, size, complexity and phase of the contracts, each of which factors can vary significantly from time to time.
the rate at which our backlog converts to revenue may vary over time for a variety of reasons. the revenue recognition on larger, more global projects could be slower than on smaller, less global projects for a variety of
24
reasons, including but not limited to an extended period of negotiation between the time the project is awarded to us and the actual execution of the contract, as well as an increased timeframe for obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. additionally, the increased complexity of clinical trials and the need to enroll precise patient populations could extend the length of clinical trials causing revenue to be recognized over a longer period of time. further, delayed projects will remain in backlog, unless otherwise canceled by the client, and will not generate revenue at the rate originally expected. thus, the relationship of backlog to realized revenues may vary over time.
our business depends on the continued effectiveness and availability of our information systems, including the information systems we use to provide our services to our clients, and failures of these systems may materially limit our operations.
due to the global nature of our business and our reliance on information systems to provide our services, we intend to increase our use of web-enabled and other integrated information systems in delivering our services. we also provide access to similar information systems to certain of our clients in connection with the services we provide them. as the breadth and complexity of our information systems continue to grow, we will increasingly be exposed to the risks inherent in the development, integration and ongoing operation of evolving information systems, including:
•   disruption, impairment or failure of data centers, telecommunications facilities or other key infrastructure platforms;

•   security breaches of, cyberattacks on and other failures or malfunctions in our critical application systems or their associated hardware; and

•   excessive costs, excessive delays or other deficiencies in systems development and deployment.

the materialization of any of these risks may impede the processing of data, the delivery of databases and services, and the day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption, loss or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, confidential or other data. while we have disaster recovery plans in place, they might not adequately protect us in the event of a system failure. while many of our operations have disaster recovery plans in place, we currently do not have excess or standby computer processing or network capacity everywhere in the world to avoid disruption in the receipt, processing and delivery of data in the event of a system failure. despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our clients. corruption or loss of data may result in the need to repeat a clinical trial at no cost to the client, but at significant cost to us, the termination of a contract or damage to our reputation.
in addition, any failure by our computer environment to provide sufficient processing or network capacity to transfer data could result in interruptions in our service. in the event of a delay in the delivery of data, we could be required to transfer our data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. such a transfer could result in significant delays in our ability to deliver services to our clients, and increase our costs. additionally, significant delays in system enhancements or inadequate performance of new or upgraded systems once completed could damage our reputation and harm our business. finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. although we carry property and business interruption insurance, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur.
we have continued to undertake significant programs to optimize business processes with respect to our services. our inability to effectively manage the implementation and adapt to new processes designed into new or upgraded systems in a timely and cost-effective manner may result in disruption to our business and negatively affect our operations.
25
we have entered into agreements with certain vendors to provide systems development and integration services that develop or license to us the it platform for programs to optimize our business processes. if such vendors fail to perform as required or if there are substantial delays in developing, implementing and updating the it platform, our client delivery may be impaired, and we may have to make substantial further investments, internally or with third parties, to achieve our objectives. additionally, our progress may be limited by parties with existing or claimed patents who seek to enjoin us from using preferred technology or seek license payments from us. meeting our objectives is dependent on a number of factors which may not take place as we anticipate, including obtaining adequate technology-enabled services, creating it-enabled services that our clients will find desirable and implementing our business model with respect to these services. also, increased it-related expenditures may negatively impact our profitability.
we may experience challenges with the acquisition, development, enhancement or deployment of technology necessary for our business.
we operate in businesses that require sophisticated computer systems and software for data collection, data processing, cloud-based platforms, analytics, cryptography, statistical projections and forecasting, mobile computing, social media analytics and other applications and technologies, particularly our commercial solutions business. we seek to address our technology risks by increasing our reliance on the use of innovations by cross-industry technology leaders and adapt these for our biopharmaceutical and healthcare industry clients. some of these technologies supporting the industries we serve are changing rapidly and we must continue to adapt to these changes in a timely and effective manner at an acceptable cost. we also must continue to deliver data to our clients in forms that are easy to use while simultaneously providing clear answers to complex questions. there can be no guarantee that we will be able to develop, acquire or integrate new technologies, that these new technologies will meet our clients’ needs or achieve expected investment goals, or that we will be able to do so as quickly or cost-effectively as our competitors. significant technological change could render our services obsolete. moreover, the introduction of new services embodying new technologies could render existing services obsolete. our continued success will depend on our ability to adapt to changing technologies, manage and process ever-increasing amounts of data and information and improve the performance, features and reliability of our services in response to changing client and industry demands. we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful design, development, testing, introduction or marketing of our services. new services, or enhancements to existing services, may not adequately meet the requirements of current and prospective clients or achieve any degree of significant market acceptance. any of these failures could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
consolidation in the industries in which our clients operate may reduce the volume of services purchased by consolidated clients following an acquisition or merger, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
mergers or consolidations among our clients have in the past and could in the future reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. when companies consolidate, overlapping services previously purchased separately are usually purchased only once by the combined entity, leading to loss of revenue. other services that were previously purchased by one of the merged or consolidated entities may be deemed unnecessary or cancelled. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. there can be no assurance as to the degree to which we may be able to address the revenue impact of such consolidation. any of these developments could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
we may be adversely affected by client or therapeutic concentration.
although we did not have any client that represented 10% or more of our revenues in 2016, 2015 and 2014, we derive the majority of our revenues from a number of large clients. if any large client decreases or terminates its relationship with us, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
26
additionally, conducting multiple clinical trials for different clients in a single therapeutic class involving drugs with the same or similar chemical action has in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business if some or all of the clinical trials are canceled because of new scientific information or regulatory judgments that affect the drugs as a class or if industry consolidation results in the rationalization of drug development pipelines. similarly, marketing and selling drugs for different biopharmaceutical companies with similar chemical actions subjects us to risk if new scientific information or regulatory judgment prejudices the drugs as a class, which may lead to compelled or voluntary prescription limitations or withdrawal of some or all of such drugs from the market.
our business is subject to international economic, political and other risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we have significant operations in countries that may require complex arrangements to deliver services throughout the world for our clients. additionally, we have established operations in locations remote from our most developed business centers. as a result, we are subject to heightened risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including the following:
•                     required compliance with a variety of local laws and regulations which may be materially different than those to which we are subject in the united states or which may change unexpectedly; for example, conducting a single clinical trial across multiple countries is complex, and issues in one country, such as a failure to comply with local regulations or restrictions, may affect the progress of the clinical trial in the other countries, for example, by limiting the amount of data necessary for a clinical trial to proceed, resulting in delays or potential cancellation of contracts, which in turn may result in loss of revenue;

•              the united states or foreign countries could enact legislation or impose regulations or other restrictions, including unfavorable labor regulations, tax policies or economic sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business in or expatriate profits from the countries in which we operate, including hiring, retaining and overseeing qualified management personnel for managing operations in multiple countries, differing employment practices and labor issues, and tax-related risks, including the imposition of taxes and the lack of beneficial treaties, that result in a higher effective tax rate for us;

•   foreign countries are expanding or may expand their regulatory framework with respect to patient informed consent, protection and compensation in clinical trials, which could delay or inhibit our ability to conduct clinical trials in such jurisdictions;

•   the regulatory or judicial authorities of foreign countries may not enforce legal rights and recognize business procedures in a manner in which we are accustomed or would reasonably expect;

•   local, economic, political and social conditions, including potential hyperinflationary conditions, political instability, and potential nationalization, repatriation, expropriation, price controls or other restrictive government actions, including changes in political and economic conditions may lead to changes in the business environment in which we operate, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

•   immigration laws are subject to legislative change and varying standards of application and enforcement due to political forces, economic conditions or other events and local immigration laws may require us to meet certain other legal requirements as a condition to obtaining or maintaining entry visas, which may impact our ability to provide services to our clients;

•   potential violations of local laws or anti-bribery laws, such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act (“fcpa”), and the uk bribery act, may cause difficulty in managing foreign operations, as well as significant consequences to us if those laws are violated;

•   clients in foreign jurisdictions may have longer payment cycles, and it may be more difficult to collect receivables in foreign jurisdictions; and

27
•   natural disasters, pandemics or international conflict, including terrorist acts, could interrupt our services, endanger our personnel or cause project delays or loss of clinical trial materials or results.

these risks and uncertainties could negatively impact our ability to, among other things, perform large, global projects for our clients. furthermore, our ability to deal with these issues could be affected by applicable united states laws and the need to protect our assets. any such risks could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
exchange rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
because a large portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. exchange rate fluctuations between local currencies and the united states dollar create risk in several ways, including:
•   foreign currency translation risk. the revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes.
accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results.

•               foreign currency transaction risk. we are subject to foreign currency transaction risk for fluctuations in exchange rates during the period of time between the consummation and cash settlement of a transaction.
we earn revenue from our service contracts over a period of several months and, in some cases, over several years. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations during this period may affect our profitability with respect to such contracts.

we may limit these risks through exchange rate fluctuation provisions stated in our service contracts, or we may hedge our transaction risk with foreign currency exchange contracts or options. we have not, however, hedged all of our foreign currency transaction risk, and we may experience fluctuations in financial results from our operations outside the united states and foreign currency transaction risk associated with our service contracts.
due to the global nature of our business, we may be exposed to liabilities under the united states foreign corrupt practices act and various non-united states anti-corruption laws, and any allegation or determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are required to comply with the fcpa and other united states and non-united states anti-corruption laws, which prohibit companies from engaging in bribery including corruptly or improperly offering, promising, or providing money or anything else of value to non-united states officials and certain other recipients. in addition, the fcpa imposes certain books, records, and accounting control obligations on public companies and other issuers. we operate in parts of the world in which corruption can be common and compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. our global operations face the risk of unauthorized payments or offers being made by employees, consultants, sales agents, and other business partners outside of our control or without our authorization. it is our policy to implement safeguards to prohibit these practices by our employees and business partners with respect to our operations. however, irrespective of these safeguards, or as a result of monitoring compliance with such safeguards, it is possible that we or certain other parties may discover or receive information at some point that certain employees, consultants, sales agents, or other business partners may have engaged in corrupt conduct for which we might be held responsible. violations of the fcpa or other non-united states anti-corruption laws may result in restatements of, or irregularities in, our financial statements as well as severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. in some cases, companies that violate the fcpa may be debarred by the united states government and/or lose their united states export privileges. changes in anti-corruption laws or enforcement priorities could also result in increased compliance requirements and related costs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in
28
addition, the united states or other governments may seek to hold us liable for successor liability fcpa violations or violations of other anti-corruption laws committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquired or will acquire.
we face risks related to sales to government entities.
we derive a portion of our revenue from sales to government entities in the united states. in general, our contracts with united states government entities are terminable at will by the government entity at any time. government demand and payment for our services may be affected by public-sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations. government contracts are subject to oversight, including special rules on accounting, expenses, reviews and security. failure to comply with these rules could result in civil and criminal penalties and sanctions, including termination of contracts, fines and suspensions, or debarment from future business with the united states government. as a result, failure to comply with these rules could have an adverse effect on our future business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unable to successfully develop and market new services or enter new markets, our growth, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
a key element of our growth strategy is the successful development and marketing of new services or entering new markets that complement or expand our existing business. as we develop new services or enter new markets, including services targeted at participants in the broader healthcare industry, we may not have or adequately build the competencies necessary to perform such services satisfactorily, may not receive market acceptance for such services or may face increased competition. if we are unable to succeed in developing new services, entering new markets or attracting a client base for our new services or in new markets, we will be unable to implement this element of our growth strategy, and our future business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our research & development solutions business could subject us to potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our research & development solutions business involves the testing of new drugs on patients in clinical trials and, if marketing approval is granted, the availability of these drugs to be prescribed to patients. our involvement in the clinical trials and development process creates a risk of liability for personal injury to or death of patients, particularly those with life-threatening illnesses, resulting from adverse reactions to the drugs administered during testing or after product launch, respectively. for example, we have from time to time been sued and may be sued in the future by individuals alleging personal injury due to their participation in clinical trials and seeking damages from us under a variety of legal theories. although we maintain the types and amounts of insurance we view as customary in the industries and countries in which we operate, if we are required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with any personal injury claim that is outside the scope of indemnification agreements we have with our clients, if any indemnification agreement is not performed in accordance with its terms or if our liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage, our financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. we maintain professional liability insurance, including liability for completed operations coverage. in the future, we may not be able to get adequate insurance for these types of risks at reasonable rates.
we also contract with physicians to serve as investigators in conducting clinical trials. if the investigators commit errors or make omissions during a clinical trial that result in harm to clinical trial patients or after a clinical trial to a patient using the drug after it has received regulatory approval, claims for personal injury or liability damages may result. additionally, if the investigators engage in fraudulent behavior, clinical trial data may be compromised, which may require us to repeat the clinical trial or subject us to liability. we do not believe we are legally responsible for the medical care rendered by such third-party investigators, and we would
29
vigorously defend any claims brought against us. however, it is possible we could be found liable for claims with respect to the actions of third-party investigators, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
some of our research & development solutions services involve direct interaction with clinical trial subjects or volunteers and operation of phase i clinical facilities, which could create potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate facilities where phase i clinical trials are conducted, which ordinarily involve testing an investigational drug on a limited number of healthy individuals, typically 20 to 80 persons, to determine such drug’s basic safety. failure to operate such a facility in accordance with applicable regulations could result in that facility being shut down, which could disrupt our operations. additionally, we face risks associated with adverse events resulting from the administration of such drugs to healthy volunteers and the professional malpractice of medical care providers. occasionally, physicians employed at our phase i clinical facilities act as principal investigators in later-phase clinical trials at those same facilities. we also directly employ nurses and other trained employees who assist in implementing the testing involved in our clinical trials, such as drawing blood from healthy volunteers. any professional malpractice or negligence by such investigators, nurses or other employees could potentially result in liability to us in the event of personal injury to or death of a healthy volunteer in clinical trials. this liability, particularly if it were to exceed the limits of any indemnification agreements and insurance coverage we may have, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
our integrated engagement services business could result in liability to us if a drug causes harm to a patient. while we are generally indemnified and insured against such risks, we may still suffer financial losses.
when we market drugs under contract for a biopharmaceutical company, we could suffer liability for harm allegedly caused by those drugs, either as a result of a lawsuit against the biopharmaceutical company to which we are joined, a lawsuit naming us or any of our subsidiaries or an action launched by a regulatory body. while we are generally indemnified by the biopharmaceutical company for the action of the drugs we market on its behalf, and we carry insurance to cover harm caused by our negligence in performing services, it is possible that we could nonetheless incur financial losses, regulatory penalties or both. in particular, any claim could result in potential liability for us if the claim is outside the scope of the indemnification agreement we have with the biopharmaceutical company, the biopharmaceutical company does not abide by the indemnification agreement as required or the liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage. such a finding could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. furthermore, negative publicity associated with harm caused by drugs we helped to market could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
our insurance may not cover all of our indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with our operations.
we maintain insurance designed to provide coverage for ordinary risks associated with our operations and our ordinary indemnification obligations. the coverage provided by such insurance may not be adequate for all claims we may make or may be contested by our insurance carriers. if our insurance is not adequate or available to pay liabilities associated with our operations, or if we are unable to purchase adequate insurance at reasonable rates in the future, our profitability may be adversely impacted.
if we are unable to attract suitable investigators and patients for our clinical trials, our clinical development business might suffer.
the timely recruitment of investigators and patients for clinical trials is essential to our research & development solutions business. investigators are typically located at hospitals, clinics or other sites and supervise
30
the administration of the investigational drug to patients during the course of a clinical trial. patients generally include people from the communities in which the clinical trials are conducted. our clinical development business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract suitable and willing investigators or patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. for example, if we are unable to engage investigators to conduct clinical trials as planned or enroll sufficient patients in clinical trials, we might need to expend additional funds to obtain access to resources or else be compelled to delay or modify the clinical trial plans, which may result in additional costs to us.
if we lose the services of key personnel or are unable to recruit additional qualified personnel, our business could be adversely affected.
our success substantially depends on the collective performance, contributions and expertise of our personnel including senior management and key personnel, qualified professional, scientific and technical operating staff and qualified sales representatives for our contract sales services. there is significant and increasing competition for qualified personnel, particularly those with higher educational degrees, such as a medical degree, a ph.d. or an equivalent degree, or relevant experience in the industry and in the locations in which we operate. in addition, the departure of our key employees, or our inability to continue to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel or replace any departed personnel in a timely fashion, may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively in our industry and may negatively affect our ability to meet financial and operational goals.
disruptions in the credit and capital markets and unfavorable general economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions in the credit and capital markets could have negative effects on our business that may be difficult to predict or anticipate, including the ability of our clients, vendors, contractors and financing sources to meet their contractual obligations. although we are unable to quantify the impact it has had on us, we are aware of a limited number of instances in our research & development solutions business during the past several years where cancellations, changes in scope and failure to pay timely were attributable, at least in part, to difficulty in our clients’ ability to obtain financing. in the future such actions by our clients could, if they involve a significant amount of business with us, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our effective income tax rate may fluctuate, which may adversely affect our operations, earnings and earnings per share.
our effective income tax rate is influenced by our projected profitability in the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our net income and earnings per share. factors that may affect our effective income tax rate include, but are not limited to:
•   the requirement to exclude from our quarterly worldwide effective income tax calculations losses in jurisdictions where no income tax benefit can be recognized;

•   actual and projected full year pre-tax income;

•   changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities;

•   the repatriation of foreign earnings to the united states;

•   changes in tax laws in various taxing jurisdictions;

•   audits by taxing authorities; and

•   the establishment of valuation allowances against deferred income tax assets if we determined that it is more likely than not that future income tax benefits will not be realized.

31
these changes may cause fluctuations in our effective income tax rate that could adversely affect our results of operations and cause fluctuations in our earnings and earnings per share. additional information regarding our income taxes is presented in note 18 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
our relationships with existing or potential clients who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other clients or potential clients use our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
the biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, with biopharmaceutical companies each seeking to persuade payers, providers and patients that their drug therapies are better and more cost-effective than competing therapies marketed or being developed by competing firms. in addition to the adverse competitive interests that biopharmaceutical companies have with each other, biopharmaceutical companies also have adverse interests with respect to drug selection and reimbursement with other participants in the healthcare industry, including payers and providers. biopharmaceutical companies also compete to be first to market with new drug therapies. we regularly provide services to biopharmaceutical companies who compete with each other, and we sometimes provide services or funding to such clients regarding competing drugs in development. our existing or future relationships with our biopharmaceutical clients may therefore deter other biopharmaceutical clients from using our services or may result in our clients seeking to place limits on our ability to serve other biopharmaceutical industry participants in connection with drug development activities. in addition, our further expansion into the broader healthcare market may adversely impact our relationships with biopharmaceutical clients, and such clients may elect not to use our services, reduce the scope of services that we provide to them or seek to place restrictions on our ability to serve clients in the broader healthcare market with interests that are adverse to theirs. a loss of clients or reductions in the level of revenues from a client could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and prospects.
if we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate existing businesses, services and technologies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted.
we anticipate that a portion of our future growth may come from acquiring existing businesses, services or technologies. the success of any acquisition will depend upon, among other things, our ability to effectively integrate acquired personnel, operations, services and technologies into our business and to retain the key personnel and clients of our acquired businesses. in addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or obtain any necessary financing on commercially acceptable terms. we may also spend time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition targets but not complete the transaction. any future acquisition could involve other risks, including, among others, the assumption of additional liabilities and expenses, difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating the acquired companies and achieving the expected benefits, issuances of potentially dilutive securities or interest-bearing debt, loss of key employees of the acquired companies, transaction costs, diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and, with respect to the acquisition of foreign companies, the inability to overcome differences in foreign business practices, language and customs. our failure to identify potential acquisitions, complete targeted acquisitions and integrate completed acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
investments in our clients’ businesses or drugs and our related commercial rights strategies could have a negative impact on our financial performance.
we may enter into arrangements with our clients or other drug companies in which we take on some of the risk of the potential success or failure of their businesses or drugs, including making strategic investments in our clients or other drug companies, providing financing to clients or other drug companies or acquiring an interest in the revenues from clients’ drugs or in entities developing a limited number of drugs. our financial results would be adversely affected if these investments or the underlying drugs result in losses or do not achieve the level of success that we anticipate and/or our return or payment from the drug investment or financing is less than our direct and indirect costs with respect to these arrangements.
32
our results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets.
we assess the realizability of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill annually and conduct an interim evaluation whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset, indicate that these assets may be impaired. for example, we recognized $28 million of impairment losses during the year ended december 31, 2016, for goodwill and intangible assets in our encore reporting unit. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of the businesses we have acquired, which in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses into our own business. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. such impairment charges could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations.
from time to time, we have adopted restructuring plans to improve our operating efficiency through various means such as reduction of overcapacity, elimination of non-billable support roles or other realignment of resources. in addition, we have provided guidance of cost synergies of annualized savings exiting 2019 of $200 million in connection with the merger. restructuring presents significant potential risks of events occurring that could adversely affect us, including:
•   actual or perceived disruption of service or reduction in service standards to clients;

•   the failure to preserve supplier relationships and distribution, sales and other important relationships and to resolve conflicts that may arise;

•   loss of sales as we reduce or eliminate staffing on non-core services;

•   diversion of management attention from ongoing business activities; and

•   the failure to maintain employee morale and retain key employees.

further, any such restructuring would result in charges that, if material, could harm our results of operations and significantly reduce our cash position or increase debt. in addition, we may incur certain unforeseen costs once any restructuring activities are implemented. further, if we determine to effect any restructuring, we can give no assurance that any projected cost reductions resulting from such restructuring activities will be achieved within the expected timeframe, or at all.
because of these and other factors, we cannot predict whether we will realize the purpose and anticipated benefits of these measures and, if we do not, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
additionally, there may be delays in implementing the restructuring activities or a failure to achieve the anticipated levels of cost savings and efficiency as a result of the restructuring activities, each of which could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. further restructuring or reorganization activities may also be required in the future beyond what is currently planned, which could further enhance the risks associated with these activities.
risks relating to our industry the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive.
the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive. our business often competes with other biopharmaceutical services companies, internal discovery departments, development departments, sales and marketing departments, information technology departments and other departments within our clients, some of
33
which could be considered large biopharmaceutical services companies in their own right with greater resources than ours. we also compete with universities, teaching hospitals, governments agencies and others. if we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. the industry is highly fragmented, with numerous smaller specialized companies and a handful of companies with global capabilities similar to certain of our own capabilities. increased competition has led to price and other forms of competition, such as acceptance of less favorable contract terms, that could adversely affect our operating results. there are few barriers to entry for companies considering offering any one or more of the services we offer. because of their size and focus, these companies might compete effectively against us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business.
our future growth and success will depend on our ability to successfully compete with other companies that provide similar services in the same markets, some of which may have financial, marketing, technical and other advantages. we also expect that competition will continue to increase as a result of consolidation among these various companies. large technology companies with substantial resources, technical expertise and greater brand power could also decide to enter or further expand in the markets where our business operates and compete with us. if one or more of our competitors or potential competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, or if a new entrant emerged with substantial resources, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. we compete on the basis of various factors, including breadth and depth of services, reputation, reliability, quality, innovation, security, price and industry expertise and experience. in addition, our ability to compete successfully may be impacted by the growing availability of health information from social media, government health information systems and other free or low-cost sources. for example, the united kingdom’s national health service started releasing large volumes of data beginning in december 2011 at little or no charge, reducing the demand for our information services derived from similar data. in addition, consolidation or integration of wholesalers, retail pharmacies, health networks, payers or other healthcare stakeholders may lead any of them to provide information services directly to clients or indirectly through a designated service provider, resulting in increased competition from firms that may have lower costs to market (e.g., no data supply costs). any of the above may result in lower demand for our services, which could result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in aggregate spending and research and development budgets could adversely affect our operating results and growth rate.
economic factors and industry trends that affect biopharmaceutical companies affect our research & development solutions business. biopharmaceutical companies continue to seek long-term strategic collaborations with global contract research organizations with favorable pricing terms. competition for these collaborations is intense and we may decide to forego an opportunity or we may not be selected, in which case a competitor may enter into the collaboration and our business with the client, if any, may be limited. in addition, if the biopharmaceutical industry reduces its outsourcing of clinical trials and sales and marketing projects or such outsourcing fails to grow at projected rates, our operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. we may also be negatively impacted by consolidation and other factors in the biopharmaceutical industry, which may slow decision making by our clients or result in the delay or cancellation of clinical trials. our commercial services may be affected by reductions in new drug launches and increases in the number of drugs losing patent protection. all of these events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our business may be materially and adversely impacted by factors affecting the biopharmaceutical and healthcare industries.
the vast majority of our revenue is generated from sales to the biopharmaceutical and healthcare industries. the clients we serve in these industries are commonly subject to financial pressures, including, but not limited to, increased costs, reduced demand for their products, reductions in pricing and reimbursement for products and services, formulary approval and placement, government approval to market their products and limits on the manner by which they market their products, loss of patent exclusivity (whether due to patent
34
expiration or as a result of a successful legal challenge) and the proliferation of or changes to regulations applicable to these industries. to the extent our clients face such pressures, or they change how they utilize our offerings, the demand for our services, or the prices our clients are willing to pay for those services, may decline. any such decline could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we may be affected by healthcare reform and potential additional reforms.
the united states congress continues to consider healthcare reform legislation and impose health industry cost containment measures, which may significantly impact the biopharmaceutical industry. in addition, numerous government bodies are considering or have adopted various healthcare reforms and may undertake, or are in the process of undertaking, efforts to control growing healthcare costs through legislation, regulation and voluntary agreements with medical care providers and biopharmaceutical companies. we are uncertain as to the effects of these recent reforms on our business and are unable to predict what legislative proposals, if any, will be adopted in the future. if regulatory cost containment efforts limit the profitability of new drugs, our clients may reduce their research and development spending or promotional, marketing and sales expenditures, which could reduce the business they outsource to us. similarly, if regulatory requirements are relaxed or simplified drug approval procedures are adopted, the demand for our services could decrease.
foreign and domestic government bodies may also adopt healthcare legislation or regulations that are more burdensome than existing regulations. for example, product safety concerns and recommendations by the drug safety oversight board could change the regulatory environment for drug products, and new or heightened regulatory and licensing requirements may increase our expenses or limit or delay our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, new or heightened regulatory requirements may have a negative impact on the ability of our clients to conduct industry-sponsored clinical trials, which could reduce the need for our services.
actions by government regulators or clients to limit a prescription’s scope or withdraw an approved drug from the market could adversely affect our business and result in a loss of revenues.
government regulators have the authority, after approving a drug, to regulate or limit its scope of prescription or withdraw it from the market completely based on safety concerns. similarly, clients may act to voluntarily limit the scope of prescription of drugs or withdraw them from the market. in the past, we have provided services with respect to drugs that have been limited and/or withdrawn. if we are providing services to clients for drugs that are limited or withdrawn, we may be required to narrow the scope of or terminate our services with respect to such drugs, which would prevent earning the full amount of revenues anticipated under the related service contracts with negative impacts to our financial results.
if we do not keep pace with rapid technological changes, our services may become less competitive or obsolete.
the biopharmaceutical industry is subject to rapid technological changes. our current competitors or other businesses might develop technologies or services that are more effective or commercially attractive than, or render obsolete, our current or future technologies and services. if our competitors introduce superior technologies or services and if we cannot make enhancements to remain competitive, our competitive position would be harmed. if we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose clients or be unable to attract new clients, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and financial condition.
laws restricting biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices may adversely impact demand for our services.
there have been a significant number of laws, legislative initiatives and regulatory actions over the years that seek to limit biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices. for example, three states in 2006 and 2007 passed laws restricting the use of prescriber identifiable information for the purpose of promoting branded
35
prescription medicines. although these laws were subsequently declared to be unconstitutional based on a decision of the u.s. supreme court in sorrell v. ims health in 2011, we are unable to predict whether, and in what form, other initiatives may be introduced or actions taken at the state or federal levels to limit biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices. in addition, while we will continue to seek to adapt our services to comply with the requirements of these laws (to the extent applicable to our services), if enacted, there can be no assurance that our efforts to adapt our offerings will be successful and provide the same financial contribution to us. there can also be no assurance that future legislative initiatives will not adversely affect our ability to develop or market current or future offerings, or that any future laws will not diminish the demand for our services, all of which could, over time, result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
our research & development solutions clients face intense competition from lower cost generic products, which may lower the amount that they spend on our services.
our research & development solutions clients face increasing competition from lower cost generic products, which in turn may affect their ability to pursue research and development activities with us. in the united states, eu and japan, political pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to legislation and other measures which encourages the use of generic products. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the united states and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs. loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic substitutes, reducing our clients’ sales of that product and their overall profitability. availability of generic substitutes for our clients’ drugs may adversely affect their results of operations and cash flow, which in turn may mean that they would not have surplus capital to invest in research and development and drug commercialization, including in our services. if competition from generic products impacts our clients’ finances such that they decide to curtail our services, our revenues may decline and this could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks relating to our indebtedness restrictions imposed in the senior secured credit facilities and other outstanding indebtedness, including the indentures governing quintiles ims holdings, inc. outstanding notes, may limit our ability to operate our business and to finance our future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities.
the terms of the senior secured credit facilities restrict quintilesims and its restricted subsidiaries from engaging in specified types of transactions. these covenants restrict the ability of quintilesims and its restricted subsidiaries, among other things, to:
•   incur liens;

•   make investments and loans;

•   incur indebtedness or guarantees;

•   issue preferred stock of a restricted subsidiary;

•   issue disqualified equity;

•   engage in mergers, acquisitions and asset sales;

•   declare dividends, make payments or redeem or repurchase equity interests;

•   alter the business quintilesims and its restricted subsidiaries conduct;

•   make restricted payments;

•   enter into agreements limiting restricted subsidiary distributions;

36
•   prepay, redeem or purchase certain indebtedness; and

•   engage in certain transactions with affiliates.

in addition, the revolving credit facility and the new term loans under our senior secured credit facility require quintilesims to comply with a quarterly maximum senior secured net leverage ratio test and minimum interest coverage ratio test, which become more restrictive over time. quintilesims’s ability to comply with these financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and quintilesims may not be able to satisfy them. additionally, the restrictions contained in the indentures governing the outstanding notes could also limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, meet capital needs or make acquisitions or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facilities or the indentures governing the outstanding notes, which could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results. in the event of any default under the senior secured credit facilities, the applicable lenders could elect to terminate borrowing commitments and declare all borrowings and loans outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and any fees and other obligations, to be due and payable. in addition, or in the alternative, the applicable lenders could exercise their rights under the security documents entered into in connection with the senior secured credit facilities. quintilesims and the other subsidiary guarantors have pledged substantially all of their tangible and intangible assets (subject to customary exceptions) as collateral under the senior secured credit facilities, including the stock and the assets of certain of our current and future wholly owned united states subsidiaries and a portion of the stock of certain of our non-united states subsidiaries.
if we were unable to repay or otherwise refinance these borrowings and loans when due, the applicable lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. in the event the applicable lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. any acceleration of amounts due under the credit agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities or the exercise by the applicable lenders of their rights under the security documents would likely have a material adverse effect on us.
despite our level of indebtedness, we are able to incur more debt and undertake additional obligations. incurring such debt or undertaking such additional obligations could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition.
although our credit agreement, which governs the senior credit facilities of our wholly owned subsidiary through which we conduct our operations, quintiles ims incorporated (“opco”), contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could increase. in addition, the receivables financing agreement for our special purpose subsidiary, quintiles funding, llc (“quintiles funding”) limits borrowing based on the amount of receivables purchased by quintiles funding from certain of our other subsidiaries, but when supported by the value of such purchased receivables, the debt under our receivables financing facility can increase.
while the credit agreement also contains restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries’ ability to make loans and investments, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the investments incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.
37
restrictive covenants in our other indebtedness may limit our flexibility in our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to pursue our business strategies.
the terms contained in certain of our indebtedness, including credit facilities and any future indebtedness of ours, may include a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions, including restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries’ ability to take actions that we believe may be in our interest. these agreements, among other things, limit our ability to:
•   incur additional debt;

•   provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons;

•   issue redeemable stock and preferred stock;

•   pay dividends or distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock;

•   prepay, redeem or repurchase debt;

•   make loans, investments and capital expenditures;

•   enter into transactions with affiliates;

•   create or incur liens;

•   make distributions from our subsidiaries;

•   sell assets and capital stock of our subsidiaries;

•   make acquisitions; and

•   consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person.

a breach of the covenants or restrictions under the agreements governing our other indebtedness could result in a default under the applicable indebtedness. such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. in the event our lenders and noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we cannot assure that we and our subsidiaries would have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness.
our financial results, our substantial indebtedness and our credit ratings could adversely affect the availability and terms of future financing.
interest rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
because we have variable rate debt, fluctuations in interest rates affect our business. we attempt to minimize interest rate risk and lower our overall borrowing costs through the utilization of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate caps and swaps. we have entered into interest rate caps and swaps with financial institutions that have reset dates and critical terms that match those of our senior secured term loan credit facility. accordingly, any change in market value associated with the interest rate caps and swaps is offset by the opposite market impact on the related debt. because we do not attempt to hedge all of our variable rate debt, we may incur higher interest costs for the portion of our variable rate debt which is not hedged.
38
risks relating to ownership of our common stock the parties to the shareholders agreement continue to have significant influence over us after the merger, including control over decisions that require the approval of stockholders, which could limit the ability of other stockholders to influence the outcome of matters submitted to stockholders for a vote.
as of february 9, 2017, certain of the largest post-merger stockholders own approximately 41.4% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. these stockholders are parties to a shareholders agreement dated may 3, 2016 (the “shareholders agreement”) that superseded and replaced the quintiles’ amended and restated shareholders agreement dated february 5, 2015 and the quintiles’ second amended and restated registration rights agreement, dated may 14, 2013, as amended and the ims health amended and restated shareholders agreement dated as of april 9, 2014.
the parties to the shareholders agreement, other than dr. dennis gillings and certain of his affiliates (the “dg shareholders”) (who have agreed separately to vote in favor of the merger and the transactions contemplated thereby), have agreed to vote for individuals designated to the surviving corporation board of directors upon completion of the merger as follows:
•   ari bousbib (as our chief executive officer);

•   one individual designated by the tpg-q funds and the tpg-i funds (collectively “tpg shareholders”) (until the time at which the tpg shareholders beneficially own, as a group, less than 5% of our outstanding common stock);

•   another individual designated by the tpg shareholders (until the earlier of (i) the seven year anniversary of completion of the merger and (ii) time at which the tpg shareholders beneficially own, as a group,
5% or more but less than 12% of our outstanding common stock);

•   one individual designated by each of bain capital investors, llc (“bain capital”), the lgp shareholders and the cpp shareholder (each until the earlier of (i) the day after our 2018 annual meeting of stockholders or (ii) the time at which such stockholder group beneficially owns less than 2.5% of our outstanding common stock);

•   four individuals who are non-stockholder, independent directors; and

•   until the company’s 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, the vacancy resulting from thomas h. pike’s resignation may be filled by remaining quintiles nominees (as defined in the shareholders agreement).

the shareholders agreement provides that we will use our best efforts to cause dr. gillings to be elected as the lead director through our 2018 annual meeting of stockholders and to be elected as a director so that he may serve as a director until the day after our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders (provided that the dg shareholders, as a group, continue to beneficially own at least 2.5% of our outstanding common stock), including using its best efforts to support his nomination for the slate of director nominees for a three-year term at our 2017 and 2020 annual meetings of stockholders.
as a result, the parties to the shareholders agreement potentially have the ability to influence decisions of our company to enter into any corporate transaction (and the terms thereof), any change in the composition of our board of directors and any transaction that requires stockholder approval regardless of whether others believe that such change or transaction is in the best interests of our company. additionally, the parties to the shareholders agreement are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. one or more of the parties to the shareholders agreement may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our businesses and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. so long as the parties to the shareholders agreement continue to own a significant amount of our equity, if they exercise their stockholder rights collectively, they will be able to significantly influence our decisions.
39
provisions of the corporate governance documents of quintilesims could make an acquisition of quintilesims difficult and may prevent attempts by its stockholders to replace or remove its management, even if beneficial to its stockholders.
in addition to the beneficial ownership of a large percentage of quintilesims common stock by the parties to the shareholders agreement, our certificate of incorporation and delaware bylaws and the general corporation law of delaware (“dgcl”) contain provisions that could make it difficult for a third party to acquire quintilesims even if doing so might be beneficial to its stockholders, including:
•   the division of the board of directors into three classes and the election of each class for three-year terms;

•   subject to the shareholders agreement, the sole ability of the board of directors to fill a vacancy created by the death or resignation of a director or the expansion of the board of directors;

•   advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations;

•   limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings and to take action by written consent;

•   the approval of holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of quintilesims entitled to vote on any amendment, alteration, change, addition or repeal of the delaware bylaws is required to amend, alter, change, add to or repeal the delaware bylaws;

•   the required approval of holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of quintilesims to remove directors, which removal may only be for cause, subject to different requirements in the case of directors elected by a voting group of stockholders and the terms of the shareholders agreement; and

•   the ability of the board of directors to issue new series of, and designate the terms of, preferred stock, without stockholder approval, which could be used to, among other things, institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by the board of directors.

in addition, quintilesims is subject to section 203 of the dgcl regulating corporate takeovers, although our board of directors adopted a resolution approving the merger pursuant to which shares of common stock were acquired, by among others, the tpg shareholders. section 203, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a delaware corporation from engaging in any “business combination” with any “interested stockholder” for a period of three years following the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder unless:
•   prior to such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

•                 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or

•   on or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder.

in general, section 203 defines “business combination” to include mergers or consolidations between a delaware corporation and an interested stockholder, transactions with an interested stockholder involving the
40
assets or stock of the corporation or its majority-owned subsidiaries and transactions which increase an interested stockholder’s percentage ownership of stock. in general, section 203 defines an “interested stockholder” as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by stockholders to replace members of the board of directors. because quintilesims’s board is responsible for appointing the members of management, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt to replace current members of management. as a result, stockholders of quintilesims may lose their ability to sell their stock for a price in excess of the prevailing market price due to these protective measures, and efforts by stockholders to change the direction or management of quintilesims may be unsuccessful.
our operating results and share price may be volatile, which could cause the value of our stockholders’ investments to decline.
our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future, and such fluctuations may be significant. in addition, securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of our shares to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. our operating results and the trading price of our shares may fluctuate in response to various factors, including:
•   market conditions in the broader stock market;

•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual financial and operating results;

•   introduction of new services by us or our competitors;

•   issuance of new or changed securities analysts’ reports or recommendations;

•   sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock;

•   additions or departures of key personnel;

•   regulatory or political developments;

•   litigation and governmental investigations;

•   changing economic conditions; and

•   exchange rate fluctuations.

these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price for our shares to fluctuate substantially. while we believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares and may otherwise negatively affect the market price and liquidity of our shares. in addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. if any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation.
there may be sales of a substantial amount of our common stock by our current stockholders, and these sales could cause the price of our common stock to fall.
as of february 9, 2017, there were 235,719,111 shares of common stock outstanding. approximately 41.4% of the outstanding shares of our common stock is held by parties to the shareholders agreement).
41
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales will occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future. for example, as restrictions on resale end, the market price of our common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them.
stockholders that are a party to the shareholders agreement may require us to register their shares for resale under the federal securities laws, subject to certain requirements. under the shareholders agreement, we are required to pay the registration expenses associated with the registration of such shares, not including the underwriting discounts, commissions and transfer taxes. registration of those shares would allow those stockholders to immediately resell their shares in the public market. any such sales or the anticipation of such sales may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
in addition, we may use our cash, cash generated from operations or dispositions of assets or businesses and/or proceeds from any new financing arrangements or issuances of debt or equity securities to repurchase shares, including the repurchase of shares from our stockholders that are a party to the shareholders agreement.
since we have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on our common stock, stockholders may not receive any return on investment unless they sell their common stock for a price greater than that which they paid for it.
although we have previously declared dividends to our stockholders prior to our initial public offering in may 2013, we do not currently anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on our common stock. any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board may deem relevant. in addition, our ability to pay dividends is, and may be, limited by covenants of existing and any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur, including under our existing credit facilities. therefore, any return on investment in our common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our common stock on the open market, which may not occur.
our certificate of incorporation contains a provision renouncing any interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities identified by certain of our affiliates, even if such corporate opportunities are ones that we might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue.
our certificate of incorporation provides that our company renounces any interest or expectancy in the business opportunities of the tpg shareholders, the bain shareholders, cpp investment board private holdings inc. (“cpp shareholder”), and leonard green & partners, l.p. (“lgp shareholders”), and their affiliates (other than our company and our subsidiaries) and all of their respective partners, principals, directors, officers, members, managers, managing directors and/or employees, and each such person will have no obligation to offer us such opportunities. this provision applies to these stockholders (and associated parties) only for so long as a nominee designated by the stockholder under the shareholders agreement continues to serve on the board. stockholders are deemed to have notice of and have consented to this provision of our certificate of incorporation.
therefore, a director or officer of our company who also serves as a director, officer, member, manager, or employee of such stockholders may pursue certain business opportunities, including acquisitions, that may be complementary to its business and, as a result, such opportunities may not be available to us. these potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects of our company if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by such stockholders to themselves or their other affiliates instead of to us.
42
risks relating to the merger quintilesims may be unable to fully realize the competitive and operating synergies that are projected to be achieved through the combination of quintiles’ services and ims health’s offerings.
part of the strategic rationale for the merger is the opportunity for us to potentially drive additional revenue and earnings through the utilization by quintiles of ims health’s data assets and capabilities in accelerating clinical trials. however, the utilization of data in the two companies’ markets is still evolving and subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including the following:
•   government regulatory agencies and legislative bodies, including agencies and legislatures regulating the use of personal data, may impose new conditions or restrictions which affect our use of ims health data;

•   our clients may decide that they will not award additional business to quintilesims based on its data capabilities;

•   implementation of any operational plans to create new data services and solutions for our clients will likely be complex and technically challenging to implement, and may be subject to delays and cost overruns and there is no assurance that the implementation can be carried out effectively;

•   clinical research is a complex and evolving area, and creating effective approaches involving the use of third party data to drive more effective and efficient research outcomes is difficult and challenging; and

•   third parties outside of the control of the company (including suppliers, regulators, and clients) may impose restrictions or conditions which affect the projected data synergies arising from the transaction.

we are unable to predict the extent to which these factors will inhibit our business plans and any one of them could result in decreased or delays in our performance.
we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the merger or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. we may also encounter significant difficulties in integrating the two businesses.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the two businesses. the combination of two independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. as a result, we are required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating their business practices and operations. the integration process may disrupt the businesses and, if implemented ineffectively, would restrict the realization of the full-expected benefits. the failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating the two businesses and to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction could cause an interruption of or a loss of momentum in, the activities of quintilesims and could adversely affect the results of operations of quintilesims.
in addition, the overall integration of the businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of client relationships, and diversion of management’s attention. the difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others:
•   difficulties in achieving anticipated cost savings, synergies, business opportunities and growth prospects from the combination;

•   difficulties in the integration of the companies’ businesses;

•   difficulties in managing the expanded operations of a significantly larger and more complex company;

•   challenges in attracting and retaining key personnel; and

•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the merger.

43
many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, even if the operations of the businesses of quintiles and ims health are integrated successfully, the full benefits of the transaction may not be realized, including the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that are expected. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. further, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of the businesses of quintiles and ims health. all of these factors could negatively impact our earnings per share, decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the transaction and negatively impact the price of our shares. as a result, there is no assurance that the combination of quintiles and ims health will result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the merger.
the future results of quintilesims will suffer if we do not effectively manage its expanded operations following the completion of the merger.
following the completion of the merger, the size of the business of quintilesims increased significantly beyond the current size of either quintiles’ or ims health’s business. our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which poses substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. if we are unsuccessful in managing our integrated operations, or if we do not realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings and other benefits currently anticipated from the merger, the operations and financial condition of quintilesims could be adversely affected and we may not be able to take advantage of business development opportunities.
if the merger does not qualify as a reorganization under section 368(a) of the internal revenue code, ims health and the ims health stockholders may be required to pay substantial united states federal income taxes.
it was a condition of the merger that legal opinions from tax counsel were received that the merger will be treated for united states federal income tax purposes as a “reorganization” within the meaning of section 368(a) of the internal revenue code. these opinions were based on certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters from quintiles and ims health, as well as certain covenants and undertakings by quintiles and ims health. if any of the assumptions, representations, covenants or undertakings is incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate or is violated in any material respect, the validity of the conclusions reached by tax counsel would be jeopardized. additionally, an opinion of counsel is not binding on the internal revenue service (“irs”) or any court, so there can be no certainty that the irs will not challenge the conclusions reflected in the opinions or that a court will not sustain such a challenge. if the irs or a court determines that the merger should not be treated as a “reorganization,” a holder of ims health common stock that is a united states holder would generally recognize a gain or loss upon the exchange of ims health common stock for quintilesims common stock pursuant to the merger. in addition, if the merger is not treated as a “reorganization,” ims health would recognize a gain or loss, measured generally by the difference between the fair market value of ims health’s assets and ims health’s adjusted tax basis in such assets.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this annual report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. you should read the “risk factors” section of this annual report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
overview quintiles ims holdings, inc. (“quintilesims”, the “company”, “we”, “our” and/or “us”) is a leading worldwide integrated information and technology-enabled healthcare service provider, dedicated to helping its clients improve their clinical, scientific and commercial results. formed through the merger (the “merger”) of quintiles transnational holdings inc. (“quintiles”) and ims health holdings, inc. (“ims health”) on october 3, 2016, quintilesims’s more than 50,000 employees conduct operations in over 100 countries. companies seeking to improve real-world patient outcomes through treatment innovations, care provision and access can utilize our broad range of healthcare information, technology and service solutions to drive new insights and approaches. our solutions span clinical to commercial, bringing our clients an opportunity to realize the full potential of innovations and advanced healthcare outcomes.
following the merger with ims health, we manage our business through three reportable segments, commercial solutions (substantially ims health’s legacy businesses plus quintiles’ legacy real-world late phase, payer/provider and advisory businesses), research & development solutions (substantially quintiles’ legacy product development segment) and integrated engagement services (substantially quintiles’ legacy integrated healthcare services segment). historical segment reporting has been revised to reflect these changes to the company’s segment structure.
for a description of our service offerings within our segments, refer to “business” within part i, item 1, of this annual report of form 10-k.
industry outlook for information about the industry outlook and markets that we operate in, refer to “our market outlook” within part i, item i of this annual report on form 10-k.
business combinations we have completed and will continue to consider strategic business combinations to enhance our capabilities and offerings in certain areas. in october 2016, we completed the merger with ims health to better serve our clients across their entire product lifecycle by (i) improving clinical trial design, recruitment, and execution; (ii) creating real-world information solutions based on the use of medicines by actual patients in normal situations; and (iii) increasing the efficiency of healthcare companies’ commercial organizations through enhanced analytics and outsourcing services. in july 2015, we combined our global clinical trials laboratory operations in our research & development solutions segment with the clinical trials laboratory operations of quest with the resulting combined business referred to as q2 solutions. we own 60% of q2 solutions and quest owns the remaining 40%.
these transactions were accounted for as business combinations and the acquired results of operations are included in our consolidated financial information since the acquisition date with a non-controlling interest for
53
the portion which we do not own. see note 15 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to these business combinations.
sources of revenue total revenues are comprised of revenues from the provision of our services and revenues from reimbursed expenses that are incurred while providing our services. we do not have any material product revenues. our segment revenues expressed as a percent of 2016 revenues (excluding reimbursed expense revenue) are as follows:
commercial solutions                      20.4   %
research &amp; development solutions      64.7   %
integrated engagement services            14.9   %
reimbursed expenses are comprised primarily of payments to physicians (investigators) who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors principally within our research & development solutions segment and travel expenses for our sales representatives within our integrated engagement services segment. reimbursed expenses may fluctuate from period-to-period due, in part, to where we are in the lifecycle of the many contracts that are in progress at a particular point in time. as reimbursed expenses are pass-through costs to our clients with little to no profit and we believe that the fluctuations from period-to-period are not meaningful to our underlying performance, we do not provide any analysis of the fluctuations in these items or their impact on our financial results. we have collection risk on contractually reimbursable expenses, and, from time to time, are unable to obtain reimbursement from the client for costs incurred. when such an expense is not reimbursed, it is classified as costs of revenue on the consolidated statements of income.
costs and expenses our costs and expenses are comprised primarily of our costs of revenue, reimbursed expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. costs of revenue include compensation and benefits for billable employees and personnel involved in production, data management and delivery, and the costs of acquiring and processing data for our information offerings; costs of staff directly involved with delivering technology-related services offerings and engagements, related accommodations and the costs of data purchased specifically for technology services engagements; and other expenses directly related to service contracts such as courier fees, laboratory supplies, professional services and travel expenses. as noted above, reimbursed expenses are comprised principally of payments to investigators who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors and sales representatives. selling, general and administrative expenses include costs related to sales, marketing, and administrative functions (including human resources, legal, finance and general management) for compensation and benefits, travel, professional services, training and expenses for information technology (“it”), facilities and depreciation and amortization.
foreign currency translation in 2016, approximately 36% of our revenues were denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because a large portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly affect our results of operations. the revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results. as a result, we believe that providing the
54
impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates on certain financial results can facilitate the analysis of period-to-period comparisons of business performance that excludes the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations. the constant currency information assumes the same foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect for the comparable prior-year period were used in translation of the current period results.
consolidated results of operations year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 and the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
summary results of operations the following tables present a summary of our results of operations:
year ended        change                                       year ended december 31,                                                   december 31,
2015                                                           2016
(in millions)                                                  currency            constant impact            currency revenues                                             $4,326               $(6       )            $1,044             $5,364
costs of revenue                                      2,705                   (35   )               566              3,236
selling, general and administrative expenses            815                   (19   )               215              1,011
depreciation and amortization                           128                    (3   )               164                289
restructuring costs                                      30               1                          40                 71
merger related costs                                      —                    (1   )                88                 87
impairment charges                                        2                     —                    26                 28
income from operations                                 $646               $51                      $(55   )           $642
year ended        change                                      year ended december 31,                                                  december 31,
2014                                                          2015
(in millions)                                                  currency              constant impact              currency revenues                                             $4,165               $(211       )            $372            $4,326
costs of revenue                                      2,664                    (196   )             237             2,705
selling, general and administrative expenses            781                     (37   )              71               815
depreciation and amortization                           121                      (4   )              11               128
restructuring costs                                       9                      (4   )              25                30
impairment charges                                        —                       —                   2                 2
income from operations                                 $590               $30                       $26              $646
55
consolidated results of operations for information regarding our results of operations for commercial solutions, research & development solutions and integrated engagement services, refer to “segment results of operations” later in this section.
revenues change year ended december 31,   2016 vs. 2015                        2015 vs. 2014
(dollars in millions)   2016                 2015                  2014                  $                   %                $                 %
revenues                       $5,364                $4,326                $4,165        $1,038              24.0      %      $161              3.9     %
2016 compared to 2015
in 2016, our revenues increased $1,038 million, or 24.0%, as compared to the same period in 2015. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $1,044 million, or 24.1%, and a negative impact of approximately $6 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency revenue growth was comprised of a $774 million increase in commercial solutions, which includes $806 million from the merger with ims health, partially offset by a decline in the legacy service offerings, a $336 million increase in research & development solutions, which includes the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, and a $66 million decrease in integrated engagement services. the revenue contributed by the merger in 2016 was negatively impacted by approximately $55 million as a result of adjusting the acquired ims health unearned income to fair value as required by purchase accounting.
2015 compared to 2014
in 2015, our revenues increased $161 million, or 3.9%, as compared to 2014. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $372 million, or 8.9%, and a negative impact of approximately $211 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency revenue growth was comprised of a $98 million increase in commercial solutions, which includes the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, a $239 million increase in research & development solutions, which includes the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, and a $35 million increase in integrated engagement services.
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)   2016                 2015                  2014
costs of revenue               $3,236                $2,705                $2,664
% of revenues                    60.3    %             62.5    %             64.0    %
2016 compared to 2015
when compared to 2015, costs of revenue in 2016 increased $531 million. this increase included a constant currency increase in expenses of approximately $566 million, or 20.9%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $35 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $406 million increase in commercial solutions, which includes $438 million from the merger with ims health, partially offset by a decline in the legacy service offerings, a $220 million increase in research & development solutions, which includes the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, and a $60 million decrease in integrated engagement services.
56
2015 compared to 2014
when compared to 2014, costs of revenue in 2015 increased $41 million. this increase included a constant currency increase in expenses of approximately $238 million, or 8.9%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $197 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $71 million increase in commercial solutions, which included the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, a $146 million increase in research & development solutions, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, and a $21 million increase in integrated engagement services.
the decrease in costs of revenue as a percent of revenues for 2015 was primarily as a result of an improvement in constant currency profit margin in the commercial solutions, research & development solutions and integrated engagement services segments (as more fully described in the segment discussion later in this section). for 2015, this constant currency profit margin expansion was partially offset by the effect from a higher proportion of consolidated revenues being contributed by our lower margin integrated engagement services segment when compared to 2014 as well as a negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations.
selling, general and administrative expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                          2016                 2015                2014
selling, general and administrative expenses          $1,011                $815                $781
% of revenues                                           18.8    %           18.8    %           18.8    %
2016 compared to 2015
the $196 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2016 included a constant currency increase of $215 million, or 26.4%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $19 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $151 million increase in commercial solutions, which includes $158 million from the merger with ims health, partially offset by a decline in the legacy service offerings, a $32 million increase in research & development solutions, which includes the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, a $3 million increase in integrated engagement services, and a $29 million increase in general corporate and unallocated expenses, which includes $37 million from the merger with ims health. the constant currency increase in general corporate and unallocated expenses in 2016 was primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense.
2015 compared to 2014
the $34 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2015 included a constant currency increase of $74 million, or 9.5%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $42 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $14 million increase in commercial solutions, which included the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, a $40 million increase in research & development solutions, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, a $4 million increase in integrated engagement services, and a $14 million increase in general corporate and unallocated expenses. the constant currency increase in general corporate and unallocated expenses in 2015 was primarily due to higher stock-based compensation expense and costs associated with the q2 solutions transaction.
57
depreciation and amortization year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)           2016               2015                2014
depreciation and amortization          $289                $128                $121
% of revenues                           5.4    %            3.0    %            2.9    %
2016 compared to 2015
the $161 million increase in depreciation and amortization in 2016 was primarily the result of the merger with ims health.
2015 compared to 2014
the $7 million increase in depreciation and amortization in 2015 included a constant currency increase of $11 million, or 9.0%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $4 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was primarily due to the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions.
restructuring costs year ended december 31,
(in millions)         2016               2015                2014
restructuring costs           $71                 $30                  $9
during 2016, we recognized $71 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, under our existing restructuring plans. the remaining actions under these plans are expected to occur throughout 2017, and are expected to consist of severance, facility closure and other exit-related costs.
during 2015, we recognized $30 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, associated with both the february 2015 restructuring plan and the q2 solutions restructuring plan.
during 2014, we recognized $9 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, which was primarily related to our 2014 restructuring plans.
merger related costs year ended december 31,
(in millions)          2016               2015                2014
merger related costs           $87             $—                  $—
during 2016 we recognized $87 million of merger related costs. merger related costs include the direct and incremental costs associated with the merger such as (i) investment banking, legal, accounting and consulting fees, (ii) incremental compensation costs triggered under change in control provisions in executive employment agreements, (iii) compensation and related costs of employees 100% dedicated to merger-related integration activities and (iv) severance and other termination costs associated with employees whose positions became redundant as a result of the merger.
58
impairment charges year ended december 31,
(in millions)        2016               2015                2014
impairment charges           $28                  $2             $—
during 2016, we recognized $28 million of impairment losses for other than temporary declines in fair value of goodwill ($23 million) and identifiable intangible assets ($5 million) in our encore reporting unit. see note 17 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to impairment charges. during the fourth quarter of 2015, we exited a training facility in japan, resulting in a $2 million impairment of the land and building.
interest income and interest expense year ended december 31,
(in millions)      2016               2015                2014
interest income        $(4       )         $(4       )         $(4       )
interest expense       $144                $101                $101
interest income included interest received primarily from bank balances and investments.
interest expense during 2016 was higher than 2015 due to an increase in the average debt outstanding, primarily as a result of the debt acquired from the merger.
interest expense during 2015 reflects the increase in the average debt outstanding, primarily as a result of the $275 million term loan that was issued under the receivables financing facility in december 2014 and our new senior secured credit agreement and senior notes, both of which are described in liquidity and capital resources. this increase was offset by a decrease in the average rate of interest incurred on our debt as compared to 2014.
loss on extinguishment of debt year ended december 31,
(in millions)                    2016               2015                2014
loss on extinguishment of debt           $31                  $8             $—
in the fourth quarter of 2016, we recognized a $31 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included an $8 million call premium, $9 million of unamortized debt issuance costs and $14 million of unamortized discount.
in may 2015, we recognized an $8 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included $1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, $1 million of unamortized discount and $6 million of related fees and expenses.
see “—liquidity and capital resources” for more information on these transactions.
59
other (income), expense net year ended december 31,
(in millions)                 2016                2015                2014
other (income), expense net       $         (8)             $2             $         (8)
other (income) expense, net for 2016 primarily consisted of a gain on the sale of a cost basis investment partially offset by foreign currency net losses.
other (income), expense net for 2015 primarily consisted of $6 million of expense related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to an acquisition, partially offset by $5 million of foreign currency net gains.
other (income), expense net for 2014 included income of approximately $9 million due to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration from an acquisition as well as a gain from the sale of marketable equity securities of approximately $5 million, partially offset by other expenses, primarily consisting of $5 million of foreign currency net losses.
income tax expense year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)       2016               2015                2014
income tax expense                 $345                $159                $149
effective income tax rate          72.0    %           29.5    %           29.7    %
the increase in the 2016 effective income tax rate was due to a change in our permanent reinvestment assertion on the majority of our cumulative foreign earnings. due to the merger, we reevaluated our indefinite reinvestment assertion based on the need for cash in the united states, including funding the repurchase program and potential acquisitions. accordingly, we changed our assertion with respect to $2,801 million of foreign earnings, including $1,865 million of ims health’s previously undistributed historical foreign earnings. we intend to use these acquired foreign earnings to fund cash needs in the united states. deferred income taxes of $625 million were recorded in 2016 related to non-indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings. of that amount, $373 million was recorded through purchase accounting related to ims health’s historical foreign earnings and the remainder of $252 million was recorded through deferred income tax expense.
the decrease in the 2015 effective income tax rate was due to an income tax benefit related to the reversal of uncertain tax positions for tax years whose statute of limitations expired in 2015 and also a change in the relative mix of the profitability between taxing jurisdictions. these benefits were partially offset by additional income tax expense related to an increase in the amount of current year earnings of our foreign subsidiaries not considered permanently reinvested.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                              2016                2015                2014
equity in (losses) earnings of unconsolidated affiliates       $         (4)             $8                  $5
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates primarily included (losses) earnings from our investment in novaquest pharma opportunities fund iii, l.p. (“fund iii”). the earnings from fund iii in 2014 were partially offset by losses and write-downs incurred on another equity method investment.
60
net (income) loss attributable to non-controlling interests year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                          2016                 2015                 2014
net income attributable to non-controlling interests       $         (15)        $         (1)        $—
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in 2016 and 2015 primarily included quest’s interest in q2 solutions.
segment results of operations revenues and profit by segment are as follows (dollars in millions):
segment revenues                                               segment profit                                 segment profit margin
2016                  2015                  2014                  2016                 2015                2014                2016              2015              2014
commercial solutions                            $1,096                  $323                  $230                 $236                 $19                  $4              21.5   %           5.9   %           1.7   %
research &amp; development solutions             3,472                 3,159                 3,050                  942                 824                 744              27.1   %          26.1   %          24.4   %
integrated engagement services                     796                   844                   885                   75                  78                  78               9.4   %           9.2   %           8.8   %
total                                            5,364                 4,326                 4,165                1,253                 921                 826              23.4   %          21.3   %          19.8   %
general corporate and unallocated                                                                                  (136   )            (115   )            (106   )
depreciation and amortization                                                                                      (289   )            (128   )            (121   )
restructuring costs                                                                                                 (71   )             (30   )              (9   )
merger related costs                                                                                                (87   )               —                   —
impairment charges                                                                                                  (28   )              (2   )               —
consolidated                                    $5,364                $4,326                $4,165                 $642                $646                $590
certain costs are not allocated to our segments and are reported as general corporate and unallocated expenses. these costs primarily consist of stock-based compensation, and expenses for corporate overhead functions such as senior leadership, finance, human resources, information technology, facilities and legal. we do not allocate depreciation and amortization, restructuring costs, merger related costs or impairment charges to our segments.
61
commercial solutions change
(dollars in millions)                          2016                2015              2014                                   2016 vs. 2015                    2015 vs. 2014
revenues                                              $1,096              $323              $230          $773                  239.3   %        $93              40.4   %
costs of revenue                                         644               239               174           405                  169.5             65              37.4
as a percentage of revenues                             58.8   %          74.0   %          75.7   %
selling, general and administrative expenses             216                65                52           151                  232.3             13              25.0
as a percentage of revenues                             19.7   %          20.1   %          22.6   %
segment profit                                          $236               $19                $4          $217                1,142.1   %        $15             375.0   %
as a percentage of revenues                             21.5   %           5.9   %           1.7   %
revenues
2016 compared to 2015
commercial solutions’ revenues were $1,096 million in 2016, an increase of $773 million over 2015, which includes the incremental impact from the merger of $806 million. the constant currency revenue increase was due to the incremental impact from the merger and from growth in real-world and late phase research services, partially offset by lower revenues from payer provider and advisory services. the revenue contributed by the merger in 2016 was negatively impacted by approximately $55 million as a result of adjusting the acquired ims health unearned income to fair value as required by purchase accounting.
2015 compared to 2014
commercial solutions’ revenues were $323 million in 2015, an increase of $93 million, or 40.4%, over 2014. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of $98 million, or 42.7%, including $44 million from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $5 million due to the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the increase in constant currency revenues was due to the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, as well as growth in real-world and late phase research services, partially offset by lower revenue from advisory services.
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
2016 compared to 2015
commercial solutions’ costs of revenue increased approximately $405 million in 2016. this increase was comprised of a $407 million constant currency increase, which includes $438 million from the merger, offset by lower costs in payer provider and advisory services due to lower revenue volumes, and $2 million due to the negative effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
2015 compared to 2014
commercial solutions’ costs of revenue increased approximately $65 million in 2015. this increase was comprised of a $71 million constant currency increase, or 41.1%, partially offset by a reduction of $6 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase for 2015 was due to the impact of the encore acquisition and costs to support the growth in real-world and late phase research services.
62
selling, general and administrative expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
2016 compared to 2015
commercial solutions’ selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $151 million in 2016 as compared to 2015. this increase was primarily due to $158 million from the merger, an increase in bad debt expense and cost reductions in various other areas.
2015 compared to 2014
commercial solutions’ selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $13 million, or 25.0%, in 2015 as compared to 2014. this increase was comprised of a $14 million constant currency increase, or 26.9%, partially offset by a reduction of $1 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase was primarily due to the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014.
research & development solutions change
(dollars in millions)                          2016                  2015                  2014                                  2016 vs. 2015                      2015 vs. 2014
revenues                                                $3,472                $3,159                $3,050          $313               9.9   %         $109               3.6   %
costs of revenue                                         1,953                 1,779                 1,764           174               9.8               15               0.9
as a percentage of revenues                               56.3   %              56.3   %              57.8   %
selling, general and administrative expenses               577                   556                   542            21               3.8               14               2.6
as a percentage of revenues                               16.6   %              17.6   %              17.8   %
segment profit                                            $942                  $824                  $744          $118              14.3   %          $80              10.8   %
as a percentage of revenues                               27.1   %              26.1   %              24.4   %
backlog and net new business beginning with the third quarter of 2016, we began reporting net new business and backlog on an as-contracted basis (signed binding commitments and signed contracts during the period). we only report backlog and net new business for the research & development solutions segment on a rolling basis for the last twelve months. previously, net new business included non-binding written awards, which was consistent with industry practice. we believe the as-contracted method is a more precise approach as it requires a higher threshold and less judgment for backlog inclusion. net new business totaled $4.3 billion for both the 12 months ended december 31, 2016 and 2015. ending backlog was $9.5 billion at december 31, 2016, and we expect $2.9 billion of this backlog to convert to revenue in the next 12 months.
net new business under sole provider arrangements is recorded over the life of the arrangement as projects are awarded. consistent with our methodology for calculating net new business during a particular period, backlog represents, at a particular point in time, future service revenues from work not yet completed or performed under signed contracts. once work begins on a project, service revenues are recognized over the duration of the project. net new business and backlog denominated in foreign currencies are valued each month using the actual average foreign exchange rates in effect during the month.
63
we believe that backlog and net new business may not be consistent indicators of future revenues because they have been and likely will be affected by a number of factors, including the variable size and duration of projects, many of which are performed over several years, cancellations, and changes to the scope of work during the course of projects. projects that have been delayed remain in backlog, but the timing of the revenue generated may differ from the timing originally expected. additionally, projects may be terminated or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities. in the event that a client cancels a contract, we typically would be entitled to receive payment for all services performed up to the cancellation date and subsequent client-authorized services related to terminating the canceled project. however, we typically do not have a contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in our backlog or net new business contracts in the event of cancellation. for more details regarding risks related to our backlog, see part i, item ia, “risk factors—the relationship of backlog to revenues varies over time.”
revenues
2016 compared to 2015
research & development solutions’ revenues were $3,472 million in 2016, an increase of $313 million, or 9.9%, over 2015. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of $335 million, or 10.6%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $22 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency revenue growth primarily included volume-related increases in our services and the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions.
the volume-related revenue growth was related to increases in revenue from both our clinical solutions and services and our clinical trial support services. this growth was due largely to execution on the higher backlog in place as we entered the year. the 2016 growth was negatively impacted by $17 million of non-recurring revenue recognized in the second quarter of 2015 related to the early close out of a client arrangement. the constant currency revenue growth in 2016 was negatively impacted by $27 million of foreign currency exchange rate adjustments associated with client contracts and losses on foreign exchange forward contracts.
2015 compared to 2014
research & development solutions’ revenues were $3,159 million in 2015, an increase of $109 million, or 3.6%, over 2014. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of $239 million, or 7.8%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $130 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency revenue growth included a volume-related increase in our services and the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions.
the volume-related revenue growth was related to an increase in revenue from both clinical solutions and services and clinical trial support services. this growth was due largely to execution on the higher backlog in place as we entered the year. in addition, we recognized $17 million of revenue in the second quarter of 2015 as a result of the release of deferred revenue upon the early close out of a client arrangement. the constant currency revenue growth in 2015 was negatively impacted by contract cancellations in 2014 as well as $28 million of foreign currency exchange rate adjustments associated with client contracts and losses on foreign exchange forward contracts costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
2016 compared to 2015
research & development solutions’ costs of revenue increased approximately $174 million in 2016 over 2015. this increase included constant currency growth of $219 million, or 12.3%, which includes the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, partially offset by $45 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
64
the constant currency costs of revenue growth was primarily due to the impact from the q2 solutions transaction and an increase in compensation and related expenses. the increase in compensation and related expenses resulted from (i) an increase in billable headcount resulting from the higher volume of constant currency revenue, (ii) our continued investment in our global delivery network (“gdn”) which is a coordinated global delivery model that enables us to provide standardized, centrally-managed services from seven hub locations across five countries, (iii) annual merit increases and (iv) an increase in competition for qualified personnel in certain markets. the constant currency growth for 2016 also included a $12 million reserve for certain potentially non-reimbursable expenses. these increases in cost were partially offset by $17 million of expense recognized in the second quarter of 2015 related to the early close out of a client arrangement that did not recur in 2016 and a $15 million increase in the benefit from research and development credits received in europe.
2015 compared to 2014
research & development solutions’ costs of revenue increased approximately $15 million in 2015 over 2014. this increase included a constant currency increase of $146 million, or 8.3%, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, partially offset by $131 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency costs of revenue growth was primarily due to the impact from the q2 solutions transaction and an increase in compensation and related expenses. the increase in compensation and related expenses resulted from an increase in billable headcount as a result of the ramp up of new projects as well as annual merit increases and an increase in competition for qualified personnel in certain markets. also contributing to the constant currency increase was $17 million of expense recognized in the second quarter of 2015 as a result of the release of deferred contract costs upon the early close out of a client arrangement. costs of revenue growth was partially offset by an $8 million increase in the benefit from research and development credits received in europe. as a percent of revenues, research & development solutions’ costs of revenue were 56.3% and 57.8% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in costs of revenue as a percentage of revenues reflected a favorable impact from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations and a closer alignment of resources with project requirements, including cost efficiencies gained from restructuring actions taken in prior years, which more than offset the impact of the constant currency costs of revenue growth noted above.
selling, general and administrative expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
2016 compared to 2015
research & development solutions’ selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $21 million, or 3.8%, in 2016 as compared to 2015. this increase was caused by constant currency growth of $32 million, partially offset by a reduction of $11 million from foreign currency fluctuations. as a percent of revenues, research & development solutions’ selling, general and administrative expenses were 16.6% and 17.6% in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the constant currency increase was primarily due to the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, higher compensation and related expenses due to annual merit increases and an increase in headcount and an increase in bad debt expense.
2015 compared to 2014
research & development solutions’ selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $14 million, or 2.6%, in 2015 as compared to 2014. this increase was primarily caused by a constant currency increase of $40 million, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, partially offset by a reduction of $26 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. as a percent of revenues, research & development solutions’ selling, general and administrative expenses were 17.6% and 17.8% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the constant currency increase was primarily due to the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, higher compensation and related expenses due to annual merit increases and an increase in headcount.
65
integrated engagement services change
(dollars in millions)                          2016              2015              2014              2016 vs. 2015                         2015 vs. 2014
revenues                                              $796              $844              $885       $(48       )           (5.7   )%      $(41       )           (4.6   )%
costs of revenue                                       639               687               726            (48   )           (7.0   )            (39   )           (5.4   )
as a percentage of revenues                           80.3   %          81.4   %          82.0   %
selling, general and administrative expenses            82                79                81       3                       3.8                (2    )           (2.5   )
as a percentage of revenues                           10.3   %           9.4   %           9.2   %
segment profit                                         $75               $78               $78       $(3        )           (3.8   )%      $—                      0.0   %
as a percentage of revenues                            9.4   %           9.2   %           8.8   %
revenues
2016 compared to 2015
integrated engagement services’ revenues were $796 million in 2016, a decrease of $48 million, or 5.7%, over 2015. this decrease was comprised of a constant currency revenue decrease of $67 million, or 7.9%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $19 million due to the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the decline in constant currency revenues for 2016 was due to a decrease in commercial services in north america (primarily as a result of cancellations that occurred in 2015 and earlier this year), japan and europe. the decline in europe was partially offset by a $10 million benefit from the acceleration of revenue due to a contract modification on a sales force arrangement that fixed a portion of the contract price that previously was not determinable until future sales-based royalties were known.
2015 compared to 2014
integrated engagement services’ revenues were $844 million in 2015, a decrease of $41 million, or 4.6%, over 2014. this decrease was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of $35 million, or 4.0%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $76 million due to the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the increase in constant currency revenues was due to an increase in commercial services in north america, partially offset by a decline in europe due to the loss of revenue from an agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy that ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
2016 compared to 2015
integrated engagement services’ costs of revenue decreased approximately $48 million in 2016. this decrease was comprised of a $60 million constant currency decrease, or 8.7%, partially offset by $11 million due to the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency decrease for 2016 was due to a decrease in compensation and related expenses resulting from a decrease in billable headcount.
2015 compared to 2014
integrated engagement services’ costs of revenue decreased approximately $39 million in 2015. this increase was comprised of a $21 million constant currency increase, or 2.9%, more than offset by a reduction of $60 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase for 2015 was due to an increase in compensation and related expenses resulting from an increase in billable headcount
66
needed to support the higher volume of constant currency revenue and annual merit increases. these increases in compensation and related expenses were partially offset by a decline in other expenses directly related to the agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy, which ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
selling, general and administrative expenses, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
2016 compared to 2015
integrated engagement services’ selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $3 million in 2016 as compared to 2015. this increase was due to a higher level of bad debt expense.
2015 compared to 2014
integrated engagement services’ selling, general and administrative expenses decreased approximately $2 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. this decrease was comprised of a $4 million constant currency increase, or 5.0%, partially offset by a reduction of $6 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation and related expenses.
liquidity and capital resources overview we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows. in addition to operating cash flows, other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include: capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service requirements, dividends, equity repurchases, adequacy of our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities and access to the capital markets.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which those funds can be accessed on a cost effective basis. the repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences; however, those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations. we have and expect to transfer cash from those subsidiaries to the united states and to other international subsidiaries when it is cost effective to do so. since the merger, through december 31, 2016, we have transferred $615 million from foreign subsidiaries to the united states.
due to the merger, we reevaluated our indefinite reinvestment assertion based on the need for cash in the united states, including funding the repurchase program and potential acquisitions. accordingly, we changed our assertion with respect to $2,801 million of foreign earnings, including $1,865 million of ims health’s previously undistributed historical foreign earnings. we intend to use these acquired foreign earnings to fund cash needs in the united states.
we had a cash balance of $1,198 million at december 31, 2016 ($237 million of which was in the united states), an increase from $977 million at december 31, 2015.
based on our current operating plan, we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, future cash flows from operations and our ability to access funds under our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities will enable us to fund our operating requirements and capital expenditures and meet debt obligations for at least the next 12 months. we regularly evaluate our debt arrangements, as well as market conditions, and from time to time we may explore opportunities to modify our existing debt arrangements or pursue additional financing arrangements that could result in the issuance of new debt securities by us or our affiliates. for example, in september 2016, ims health issued approximately $1,750 million in senior notes (as discussed below) and we used the proceeds to repay certain outstanding indebtedness, including our senior secured credit facilities, following the merger. we may use our existing cash, cash generated from operations or dispositions of assets or businesses and/or proceeds from any new financing arrangements or issuances of debt or equity
67
securities to repay or reduce some of our outstanding obligations, to repurchase shares from our stockholders or for other purposes. as part of our ongoing business strategy, we also continually evaluate new acquisition, expansion and investment possibilities or other strategic growth opportunities, as well as potential dispositions of assets or businesses, as appropriate, including dispositions that may cause us to recognize a loss on certain assets. should we elect to pursue any such transaction, we may seek to obtain debt or equity financing to facilitate those activities. our ability to enter into any such potential transactions and our use of cash or proceeds is limited to varying degrees by the terms and restrictions contained in our existing debt arrangements. we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to complete any such financing arrangements or other transactions on favorable terms or at all.
equity repurchases since 2013, we have repurchased approximately $2,093 million of our equity securities as discussed further below.
equity repurchase program on october 30, 2013, our board approved the repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $125 million of either our common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options, or a combination thereof. during 2015, our board increased the stock repurchase authorization under the repurchase program by $600 million, which increased the total amount that has been authorized under the repurchase program to $725 million. on november 1, 2016, our board increased the stock repurchase authorization under the repurchase program by $1.5 billion, which increased the total amount that has been authorized under the repurchase program to $2.225 billion. the repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any particular amount of common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options, and may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time. the repurchase program for common stock does not have an end date. in 2016, we repurchased 14.3 million shares of our common stock at an average market price per share of $76.57 for an aggregate purchase price of $1,098 million under the repurchase program. from inception through december 31, 2016, we have repurchased a total of $1,678 million of our securities under the repurchase program, consisting of $59 million of stock options and $1,619 million of common stock. as of december 31, 2016, we have remaining authorization to repurchase up to $547 million of our common stock under the repurchase program. on february 12, 2017, our board increased this authorization by $1.0 billion. additional information regarding the repurchase program is presented in part ii, item 5 “market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities” and notes 14 and 27 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition, from time to time, we have repurchased and may continue to repurchase common stock through private or other transactions outside of the repurchase program.
other equity repurchases on may 28, 2014, we completed the repurchase of 3.3 million shares of our common stock for $50.23 per share from tpg quintiles holdco, l.p., one of our existing stockholders, in a private transaction for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $165 million. the repurchase price per share of common stock was equal to 98% of the closing market price of our common stock on the nyse on may 27, 2014 (which was $51.26). the repurchase of shares from our existing stockholder was authorized in compliance with our related party transactions approval policy. we funded this private repurchase transaction with cash on hand. this private repurchase transaction was separate from and in addition to the repurchase program.
on november 10, 2014, we completed the repurchase of 4.3 million shares of our common stock for $58.09 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $250 million. we funded this repurchase transaction with a combination of cash on hand and a $150 million draw on our revolving credit facility which was subsequently repaid. this repurchase transaction was separate from and in addition to the repurchase program.
68
debt the following table presents a summary of debt refinancing activities just prior to and after the merger of quintiles and ims health on october 3, 2016:
(in millions)                                      legacy          legacy ims   refinancing                  quintilesims quintiles              health   proceeds
(repayments)
senior secured credit facilities:
term loans a and b due through 2022          $1,389                  $—         $(1,389        )                $—
term loans a due 2021                           —                 —                    1,350                 1,350
term loans b due 2021                           —                 2,516                    —                 2,516
term loans a due 2019                           —                   884                 (884   )                 —
4.875% senior notes due 2023                    800               —                        —                   800
5.0% senior notes due 2026                      —                 —                    1,050                 1,050
3.5% senior notes due 2024                      —                 —             698                            698
4.125% senior notes due 2023                    —                   307                    —                   307
6.0% senior notes due 2020                      —                   500                 (500   )                 —
receivables financing facility due 2018         275               —                        —                   275
revolving credit facility                       —                   298                 (298   )                 —
total debt refinancing activities            $2,464              $4,505         $27                         $6,996
as of december 31, 2016, we had $7.2 billion of total indebtedness, excluding $656 million of additional available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. the summary of debt refinancing activities presented in the above table do not reflect amounts drawn on our revolving credit facility unrelated to the merger during 2016. see note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in the annual report on form 10-k for additional details regarding our credit arrangements.
senior secured credit agreement and senior notes at december 31, 2016, our senior secured credit facility provides financing of up to approximately $4,772 million, which consisted of $4,147 million principal amount of debt outstanding (as disclosed in note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in the annual report on form 10-k) and $625 million of commitments that expire in 2021. the revolving credit facility is comprised of a $450 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars, a $400 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars, euros, swiss francs and other foreign currencies and a $150 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars and yen. the term a loans and revolving credit facility mature in october 2021, while the term b loans mature in march 2021. under certain circumstances, the maturity date of the term a loans and the senior secured revolving facility may be accelerated to 2020. we are required to make scheduled quarterly payments on the term a loans equal to 1.25% of the original principal amount, with the remaining balance paid at maturity. we are required to make scheduled quarterly payments on the term b loans equal to approximately 0.25% of the original principal amount, with the remaining balance paid at maturity. in addition, beginning with fiscal year ending december 31, 2017, we are required to apply 50% of excess cash flow (as defined in our senior secured credit facility), subject to a reduction to 25% or 0% depending upon our senior secured first lien net leverage ratio, for prepayment of the term loans, with any such prepayment to be applied toward principal payments due in subsequent quarters. we are also required to pay an annual commitment fee that ranges from 0.30% to 0.40% in respect of any unused commitments under the revolving credit facility. the senior secured credit facility is collateralized by substantially all of our assets and the assets of our material domestic subsidiaries including 100% of the equity interests of substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries and 66% of the equity interests of substantially all of our first-tier material foreign subsidiaries and their domestic subsidiaries.
69
on october 3, 2016, we refinanced the term a loans due 2019 (approximately $884 million) assumed in the merger with a term a loan facility due in 2021 for an aggregate principal amount of approximately $1,350 million comprised of both u.s. dollar denominated term a loans and euro denominated term a loans. additionally, the revolving credit facility was refinanced to an aggregate principal amount equal to $1,000 million. the additional proceeds were used, in part, to fund the redemption on november 1, 2016 of $500 million of 6% senior notes due 2020 assumed in the merger, at a redemption price equal to 101.5% of the aggregate outstanding principal amount plus accrued interest to the redemption date. we incurred a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $8 million related to the aggregate payments for make-whole premiums.
on september 28, 2016, ims health issued senior unsecured notes totaling principal amount of $1,750 million, which consisted of (i) $1,050 million of 5% senior notes due october 2026 (the “5% dollar notes”) and (ii) €625 million of 3.5% senior notes due october 2024 (the “3.5% euro notes” and, together with the 5% dollar notes, the “2016 notes”). the proceeds of the 2016 notes, which we assumed upon closing of the merger, were used on october 3, 2016 to repay in full ($1,389 million) the term loans outstanding under the quintiles transnational senior secured credit facilities. interest on the 2016 notes is payable semi-annually, beginning on april 15, 2017. the notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by our wholly-owned domestic restricted subsidiaries (excluding ims japan k.k.) and, subject to certain exceptions, each of our future domestic subsidiaries that guarantees our other indebtedness or indebtedness of any of the guarantors. the 5% dollar notes and the 3.5% euro notes may be redeemed, either together or separately, prior to their final stated maturity, subject to a customary make-whole premium, at any time prior to october 15, 2021 with respect to the 5% dollar notes and october 15, 2019 with respect to the 3.5% euro notes (in each case subject to a customary “equity claw” redemption right) and thereafter subject to annually declining redemption premiums at any time prior to october 15, 2024 with respect to the 5% dollar notes and october 15, 2021 with respect to the 3.5% euro notes.
we also assumed in the merger €275 million aggregate principal amount of its 4.125% senior notes due in april 2023 (the “4.125% senior notes”). interest on the 4.125% senior notes is payable semi-annually each year and commenced on october 1, 2015. the 4.125% senior notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by ims health’s wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that are guarantors under the senior secured credit facilities. we may redeem the 4.125% senior notes, in whole or in part, at any time prior to april 1, 2018 at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to the date of redemption, plus a “make-whole” premium. on or after april 1, 2018, we may redeem all or a portion of the 4.125% senior notes at predetermined redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 4.125% senior notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption.
2015 financing transactions on may 12, 2015, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, quintiles transnational, entered into new senior secured credit facilities, which consisted of a $500 million revolving credit facility and $1.45 billion of term loans. in addition, quintiles transnational issued $800 million of 4.875% senior secured notes due 2023 (the “4.875% senior notes”) in a private placement. the term loans, in the amount of $1,389 million, were repaid in full on october 3, 2016, as discussed above. interest on the 4.875% senior notes is paid semiannually on may 15 and november 15 of each year until maturity. the senior notes are unsecured senior obligations of quintilesims and are effectively subordinated in right of payment to all secured obligations of quintilesims, to the extent of the value of any collateral. also on may 12, 2015, an outstanding term loan was repaid with proceeds from the new credit facilities entered into that day and we recognized an $8 million loss on extinguishment of debt, which included $1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, $1 million of unamortized discount and $6 million of related fees and expenses.
receivables financing facility on december 5, 2014, we entered into a four-year arrangement to securitize certain of our accounts receivable. under the receivables financing facility, certain of our accounts receivable are sold on a non-recourse basis by certain of our consolidated subsidiaries to another of our consolidated subsidiaries, a bankruptcy-remote
70
special purpose entity (“spe”). the spe obtained a term loan and revolving loan commitment from a third party lender, secured by liens on the assets of the spe, to finance the purchase of the accounts receivable, which included a $275 million term loan and a $25 million revolving loan commitment. the revolving loan commitment may be increased by an additional $35 million as amounts are repaid under the term loan. quintilesims has guaranteed the performance of the obligations of existing and future subsidiaries that sell and service the accounts receivable under the receivables financing facility. the assets of the spe are not available to satisfy any of our obligations or any obligations of our subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2016, the full $25 million of revolving loan commitment was available under the receivables financing facility.
we used the proceeds from the term loan under the receivables financing facility to repay in full the amount outstanding on the then outstanding revolving credit facility under its then outstanding senior secured credit agreement ($150 million), to repay $25 million of the then outstanding term loan b-3, to pay related fees and expenses and the remainder was used for general working capital purposes.
restrictive covenants our debt agreements provide for certain covenants and events of default customary for similar instruments, including a covenant not to exceed a specified ratio of consolidated senior secured net indebtedness to consolidated ebitda, as defined in the senior secured credit facility and a covenant to maintain a specified minimum interest coverage ratio. if an event of default occurs under any of the company’s or the company’s subsidiaries’ financing arrangements, the creditors under such financing arrangements will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under such arrangements, and in the case of the lenders under the revolving credit facility and new term loans, other actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. our long-term debt arrangements contain usual and customary restrictive covenants that, among other things, place limitations on our ability to declare dividends. for additional information regarding these restrictive covenants, see part ii, item 5 “market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities—dividend policy” and note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. at december 31, 2016, the company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the company’s financing arrangements.
years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
cash flow from operating activities year ended december 31,
(in millions)                               2016               2015                2014
net cash provided by operating activities          $860                $476                $433
2016 compared to 2015
cash provided by operating activities increased $384 million in 2016 as compared to 2015. the increase in cash provided by operating activities reflects the increase in net income as adjusted for non-cash items necessary to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities. also contributing to the increase were lower payments for income taxes ($15 million), and lower cash used in days sales outstanding (“dso”) and accounts payable and accrued expenses. the lower cash used in dso reflects a two-day increase in dso in 2016 compared to a seven-day increase in dso in 2015. dso can shift significantly at each reporting period depending on the timing of cash receipts under contractual payment terms relative to the recognition of revenue over a project lifecycle.
71
2015 compared to 2014
cash provided by operating activities increased $43 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. the increase in cash provided by operating activities primarily reflects the increase in net income as adjusted for non-cash items necessary to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities. also contributing to the increase was an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses ($59 million) as well as lower payments for interest ($12 million) and income taxes ($18 million). these improvements in operating cash flow were partially offset by higher cash used in dso. the higher cash used in dso reflects a seven-day increase in dso in 2015 compared to a two-day increase in dso in 2014.
cash flow from investing activities year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                         2016                 2015                  2014
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities          $1,731             $         (67)        $         (173)
2016 compared to 2015
cash provided by investing activities increased $1,798 million in 2016 as compared 2015. this increase was primarily related to cash from the acquisition of businesses, including the merger with ims health ($1,887 million) partially offset by higher cash used for the acquisition of property, equipment and software ($86 million).
2015 compared to 2014
cash used in investing activities decreased $106 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. this decrease was primarily related to cash acquired in the q2 solutions transaction ($32 million) compared to cash used for the acquisition of businesses ($92 million) in 2014, partially offset by the termination of interest rate swaps in connection with the refinancing transaction in 2015 ($11 million) and higher cash used for investments.
cash flow from financing activities year ended december 31,
(in millions)                           2016                    2015                   2014
net cash used in financing activities       $         (2,284)        $         (249)        $         (130)
2016 compared to 2015
cash used in financing activities increased $2,035 million in 2016 as compared to 2015. the increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily related to lower net borrowing under our credit facilities ($1,488 million) and higher cash used to repurchase common stock ($582 million).
2015 compared to 2014
cash used in financing activities increased $119 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. the increase in cash used in financing activities in 2015 was primarily related to higher cash used to repurchase common stock ($100 million) and lower cash provided by debt issuances, net of repayments ($75 million), partially offset by higher cash from stock issued under employee stock purchase and option plans ($29 million), and an increase in the excess income tax benefits from stock-based award activities ($19 million).
72
contingencies we are exposed to certain known contingencies that are material to our investors. the facts and circumstances surrounding these contingencies and a discussion of their effect on us are in note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. these contingencies may have a material effect on our liquidity, capital resources or results of operations. in addition, even where our reserves are adequate, the incurrence of any of these liabilities may have a material effect on our liquidity and the amount of cash available to us for other purposes.
we believe that we have made appropriate arrangements in respect of the future effect on us of these known contingencies. we also believe that the amount of cash available to us from our operations, together with cash from financing, will be sufficient for us to pay any known contingencies as they become due without materially affecting our ability to conduct our operations and invest in the growth of our business.
contractual obligations and commitments below is a summary of our future payment commitments by year under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016 (in millions):
2017                  2018 - 2019       2020 - 2021        thereafter           total long-term debt, including                                $371            $991            $4,313            $3,070            $8,745
interest(1)
operating leases                                          171             217               131               159               678
data acquisition and telecommunication services           261             224               160                 7               652
purchase obligations(2)                                    28              20                 4                 —                52
commitments to unconsolidated                               —               —                 —                 —                 —
affiliates(3)
benefit obligations(4)                                     33              42                47               141               263
uncertain income tax positions(5)                           2               —                 —                 —                 2
total                                                    $866          $1,494            $4,655            $3,377           $10,392
(1)   interest payments on our debt are based on the interest rates in effect on december 31, 2016.

(2)   purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions.

(3)   we are currently committed to invest $70 million in private equity funds. as of december 31, 2016, we have funded approximately $51 million of these commitments and we have approximately $19 million remaining to be funded.

(4)                   amounts represent expected future benefit payments for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as expected contributions for 2016 for our funded pension benefit plans. we made cash contributions totaling approximately $10 million to our defined benefit plans in 2016, and we estimate that we will make contributions totaling approximately $23 million in 2017. due to the potential impact of future plan investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in other economic and demographic assumptions and changes in legislation in foreign jurisdictions, we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing and amount of contributions that may be required to fund our defined benefit plans for periods beyond 2017.

(5)   as of december 31, 2016, our liability related to uncertain income tax positions was approximately $75 million, $73 million of which has not been included in the above table as we are unable to predict when these liabilities will be paid due to the uncertainties in the timing of the settlement of the income tax positions.

application of critical accounting policies note 1 to the audited consolidated financial statements provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and
73
liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from those estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when all of the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (2) the service offering has been delivered to the client, (3) the collection of fees is probable and (4) the arrangement consideration is fixed or determinable. we do not recognize revenue with respect to start-up activities including contract and scope negotiation, feasibility analysis and conflict of interest review associated with contracts. the costs for these activities are expensed as incurred. for contracts in which portions of revenue are contingent upon the occurrence of uncertain future events we recognize the revenue only after it has been earned and the contingency has been resolved.
for arrangements that include multiple elements, arrangement consideration is allocated to units of accounting based on the relative selling price. the best evidence of selling price of a unit of accounting is vendor-specific objective evidence (“vsoe”) which is the price we charge when the deliverable is sold separately. when vsoe is not available to determine selling price, we use relevant third-party evidence (“tpe”) of selling price, if available. when neither vsoe nor tpe of selling price exists, we use our best estimate of selling price considering all relevant information that is available without undue cost and effort.
we derive the majority of our revenues in the commercial solutions segment from various information and technology service offerings. our revenue arrangements may include multiple elements. a typical information offerings arrangement (primarily under fixed-price contracts) may include an ongoing subscription-based deliverable for which revenue is recognized ratably as earned over the contract period and/or a one-time delivery of data offerings for which revenue is recognized upon delivery, assuming all other criteria are met. our subscription arrangements typically have terms ranging from one to three years and are generally non-cancelable and do not contain refund-type provisions. we also offer technology services offerings that enable our clients to make informed business decisions. technology services offerings consist of a mix of small and large-scale services and consulting projects, multi-year outsourcing contracts and saas licenses. these arrangements typically have terms ranging from several weeks to three years, with a majority having terms of one year or less. revenues for services engagements where deliverables occur ratably over time are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the arrangement. revenues from time and material contracts are recognized as the services are provided. revenues from fixed price ad hoc services and consulting contracts are recognized either over the contract term based on the ratio of the number of hours incurred for services provided during the period compared to the total estimated hours to be incurred over the entire arrangement (efforts based), or upon delivery (completed contract).
the majority of revenue in our research & development solutions segment and integrated engagement services segment is recognized based on objective contractual criteria and does not require significant estimates or judgments. however, at any point in time we are working on thousands of active client projects, which are governed by individual contracts. most projects are customized based on the needs of the client, the type of services being provided, therapeutic indication of the drug, geographic locations and other variables. project specific terms related to pricing, billing terms and the scope and type of services to be provided are generally negotiated and contracted on a project-by-project basis. changes in the scope of work are common, especially under long-term contracts, and generally result in a change in contract value. in such situations, we enter into
74
negotiations for a contract amendment to reflect the change in scope and the related price. depending on the complexity of the amendment, the negotiation process can take from a few weeks for a simple adjustment to several months for a complex amendment. management may authorize the project team to commence work on activities outside the contract scope while we negotiate and finalize the contract amendment. in these limited cases, if we are not able to obtain a contract amendment from the client, our profit margin on the arrangement may be impacted. this result occurs because our costs of delivery are expensed as they are incurred, while revenue is not recognized unless the client has agreed to the changes in scope and renegotiated pricing terms, the contract value is amended and all other revenue recognition criteria are met. most contracts are terminable upon 30 to 90 days notice by the client. our risk of material loss in these situations is mitigated as these contracts generally require payment to us for expenses to wind down the clinical trial or project, fees earned to date and, in some cases, a termination fee or a payment of some portion of the fees or profits that could have been earned under the contract if it had not been terminated early. in addition, our contract terms provide for payment terms that generally correspond with performance of the services. termination fees are included in revenues when realization is assured.
accounts receivable and unbilled services accounts receivable represents amounts billed to clients. revenues recognized in excess of billings are classified as unbilled services. the realization of these amounts is based on the client’s willingness and ability to pay us. we have an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management’s estimate of probable losses we expect to incur resulting from a client failing to pay us. our allowance for doubtful accounts, and losses from clients failing to pay us, have not been material to our results of operations. if any of these estimates change or actual results differs from expected results, then an adjustment is recorded in the period in which the amounts become reasonably estimable. these adjustments could have a material effect on our results of operations.
investments in unconsolidated affiliates—equity method investments we have investments in unconsolidated affiliates that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. periodically, we review our investments for a decline in value which we believe may be other than temporary. should we identify such a decline, we will record a loss through earnings to establish a new cost basis for the investment. these losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
income taxes certain items of income and expense are not recognized on our income tax returns and financial statements in the same year, which creates timing differences. the income tax effect of these timing differences results in (1) deferred income tax assets that create a reduction in future income taxes and (2) deferred income tax liabilities that create an increase in future income taxes. recognition of deferred income tax assets is based on management’s belief that it is more likely than not that the income tax benefit associated with certain temporary differences, income tax operating loss and capital loss carryforwards and income tax credits, would be realized. we recorded a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred income tax assets for those deferred income tax items for which it was more likely than not that realization would not occur. we determined the amount of the valuation allowance based, in part, on our assessment of future taxable income and in light of our ongoing income tax strategies. if our estimate of future taxable income or tax strategies changes at any time in the future, we would record an adjustment to our valuation allowance. recording such an adjustment could have a material effect on our financial position.
income tax expense is based on the distribution of profit before income tax among the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate, adjusted as required by the income tax laws of each taxing jurisdiction. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate. we do not consider the undistributed earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries to be
75
indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. accordingly, we have provided a deferred income tax liability related to those undistributed earnings. the associated foreign income taxes on our foreign earnings could be available as a credit in the united states on our income taxes. we recognize foreign tax credits to the extent that the recognition is supported by projected foreign source income.
business combinations we use the acquisition method to account for business combinations, and accordingly, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. we use significant judgments, estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and non-controlling interest including expected future cash flows; discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows; and estimated useful lives.
when a business combination involves contingent consideration, we recognize a liability equal to the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the date of the acquisition. the estimate of fair value of a contingent consideration liability requires subjective assumptions to be made regarding future business results including revenues and net new business, discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows and probabilities assigned to various potential business result scenarios. we reassess the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration each financial reporting period over the term of the arrangement. any resulting changes are recognized in earnings and could have a material effect on our results of operations.
goodwill, tangible and identifiable intangible assets we have recorded and allocated to our reporting units the excess of the cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired, known as goodwill. the recoverability of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated annually for impairment, or if and when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. we review the carrying values of other identifiable intangible assets if the facts and circumstances indicate a possible impairment. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, and other identifiable intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. we believe that the risk of an impairment to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is currently very low.
for goodwill, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its book value. this includes a qualitative analysis of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, internal cost factors, financial performance, fair value history and other company specific events. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that estimated fair value is less than the book value for the respective reporting unit, we apply a two-step impairment test in which we determine whether the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is in excess of its carrying value. if the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, we perform the second step of the impairment test to determine the implied estimated fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill. we determine the implied estimated fair value of goodwill by determining the present value of the estimated future cash flows for each reporting unit and comparing the reporting unit’s risk profile and growth prospects to selected, reasonably similar publicly traded companies. the inherent subjectivity of applying a discounted cash flow and market comparables approach to valuing our assets and liabilities could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we determine the estimated fair value of the indefinite-
76
lived intangible asset (trade name) by determining the present value of the estimated royalty payments on an after-tax basis that it would be required to pay the owner for the right to use such trade name. if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we review the carrying values of property and equipment if the facts and circumstances suggest that a potential impairment may have occurred. if this review indicates that carrying values will not be recoverable, as determined based on undiscounted cash flows over the remaining depreciation or amortization period, we will reduce carrying values to estimated fair value. the inherent subjectivity of our estimates of future cash flows could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future write-offs of long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
stock-based compensation we measure compensation cost for most stock-based payment awards (stock options and stock appreciation rights) granted to employees and non-employee directors at fair value using the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model. stock-based compensation expense includes stock-based awards granted to employees and non-employee directors and has been reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income based upon the classification of the individuals who were granted stock-based awards.
the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including share price volatility, the expected life of the award, risk-free interest rate and the fair value of the underlying common shares on the date of grant. in developing our assumptions, we take into account the following:
•   we calculate expected volatility based on reported data for selected reasonably similar publicly traded companies for which the historical information is available. we plan to continue to use the guideline peer group volatility information until the historical volatility of our common shares is relevant to measure expected volatility for future award grants;

•   we determine the risk-free interest rate by reference to implied yields available from united states treasury securities with a remaining term equal to the expected life assumed at the date of grant;

•   we estimate the dividend yield to be zero as we do not currently anticipate paying any future dividends;

•   we estimate the average expected life of the award based on our historical experience; and

•   we estimate forfeitures based on our historical analysis of actual forfeitures.

pensions and other postretirement benefits we provide retirement benefits to certain employees, including defined benefit pension plans and postretirement medical plans. the determination of benefit obligations and expense is based on actuarial models. in order to measure benefit costs and obligations using these models, critical assumptions are made with regard to the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, cash balance crediting rate, lump sum conversion rate and the assumed rate of compensation increases. in addition, retiree medical care cost trend rates are a key assumption used exclusively in determining costs for our postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans. management reviews these critical assumptions at least annually. other assumptions involve demographic factors such as the turnover, retirement and mortality rates. management reviews these assumptions periodically and updates them when its experience deems it appropriate to do so.
the discount rate is the rate at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled and is determined annually by management. for united states plans, the discount rate is based on results of a modeling process in
77
which the plans’ expected cash flow (determined on a projected benefit obligation basis) is matched with spot rates developed from a yield curve comprised of high-grade (moody’s aa and above, or standard and poor’s aa and above) non-callable corporate bonds to develop the present value of the expected cash flow, and then determining the single rate (discount rate) which when applied to the expected cash flow derives that same present value. in the united kingdom specifically, the discount rate is set based on the yields on a universe of high quality non-callable corporate bonds denominated in the british pound, appropriate to the duration of plan liabilities. for the other non-united states plans, the discount rate is based on the current yield of an index of high quality corporate bonds. as a sensitivity measure, a 25 basis point increase in the discount rate for either our united states plan or our united kingdom plans, absent any offsetting changes in other assumptions, would result in less than $1 million increase in pension expense within the consolidated statements of income.
under the united states qualified retirement plan, participants have a notional retirement account that increases with pay and investment credits. the rate used to determine the investment credit (cash balance crediting rate) varies monthly. at retirement, the account is converted to a monthly retirement benefit.
in selecting an expected return on plan asset assumption, we consider the returns being earned by each plan investment category in the fund, the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment and long-term economic forecasts for the type of investments held by the plan. the actual return on plan assets will vary from year to year versus this assumption. we believe it is appropriate to use long-term expected forecasts in selecting the expected return on plan assets. as such, there can be no assurance that our actual return on plan assets will approximate the long-term expected forecasts. as a sensitivity measure, a 25 basis point change in the expected return on assets (“eroa”) assumption for our united states plan, absent any offsetting changes in other assumptions, would result in a less than $1 million increase or decrease in pension expense. for our united kingdom plans, a 25 basis point change in the eroa assumption, absent any offsetting changes in other assumptions, would result in a less than $1 million increase or decrease in pension expense. while we believe that the assumptions used are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may materially affect our pension and postretirement obligations and future expense.
we utilize a corridor approach to amortizing unrecognized gains and losses in the pension and postretirement plans. amortization occurs when the accumulated unrecognized net gain or loss balance exceeds the criterion of 10% of the larger of the beginning balances of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of the plan assets. the excess unrecognized gain or loss balance is then amortized using the straight-line method over the average remaining service-life of active employees expected to receive benefits. at december 31, 2016, the weighted-average remaining service-life of active employees was approximately 13 years.
foreign currency we have significant investments in non-united states countries. therefore, changes in the value of foreign currencies affect our consolidated financial statements when translated into united states dollars. for all operations outside the united states where we have designated the local currency as the functional currency, assets and liabilities are translated using end-of-period exchange rates; revenues, expenses and cash flows are translated using average rates of exchange prevailing during the period the transactions occurred. translation gains and losses are included as an adjustment to the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of stockholders’ deficit. in addition, gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, such as those resulting from the settlement and revaluation of third-party and intercompany foreign receivables and payables, are included in the determination of net income (loss).
for operations in countries that are considered to be highly inflationary or where the united states dollar is designated as the functional currency, monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured using end-of-period exchange rates, whereas non-monetary accounts are remeasured using historical exchange rates, and all remeasurement and transaction adjustments are recognized in other expense (income), net.
78
recently issued accounting standards information relating to recently issued accounting standards is included in note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
