item 1a. risk factors factors that may affect future results investments in our securities involve significant risks. even small changes in investor expectations for our future growth and earnings, whether as a result of actual or rumored financial or operating results, changes in the mix of the products and services sold, acquisitions, industry changes, or other factors, could trigger, and have triggered in the past, significant fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. investors in our securities should carefully consider all of the relevant factors disclosed by us, including, but not limited to, the following factors, that could affect our business, operating results and stock price.
our quarterly results are unpredictable and subject to substantial fluctuations; as a result, we may fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock.
our revenues and operating results may vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter due to a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control and any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate.
the factors that may cause our quarterly results to vary quarter by quarter and be unpredictable include, but are not limited to: limited visibility into customer spending plans, changes in customer mix, changes in the mix of products and services sold, changes in the mix of geographies in which our products and services are sold, changing market and economic conditions, current and potential customer, partner and supplier consolidation and concentration, competition, long sales and implementation cycles, unpredictable ordering patterns, changes in the amount and frequency of share repurchases or dividends, regional economic and political conditions, and seasonality. for example, we, and many companies in our industry, experience adverse seasonal fluctuations in customer spending, particularly in the first quarter. furthermore, market trends, competitive pressures, commoditization of products, seasonal rebates, increased component or shipping costs, issues with product quality, regulatory impacts and other factors may result in reductions in revenue or pressure on gross margins in a given period, which may necessitate adjustments to our operations. such adjustments may be difficult or impossible to execute in the short or medium term.
as a result of these factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating results, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of operating results are not necessarily a good indication of what our future performance will be. it is likely that in some quarters, our operating results will be below our guidance, our long-term financial model or the expectations of securities analysts or investors, in which case the price of our common stock may decline and has declined in the past. such a decline could also occur, and has occurred in the past, even when we have met our publicly stated revenues and/or earnings guidance.
fluctuating economic conditions make it difficult to predict revenues and gross margin for a particular period and a shortfall in revenues or increase in costs of production may harm our operating results.
our revenues and gross margin depend significantly on general economic conditions and the demand for products in the markets in which we compete. economic weakness or uncertainty, customer financial difficulties, and constrained spending on network expansion and enterprise infrastructure have in the past resulted in, and may in the future result in, decreased revenues and earnings. such factors could make it difficult to accurately forecast sales and operating results and could negatively affect our ability to provide accurate forecasts to our contract manufacturers and manage our contract manufacturer relationships and other expenses. in addition, economic instability or uncertainty, as well as continued turmoil in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world, have, and may continue to, put pressure on economic conditions, which has led and could lead, to reduced demand for our products, to delays or reductions in network expansions or infrastructure projects, and/or higher costs of production. more generally-speaking, economic weakness may also lead to longer collection cycles for payments due from our customers, an increase in customer bad debt, restructuring initiatives and associated expenses, and impairment of investments. furthermore, instability in the global markets may adversely impact the ability of our customers to adequately fund their expected capital expenditures, which could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services. our operating expenses are largely based on anticipated revenue trends and a high percentage of our expenses is, and will continue to be, fixed in the short and medium term. therefore, fluctuations in revenue could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margins from quarter to quarter. uncertainty about future economic conditions also makes it difficult to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. future or continued economic weakness, failure of our customers and markets to recover from such weakness, customer financial difficulties, increases in costs of production, and reductions in spending on network maintenance and expansion could result in price concessions in certain markets or have a material adverse effect on demand for our products and consequently on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
17
our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business through rapidly fluctuating economic and market conditions, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results.
our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions.
from time to time, we have increased investment in our business by, for example, increasing headcount, acquiring companies, and increasing our investment in r&d, sales and marketing, and other parts of our business. conversely, in 2014, to refocus the company's strategy, optimize its structure and improve operational efficiencies, we implemented a new strategic focus, realigned our organization into a one-juniper structure, reduced our workforce, consolidated and closed facilities, made changes to enhance efficiency, improved cost management measures and instituted a new capital allocation plan. in connection with our cost management measures, we implemented a substantial cost reduction plan accomplished through various restructuring activities across research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative. we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $850.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 due to the underperformance of our security reporting unit and product rationalizations. further strategy-related pivots could lead to delays in achieving revenue and profit forecasts and result in additional impairment. some of our expenses are fixed costs that cannot be rapidly or easily adjusted in response to fluctuations in our business or numbers of employees. rapid changes in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, including sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop and deliver products and services as planned or impair our ability to realize our current or future business and financial objectives. our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from our restructuring initiatives within the expected time frame is subject to many estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. if these estimates and assumptions are incorrect, if we are unsuccessful at implementing changes, or if other unforeseen events occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we expect our gross margins and operating margins to vary over time, and the level of gross margins achieved by us in recent years may not be sustainable.
we expect our product and service gross margins to vary, both in the near-term and in the long-term, and the gross margins we have achieved in recent years may not be sustainable and may be adversely affected in the future by numerous factors, some of which have occurred and may occur in the future, including customer, product and geographic mix shifts, an increase or decrease in our software sales or services we provide, increased price competition in one or more of the markets in which we compete, changes in the actions of our competitors or their pricing strategies, which may be difficult to predict and respond to, currency fluctuations that impact our costs or the cost of our products and services to our customers, increases in material, labor, or inventory carrying costs, excess product component or obsolescence charges from our contract manufacturers, issues with manufacturing or component quality or efficiencies, increased costs due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to component holding periods if we do not accurately forecast product demand, warranty related issues, or our introduction of new products and enhancements or entry into new markets with different pricing and cost structures. for example, in fiscal year 2016, our margins decreased compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to elevated pricing pressure and product mix. in fiscal year 2015, our margins increased compared to fiscal year 2014, as a result of higher restructuring and other charges recorded in 2014 but not in 2015, in connection with the restructuring plan we initiated in the first quarter of 2014. in fiscal year 2014, our margins declined compared to fiscal year 2013, as a result of higher inventory charges resulting from product rationalizations in connection with our 2014 restructuring plan and an industry-wide memory product quality defect for a component from a third party. we determine our operating expenses largely on the basis of anticipated revenues and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the short and medium term. as a result, a failure or delay in generating or recognizing revenue could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin from quarter-to-quarter. failure to sustain or improve our gross margins reduces our profitability and may have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
further, we will continue to remain diligent in our long-term financial objective to increase revenue and operating margins and manage our operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. we expect that our margins will vary with our ability to achieve these goals. we can provide no assurance that we will be able to achieve all or any of the goals of these plans or meet our announced expectations, in whole or in part, or that our plans will have the intended effect of improving our margins on the expected timeline, or at all.
18
a limited number of our customers comprise a material portion of our revenues and any changes in the way they purchase products and services from us could affect our business. in addition, there is an ongoing trend toward consolidation in the industry in which our customers and partners operate. any decrease in revenues from our customers or partners could have an adverse effect on our net revenues and operating results.
a material portion of our net revenues depend on sales to a limited number of customers and distribution partners, particularly in our service provider market. changes in the business requirements or focus, vendor selection, project prioritization, financial prospects, capital resources, and expenditures, or purchasing behavior (including product mix purchased) of our key customers could significantly decrease our sales to such customers or could lead to delays or cancellations of planned purchases of our products or services, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and operating results. any of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, in recent years, there has been movement towards consolidation in the telecommunications industry (for example, altice's purchase of cablevision and portugal telecom, liberty global's acquisition of cable & wireless communications, charter communications, inc.'s acquisition of time warner cable, inc., and centurylink's proposed acquisition of level 3 communications) and that consolidation trend has continued. certain telecommunications companies have also announced their intent towards vertical consolidation through acquisitions of media and content companies, such as verizon's proposed acquisition of yahoo and at&t's proposed acquisition of time warner. if our customers or partners are parties to consolidation transactions they may delay, suspend or indefinitely reduce or cancel their purchases of our products or other direct or indirect unforeseen consequences could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we face intense competition that could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business and financial results.
competition is intense in the markets that we serve. the network equipment market has historically been dominated by cisco, with competition coming from other companies such as nokia corporation (following its acquisition of alcatel-lucent), arista, brocade, hpe, and huawei. in the security market, we face intense competition from cisco and palo alto networks, as well as companies such as check point, f5 networks, fortinet, and hpe. further, a number of other small public and private companies have products or have announced plans for new products to address the same challenges and markets that our products address.
in addition, actual or speculated consolidation among competitors, or the acquisition by, or of, our partners and/or resellers by competitors can increase the competitive pressures faced by us as customers may delay spending decisions or not purchase our products at all. for example, in recent years, nokia corporation merged with alcatel-lucent, hpe acquired aruba networks, cisco acquired opendns, symantec corporation acquired blue coat systems, and dell acquired emc, which further consolidated our market. a number of our competitors have substantially greater resources and can offer a wider range of products and services for the overall network equipment market than we do. in addition, some of our competitors have become more integrated, including through consolidation, and offer a broader range of products and services, which could make their solutions more attractive to our customers. many of our competitors sell networking products as bundled solutions with other it products, such as computer and storage systems. if we are unable to compete successfully against existing and future competitors on the basis of product offerings or price, we could experience a loss in market share and revenues and/or be required to reduce prices, which could reduce our gross margins, and which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. our partners and resellers generally sell or resell competing products on a non-exclusive basis and consolidation could delay spending or require us to increase discounts to compete, which could also adversely affect our business.
the long sales and implementation cycles for our products, as well as our expectation that some customers will sporadically place large orders with short lead times, may cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly from quarter-to-quarter.
a customer's decision to purchase certain of our products, particularly new products, involves a significant commitment of its resources and a lengthy evaluation and product qualification process. as a result, the sales cycle may be lengthy. in particular, customers making critical decisions regarding the design and implementation of large network deployments may engage in very lengthy procurement processes that may delay or impact expected future orders. throughout the sales cycle, we may spend considerable time educating and providing information to prospective customers regarding the use and benefits of our products. even after making the decision to purchase, customers may deploy our products slowly and deliberately. timing of deployment can vary widely and depends on the skill set of the customer, the size of the network deployment, the complexity of the customer's network environment, and the degree of hardware and operating system configuration necessary to deploy the products. customers with large networks usually expand their networks in large increments on a periodic basis. accordingly, we may receive purchase orders for significant dollar amounts on an irregular basis. these long cycles, as well as our expectation that customers will tend to sporadically place large orders with short lead times, both of which may be exacerbated by the impact of continued global economic weakness, may cause revenues and operating results to vary significantly and unexpectedly from quarter-to-quarter.
19
the timing of product orders and/or our reliance on revenue from sales of software or subscription and professional, support and maintenance services may cause us to recognize revenue in a different period than the one in which a transaction takes place. this may make it difficult for investors to observe quarterly trends and may cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin on a quarterly basis.
generally, our network equipment products are stocked only in limited quantities by our distributors and resellers due to the cost, complexity and custom nature of configurations required by our customers; we generally build such products as orders are received. the volume of orders received late in any given fiscal quarter remains unpredictable. if orders for certain products are received late in any quarter, we may not be able to recognize revenue for these orders in the same period, which could adversely affect our ability to meet our expected revenues for such quarter.
in addition, services revenue accounts for a significant portion of our revenue, comprising 29%, 27%, and 26% of total revenue in fiscal year 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. sales of new or renewal professional services, support and maintenance contracts may decline and/or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including end-customers' level of satisfaction with our products and services, the prices of our products and services, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors, and reductions in our end-customers' spending levels. we recognize professional services, support and maintenance revenue periodically over the term of the relevant service period.
the introduction of new software products is part of our intended strategy to expand our software business, and software revenues may be recognized periodically over the term of the relevant use period or subscription period. as a result, much of the software, subscription and support and maintenance revenue we report each fiscal quarter is the recognition of deferred revenue from software, subscription and support and maintenance contracts entered into during previous fiscal quarters. consequently, a decline in new or renewed contracts in any one fiscal quarter will not be fully or immediately reflected in revenue in that fiscal quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future fiscal quarters. accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in new or renewed sales of our software, subscriptions or support and maintenance is not reflected in full in our operating results until future periods. also, it is difficult for us to rapidly increase our software or services revenue through additional software or services sales in any period, as revenue from new and renewal software, subscription and support and maintenance contracts must be recognized over the applicable service period.
additionally, we determine our operating expenses largely on the basis of anticipated revenues and a high percentage of our expenses are fixed in the short and medium term. as a result, a failure or delay in generating or recognizing revenue could cause significant variations in our operating results and operating margin from quarter-to-quarter.
if we do not successfully anticipate technological shifts, market needs and opportunities, and develop products, product enhancements and business strategies that meet those technological shifts, needs and opportunities, or if those products are not made available or strategies are not executed in a timely manner or do not gain market acceptance, we may not be able to compete effectively and our ability to generate revenues will suffer.
the markets for our products are characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions, changes in customer requirements, continued price pressures and a constantly evolving industry. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to anticipate future technological shifts, market needs and opportunities or be able to develop new products, product enhancements or business strategies to meet such technological shifts, needs or opportunities in a timely manner or at all. for example, the move from traditional network infrastructures towards software-defined networking, or sdn, has been receiving considerable attention. in our view, it will take several years to see the full impact of sdn, and we believe the successful products and solutions in this market will combine hardware and software elements. if we fail to anticipate market requirements or opportunities or fail to develop and introduce new products, product enhancements or business strategies to meet those requirements or opportunities in a timely manner, it could cause us to lose customers, and such failure could substantially decrease or delay market acceptance and sales of our present and future products and services, which would significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, if we invest time, energy and resources in developing products for a market that doesn't develop, it could likewise significantly harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. even if we are able to anticipate, develop, and commercially introduce new products, enhancements or business strategies, there can be no assurance that new products, enhancements or business strategies will achieve widespread market acceptance.
in the past two years, we have announced a number of new products and enhancements to our hardware and software products across routing, switching and security, including acx5000 and acx500 routers, qfx10000 line of spine switches, qfx5100, qfx5200, qfx5100-aa, qfx-pfa, srx300, srx1500, srx5000 with express path and srx5800 series services gateways, ex9200, ex4600, ex2300 and ex3400 ethernet switches, new mx series line-cards and routers (including the vmx 3d universal edge router), new ptx series line cards (powered by our expressplus custom silicon), junos fusion provider edge, junos fusion data center, junos fusion enterprise, a disaggregated version of junos software, ptx1000, vsrx virtual firewall, sky advanced
20
threat prevention (atp), junos space security director, junos space virtual director, juniper networks contrail networking, contrail service orchestration, the nfx250 network services platform, csrx compact and containerized firewall, enhancements to junos space security director and sky atp, srx4100 and srx4200 firewalls, and junos space security director policy enforcer . the success of our new products depends on several factors, including, but not limited to, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, prompt resolution of any defects or bugs in these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors and market acceptance of these products.
the introduction of new software products is part of our intended strategy to expand our software business. we have also begun to disaggregate certain software from certain hardware products, such that customers would be able to purchase or license our hardware and software products independently, which we expect could in time enable our hardware to be deployed with third party networking applications and services and our software to be used with third party hardware. for example, we have developed a disaggregated version of our junos software and introduced our qfx5200 series of switches, which runs our disaggregated junos software. the success of our strategy to expand our software business, including our strategy to disaggregate software from certain hardware products, is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including:
•   the additional development efforts and costs required to create new software products and/or to make our disaggregated products compatible with multiple technologies;
•   the possibility that our new software products or disaggregated products may not achieve widespread customer adoption;
•   the potential that our strategy could erode our revenue and gross margins;
•   the impact on our financial results of longer periods of revenue recognition and changes in tax treatment associated with software sales;
•   the additional costs associated with regulatory compliance and changes we need to make to our distribution chain in connection with increased software sales;
•   the ability of our disaggregated hardware and software products to operate independently and/or to integrate with current and future third party products; and
•   the risk that issues with third party technologies used with our disaggregated products will be attributed to us.
if any of our new products or business strategies do not gain market acceptance or meet our expectations for growth, our ability to meet future financial targets may be adversely affected and our competitive position and our business and financial results could be harmed.
we are dependent on contract manufacturers with whom we do not have long-term supply contracts, and changes to or disruptions in those relationships or manufacturing processes, expected or unexpected, may result in delays that could cause us to lose revenues and damage our customer relationships.
we depend on independent contract manufacturers (each of which is a third-party manufacturer for numerous companies) to manufacture our products. although we have contracts with our contract manufacturers, these contracts do not require them to manufacture our products on a long-term basis in any specific quantity or at any specific price. in addition, it is time-consuming and costly to qualify and implement additional contract manufacturer relationships. therefore, if we fail to effectively manage our contract manufacturer relationships, which includes failing to provide accurate forecasts of our requirements, or if one or more of them experiences delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in our manufacturing operations, or if we had to change or add additional contract manufacturers or contract manufacturing sites, our ability to ship products to our customers could be delayed. we have experienced in the past and may experience in the future an increase in the expected time required to manufacture our products or ship products. such delays could result in supply shortfalls that damage our ability to meet customer demand for those products and could cause our customers to purchase alternative products from our competitors. also, the addition of manufacturing locations or contract manufacturers or the introduction of new products by us would increase the complexity of our supply chain management. moreover, an increasing portion of our manufacturing is performed in china and other foreign countries and is therefore subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the united states, including the possibility of import tariffs imposed by the new administration. each of these factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
21
if we fail to accurately predict our manufacturing requirements, we could incur additional costs or experience manufacturing delays, which would harm our business.
we provide demand forecasts for our products to our contract manufacturers and original design manufacturers, who order components and plan capacity based on these forecasts. if we overestimate our requirements, our original design or contract manufacturers may assess charges, or we may have liabilities for excess inventory, each of which could negatively affect our gross margins. for example, in certain prior quarters, our gross margins were reduced as a result of an inventory charge resulting from inventory we held in excess of forecasted demand. conversely, because lead times for required materials and components vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms, and the demand for each component at a given time, and because our contract manufacturers are third-party manufacturers for numerous other companies, if we underestimate our requirements, as we have in certain prior quarters with respect to certain products, our contract manufacturers may have inadequate time, materials, and/or components required to produce our products, which could increase costs or delay or interrupt manufacturing of our products resulting in delays in shipments and deferral or loss of revenues and negatively impacting customer satisfaction.
system security risks, data protection breaches, and cyber-attacks could compromise our proprietary information, disrupt our internal operations and harm public perception of our products, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer and adversely affect our stock price.
in the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal data, our proprietary business information and proprietary business information of our customers, suppliers and business partners on our networks. in addition, we store sensitive data through cloud-based services that may be hosted by third parties and in data center infrastructure maintained by third parties. the secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. the growing cyber risk environment means that individuals, companies, and organizations of all sizes, including juniper, are increasingly subject to the threat of intrusions on their networks and systems by a wide range of actors on an ongoing and regular basis. despite our security measures, and those of our third-party vendors, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to penetration or attacks by computer programmers, hackers or sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. if any breach compromises our networks, creates system disruptions or slowdowns or exploits security vulnerabilities of our products, the information stored on our networks could be accessed and modified, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, and we may be subject to liability to our customers, suppliers, business partners and others, and suffer reputational and financial harm. in addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of our networks. this can be true even for "legacy" products that have been determined to have reached an end of life engineering status but will continue to operate for a limited amount of time.
for example, in december 2015, we disclosed that we identified unauthorized code in our screenos security system that could allow a knowledgeable attacker to gain administrative access to netscreen devices and to decrypt vpn connections. following the identification of the screenos vulnerabilities, we launched an investigation into the matter, developed patched releases for the latest versions of screenos and notified customers, all of which required significant time and attention from management and our employees. in addition, in april 2016, we made additional changes to screenos in response to our additional analysis as a part of an update of screenos. at this time, we do not have an estimate of third party costs related to the screenos matter that could result from any third party claims brought against us, including, for example, indemnification for damages our customers may incur or actions instituted by governmental or regulatory entities that could result in fines or other penalties. costs related to the screenos matter, including the costs to resolve third party claims, may be material.
as a result of the screenos matter, or any other actual or perceived breach of network security that occurs in our network or in the network of a customer of our products, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market perception of the effectiveness of our products and our overall reputation could be harmed. because the techniques used by attackers, many of whom are highly sophisticated and well-funded, to access or sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until after they are used, we may be unable to anticipate or immediately detect these techniques or the vulnerabilities they have caused. this could impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions, which could have an adverse impact on our financial results. the economic costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software systems and security vulnerabilities, including the screenos matter, could be significant and may be difficult to anticipate or measure, because the damage may differ based on the identity and motive of the attacker, which are often difficult to pinpoint. additionally, we could be subject to regulatory investigations, potential fines and litigation in connection with a security breach or related issue and be liable to third parties for these types of breaches.
22
we are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for several key components, which makes us susceptible to shortages, quality issues or price fluctuations in our supply chain, and we may face increased challenges in supply chain management in the future.
we rely on single or limited sources of certain of our components. during periods of high demand for electronic products, component shortages are possible, and the predictability of the availability of such components may be limited. for example, some optical transceivers and memory components used in our networking solutions might experience extended lead times, given the demand in the market. any future spike in growth in our business, or more likely in it spending and the economy in general is likely to create greater short-term pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately forecast overall component demand and to establish optimal component inventories. if shortages or delays persist, the price of these components may increase, or the components may not be available at all. we may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner, and our revenues and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. for example, from time to time, we have experienced component shortages or quality issues that resulted in delays of product shipments and/or warranty claims. we currently purchase numerous key components, including asics and other semiconductor chips, from single or limited sources and many of our component suppliers are concentrated in china. in addition, there has been consolidation among certain suppliers of our components. for example, globalfoundries recently acquired ibm's semiconductor manufacturing business, avago technologies limited recently acquired broadcom corporation and intel corporation recently acquired altera corporation. consolidation among suppliers can result in the reduction of the number of independent suppliers of components available to us, which could negatively impact our ability to access certain component parts or the prices we have to pay for such parts. in addition, our suppliers may determine not to continue a business relationship with us for other reasons that may be beyond our control. any disruptions to our supply chain could decrease our sales, earnings and liquidity or otherwise adversely affect our business and result in increased costs. such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events, including, but not limited to, increases in wages that drive up prices, the imposition of regulations, quotas or embargoes on key components, labor stoppages, transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods, the unavailability of raw materials, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, civil unrest, geopolitical developments, war or terrorism and disruptions in utility and other services.
the development of alternate sources for key components is time-consuming, difficult, and costly. in addition, the lead times associated with certain components are lengthy and preclude rapid changes in quantities and delivery schedules. also, long-term supply and maintenance obligations to customers increase the duration for which specific components are required, which may further increase the risk of component shortages or the cost of carrying inventory. in the event of a component shortage or supply interruption from these suppliers, we may not be able to develop alternate or second sources in a timely manner. if we are unable to buy these components in quantities sufficient to meet our requirements on a timely basis, we will not be able to deliver products and services to our customers, which would seriously affect present and future sales, which would, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, the development, licensing, or acquisition of new products in the future may increase the complexity of supply chain management. failure to effectively manage the supply of key components and products would adversely affect our business.
we rely on value-added and other resellers, as well as distribution partners, to sell our products, and disruptions to, or our failure to effectively develop and manage, our distribution channel and the processes and procedures that support it could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products.
our future success is highly dependent upon establishing and maintaining successful relationships with a variety of value-added and other reseller and distribution partners, including our worldwide strategic partners such as ericsson, ibm, dimension data and nec corporation. the majority of our revenues are derived through value-added resellers and distributors, most of which also sell our competitors' products, and some of which sell their own competing products. our revenues depend in part on the performance of these partners. the loss of or reduction in sales to our resellers or distributors could materially reduce our revenues. for example, in 2011 and 2012, one of our oem partners, dell, acquired force10 and sonicwall, both competitors of ours. as a result, dell became increasingly competitive in certain areas, their resale of our products declined, and we ultimately terminated our oem relationship with dell. in addition, in 2016, nokia corporation merged with alcatel-lucent, a competitor of ours, and in 2015 cisco recently announced a partnership with ericsson, which is one of our existing partners. our competitors may in some cases be effective in leveraging their market share positions or in providing incentives to current or potential resellers and distributors to favor their products or to prevent or reduce sales of our products. if we fail to develop and maintain relationships with our partners, fail to develop new relationships with value-added resellers and distributors in new markets, fail to expand the number of distributors and resellers in existing markets, fail to manage, train or motivate existing value-added resellers and distributors effectively, determine that we cannot continue to do business with these partners for any reason or if these partners are not successful in their sales efforts, sales of our products may decrease, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations would suffer.
23
in addition, we recognize a portion of our revenues based on a sell-through model using information provided by our distributors. if those distributors provide us with inaccurate or untimely information, the amount or timing of our revenues could be adversely impacted.
further, in order to develop and expand our distribution channel, we must continue to offer attractive channel programs to potential partners and scale and improve our processes and procedures that support the channel. as a result, our programs, processes and procedures may become increasingly complex and inherently difficult to manage. we have previously entered into oem agreements with partners pursuant to which they rebrand and resell our products as part of their product portfolios. these types of relationships are complex and require additional processes and procedures that may be challenging and costly to implement, maintain and manage. our failure to successfully manage and develop our distribution channel and the programs, processes and procedures that support it could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues from the sale of our products. we also depend on our global channel partners to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. to the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
our ability to process orders and ship products in a timely manner is dependent in part on our business systems and performance of the systems and processes of third parties such as our contract manufacturers, suppliers, data center providers or other partners, as well as the interfaces between our systems and the systems of such third parties. if our systems, the systems and processes of those third parties, or the interfaces between them experience delays or fail, our business processes and our ability to build and ship products could be impacted, and our financial results could be harmed.
some of our business processes depend upon our information technology, or it, systems, the systems and processes of third parties, and the interfaces of our systems with the systems of third parties. for example, our order entry system feeds information into the systems of our contract manufacturers, which enables them to build and ship our products. if those systems fail or are interrupted, our processes may function at a diminished level or not at all. this could negatively impact our ability to ship products or otherwise operate our business, and our financial results could be harmed. for example, although it did not adversely affect our shipments, an earthquake in late december of 2006 disrupted our communications with china, where a significant part of our manufacturing occurs.
we are also in the process of further consolidating our on-site data centers to the cloud and to off-site facilities that are hosted and controlled by third-parties. these cloud providers and off-site facilities are vulnerable to damage, interruption or performance problems from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, equipment failure, adverse events caused by operator error and similar events. in addition, because we lease our cloud storage space and off-site data center facilities, we cannot be assured that we will be able to expand our data center infrastructure to meet user demand in a timely manner, or on favorable economic terms. if we have issues receiving and processing data, this may delay our ability to provide products and services to our customers and damage our business. we also rely upon the performance of the systems and processes of our contract manufacturers to build and ship our products. if those systems and processes experience interruption or delay, our ability to build and ship our products in a timely manner may be harmed. for example, we have experienced instances where our contract manufacturers were not able to ship products in the time periods expected by us, which prevented us from meeting our commitments to our customers. if we are not able to ship our products or if product shipments are delayed, our ability to recognize revenue in a timely manner for those products would be affected and our financial results could be harmed.
integration of acquisitions could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and stock price and may dilute the ownership of our stockholders.
we have made, and may continue to make, acquisitions in order to enhance our business. for example, in december 2016, we acquired appformix inc.; in august 2016, we acquired aurrion, inc.; and in april 2016, we acquired bti systems inc.; in 2014, we acquired wandl, inc.; and in 2012, we acquired contrail systems inc. and mykonos software, inc. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including, but not limited to, problems combining the purchased operations, technologies or products, unanticipated costs and liabilities, diversion of management's attention from our core businesses, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience, and potential loss of key employees. there can be no assurance that we will be able to integrate successfully any businesses, products, technologies, or personnel that we might acquire. the integration of businesses that we may acquire is likely to be a complex, time-consuming, and expensive process and we may not realize the anticipated revenues or other benefits associated with our acquisitions if we fail to successfully manage and operate the acquired business. if we fail in any acquisition integration efforts and are unable to efficiently operate as a combined organization utilizing common information and communication systems, operating procedures, financial controls, and human resources practices, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
24
in connection with certain acquisitions, we may agree to issue common stock or assume equity awards that dilute the ownership of our current stockholders, use a substantial portion of our cash resources, assume liabilities, record goodwill and amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, and incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses, all of which could harm our financial condition and results of operations.
telecommunications, cable and cloud service provider companies and our other large customers generally require onerous terms and conditions in our contracts with them. as we seek to sell more products to such customers, we may be required to agree to terms and conditions that could have an adverse effect on our business or ability to recognize revenues.
telecommunications, cable and cloud service provider companies, which comprise a significant portion of our customer base, and other large companies, generally have greater purchasing power than smaller entities and, accordingly, often request and receive more favorable terms from suppliers. for example, our customers france telecom-orange and deutsche telekom ag have formed a company for the purpose of purchasing products from, and negotiating more favorable contractual terms with, suppliers. as we seek to sell more products to this class of customer, we may be required to agree to such terms and conditions, which may include terms that affect the timing of our ability to recognize revenue, increase our costs and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. consolidation among such large customers can further increase their buying power and ability to require onerous terms.
in addition, service providers have purchased products from other vendors who promised but failed to deliver certain functionality and/or had products that caused problems or outages in the networks of these customers. as a result, these customers may request additional features from us and require substantial penalties for failure to deliver such features or may require substantial penalties for any network outages that may be caused by our products. these additional requests and penalties, if we are required to agree to them, may require us to defer revenue recognition from such sales, which may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, increased patent litigation brought against customers by non-practicing entities in recent years, may result, and in some cases has resulted, in customers requesting or requiring vendors to absorb a portion of the costs of such litigation or providing broader indemnification for litigation, each of which could increase our expenses and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are a party to lawsuits, investigations, proceedings, and other disputes, which are costly to defend and, if determined adversely to us, could require us to pay fines or damages, undertake remedial measures or prevent us from taking certain actions, any or all of which could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we, and certain of our current and former officers and current and former members of our board of directors, have been or are subject to various lawsuits. we have been served with lawsuits related to employment matters, commercial transactions and patent infringement, as well as securities laws. as noted in note 16, commitments and contingencies, in notes to consolidated financial statements of this report, under the heading of "legal proceedings", the u.s. securities and exchange commission, or the sec, and the u.s. department of justice, or the doj, are conducting investigations into possible violations by the company of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, or the fcpa, in a number of countries. the investigations relate to whether the company or any third party on behalf of the company gave money or anything else of value to any government official in violation of the fcpa. the company's audit committee, with the assistance of independent advisors, has been investigating and conducting a thorough review of possible violations of the fcpa, and has made recommendations for remedial measures, including employee disciplinary actions in foreign jurisdictions, which the company has implemented and continues to implement. litigation and investigations are inherently uncertain. we therefore cannot predict the duration, scope, outcome or consequences of litigation and government investigations. in connection with any government investigations, including those in which we are currently involved as described above, if the government takes action against us or we agree to settle the matter, we may be required to pay substantial fines and incur other sanctions, which may be material, and suffer reputational harm. the lawsuits and investigations are expensive and time-consuming to defend, settle, and/or resolve, and may require us to implement certain remedial measures that could prove costly or disruptive to our business and operations. the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
we are a party to litigation and claims regarding intellectual property rights, resolution of which may be time-consuming and expensive, as well as require a significant amount of resources to prosecute, defend, or make our products non-infringing.
our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. we expect that infringement claims may increase as the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur. third parties have asserted and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to our products. the asserted claims and/or initiated litigation may include claims against us or our manufacturers,
25
suppliers, partners, or customers, alleging that our products or services infringe proprietary rights. in addition, increased patent litigation brought by non-practicing entities in recent years may result, and in some cases has resulted, in our customers requesting or requiring us to absorb a portion of the costs of such litigation or providing broader indemnification for litigation, each of which could increase our expenses and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. regardless of the merit of these claims, they have been and can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, and may require us to develop non-infringing technologies, enter into license agreements, or cease engaging in certain activities or offering certain products or services. furthermore, because of the potential for high awards of damages or injunctive relief that are not necessarily predictable, even arguably unmeritorious claims may be settled for significant amounts of money. if any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us or anyone we are required to indemnify by any third-party is successful, if we are required to settle litigation for significant amounts of money, if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or if we license required proprietary rights, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
regulation of our industry in general and the telecommunications industry in particular could harm our operating results and future prospects.
we are subject to laws and regulations affecting the sale of our products in a number of areas. for example, some governments have regulations prohibiting government entities from purchasing security products that do not meet specified indigenous certification criteria, even though those criteria may be in conflict with accepted international standards. other regulations that may negatively impact our business include country of origin regulations. these types of regulations are in effect or under consideration in several jurisdictions where we do business.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act includes disclosure requirements applicable to public companies regarding the use of "conflict minerals" mined from the democratic republic of congo and adjoining countries, which we refer to collectively as the drc, and procedures regarding a manufacturer's efforts to prevent the sourcing of such "conflict minerals." these minerals are present in our products. sec rules implementing these requirements may have the effect of reducing the pool of suppliers who can supply drc "conflict free" components and parts, and we may not be able to obtain drc conflict free products or supplies in sufficient quantities for our operations. since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational challenges with our customers, stockholders and other stakeholders if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for the "conflict minerals" used in our products. in addition, the european union reached agreement in late 2016 on a eu-wide conflict minerals rule under which most eu importers of tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold and their ores will have to conduct due diligence to ensure the minerals do not originate from conflict zones and do not fund armed conflicts. large manufacturers also will have to disclose how they plan to monitor their sources to comply with the rules. the regulation is expected to be adopted in 2017 with compliance required by 2021.
in addition, environmental laws and regulations relevant to electronic equipment manufacturing or operations, including laws and regulations governing the hazardous material content of our products and laws relating to the collection of and recycling of electrical and electronic equipment, may adversely impact our business and financial condition. these laws and regulations include, among others, the european union, or eu, restriction on the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment directive, or rohs. the eu rohs and the similar laws of other jurisdictions limit the content of certain hazardous materials, such as lead, mercury, and cadmium, in the manufacture of electrical equipment, including our products. currently, our products comply with the eu rohs requirements. however, certain exemptions are scheduled to lapse, or have lapsed, including an exemption for lead in network infrastructure equipment upon which we and our competitors had relied, which expired in july 2016. the lapse of this exemption, further changes to this or other laws, or passage of similar laws in the eu or other jurisdictions, would require us to cease selling non-compliant products in the eu and to reengineer our products to use components compatible with these regulations. this reengineering and component substitution could result in additional costs to us, disrupt our operations or logistics, and result in an adverse impact on our operating results. in addition, in validating the compliance of our products with applicable hazardous materials restrictions, we rely substantially on affirmations by our component suppliers as to the compliance of their products with respect to those same restrictions. failure by our component suppliers to furnish accurate and timely information could subject us to penalties or liability for violation of such hazardous materials restrictions, interrupt our supply of products to the eu, and result in our customers refusing or being unable to purchase our products. additionally, the eu and a number of other countries have adopted regulations requiring producers of electrical and electronic equipment to assume certain responsibilities for collecting, treating, recycling and disposing of products when they have reached the end of their useful life. finally, the eu reach regulations regulate the handling of certain chemical substances that may be used in our products.
the traditional telecommunications industry is highly regulated, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected by changes in regulations relating to the internet telecommunications industry. currently, there are few laws or regulations that apply directly to access to or commerce on ip networks, but future regulations could include sales taxes on products sold via the internet and internet service provider access charges. we could be adversely affected by regulation of ip networks and commerce in any country where we market equipment and services to service providers or cloud provider companies. regulations governing
26
the range of services and business models that can be offered by service providers or cloud provider companies could adversely affect those customers' needs for products. for instance, the u.s. federal communications commission has issued regulations governing aspects of fixed broadband networks and wireless networks. these regulations, which were challenged in court, and which the new federal communications commission leadership is considering removing or modifying, might impact service provider and cloud provider business models and, as such, providers' needs for internet telecommunications equipment and services. also, many jurisdictions are evaluating or implementing regulations relating to cyber security, supply chain integrity, privacy and data protection, any of which can affect the market and requirements for networking and security equipment.
the adoption and implementation of additional regulations could reduce demand for our products, increase the cost of building and selling our products, result in product inventory write-offs, impact our ability to ship products into affected areas and recognize revenue in a timely manner, require us to spend significant time and expense to comply, and subject us to fines and civil or criminal sanctions or claims if we were to violate or become liable under such regulations. any of these impacts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
governmental regulations and economic sanctions affecting the import or export of products generally or affecting products containing encryption capabilities could negatively affect our revenues and operating results.
the united states and various foreign governments have imposed controls and restrictions on the import or export of, among other things, our products that contain or use encryption technology. most of our products contain or use encryption technology and, consequently, are subject to such controls, requirements and restrictions. in addition, from time to time, governmental agencies have proposed additional regulation of encryption technology, such as requiring certification, notifications, review of source code, limiting the encryption features or the escrow and governmental recovery of private encryption keys. for example, china has proposed new conditions on eligibility of encryption products for purchase by government and certain non-government organizations. india recently proposed and then withdrew regulations imposing serious conditions on the use of encryption in telecommunications products. we sell our products to both commercial customers and, directly and indirectly, to governments around the world. our ability to sell into substantial government markets (whether or not the products we sell include encryption) is vulnerable to changes in government procurement regulations, any associated local content requirements and changes in the government's interpretation of such regulations. in addition, the u.s. government has broader sanctions and embargoes that generally forbid supply of most items to or involving certain countries, territories, governments, legal entities and individuals, including recent restrictions imposed by the u.s. and eu on exports to russia and ukraine. we have implemented systems to detect and prevent sales into these countries or to prohibited entities or individuals, but there can be no assurance that they will always be effective.
governmental regulation of encryption or ip networking technology and regulation of imports or exports, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products, or related economic sanctions could harm our international and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenues and operating results. in addition, failure to comply with such regulations could result in harm to our reputation and ability to compete in international markets, penalties, costs, seizure of assets (including source code) and restrictions on import or export privileges or adversely affect sales to government agencies or government-funded projects.
our actual or perceived failure to adequately protect personal data could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a variety of state, national, foreign, and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of personal data. these privacy- and data protection-related laws and regulations are evolving, with new or modified laws and regulations proposed and implemented frequently and existing laws and regulations subject to new or different interpretations. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can delay or impede the development and offering of new products and services.
for example, we previously relied upon adherence to the u.s. department of commerce's safe harbor privacy principles and compliance with the u.s.-eu safe harbor framework, which we refer to as the safe harbor, agreed to by the u.s. department of commerce and the eu. the safe harbor, which established means for legitimizing the transfer of personal data by u.s. companies from the european economic area, or eea, to the u.s., was invalidated in 2015 by a decision of the european court of justice, or the ecj. now that the eu and u.s. have implemented a successor privacy framework called the privacy shield, we are reviewing and documenting our practices required to obtain certification under the privacy shield, in addition to entering into eu model contracts with our vendors where appropriate and feasible in anticipation of the possibility that the privacy shield may be legally challenged or voided like safe harbor in an uncertain political environment. in addition, the june 2016 approval by voters in the united kingdom, or u.k., of a referendum to leave the eu could require us to make additional changes to the way we conduct our business and transmit data between the u.k. and the eu.
27
our actual or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or to protect personal data, could result in enforcement actions, significant penalties or other legal action against us or our customers or suppliers, which could result in negative publicity, increase our operating costs, subject us to claims or other remedies and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our ability to develop, market, and sell products could be harmed if we are unable to retain or hire key personnel.
our future success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain the services of executive, engineering, sales and marketing, and support personnel. the supply of highly qualified individuals, in particular engineers in very specialized technical areas, or sales people specializing in the service provider and enterprise markets, is limited and competition for such individuals is intense. none of our officers or key employees is bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. the loss of the services of any of our key employees, the inability to attract or retain personnel in the future or delays in hiring required personnel, engineers and sales people, and the complexity and time involved in replacing or training new employees, could delay the development and introduction of new products, and negatively impact our ability to market, sell, or support our products.
a number of our team members are foreign nationals who rely on visas and entry permits in order to legally work in the united states and other countries.  in recent years, the united states has increased the level of scrutiny in granting h-1(b), l-1 and other business visas.  in addition, the current u.s. administration has indicated that immigration reform is a priority. compliance with united states immigration and labor laws could require us to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain skilled professionals.  any of these restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial conditions.
our financial condition and results of operations could suffer if there is an additional impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives.
we are required to test intangible assets with indefinite lives, including goodwill, annually or more frequently if certain circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit and intangible assets below their carrying values. as of december 31, 2016, our goodwill was $3,081.7 million and intangible assets with indefinite lives was $49.0 million. when the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value of goodwill, or if the carrying amount of an intangible asset with an indefinite life exceeds its fair value, a charge to operations is recorded. either event would result in incremental expenses for that quarter, which would reduce any earnings or increase any loss for the period in which the impairment was determined to have occurred.
in the past, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $850.0 million due to the underperformance of our security reporting unit and product rationalizations.
in recent years, economic weakness has contributed to extreme price and volume fluctuations in global stock markets that have reduced the market price of many technology company stocks, including ours. declines in our level of revenues due to restructuring or cost reductions or declines in our operating margins, or sustained declines in our stock price, increase the risk that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives may become impaired in future periods.
our goodwill impairment analysis is sensitive to changes in key assumptions used in our analysis, such as expected future cash flows, the degree of volatility in equity and debt markets, and our stock price. if the assumptions used in our analysis are not realized, it is possible that an impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future. we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. however, any such impairment would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our results.
our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by the following: earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory rates; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; expiration of, or lapses in, the r&d tax credit laws applicable to us; transfer pricing adjustments related to certain acquisitions, including the license of acquired intangibles under our intercompany r&d cost sharing arrangement; costs related to intercompany restructuring; tax effects of share-based compensation; challenges to our methodologies for valuing developed technology or intercompany arrangements; or changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof. on october 5, 2015, the organisation for economic co-operation and development, or oecd, an international association of 35 countries including the u.s., published final proposals under its base erosion and profit shifting, or beps, action plan. the beps action plan includes fifteen actions to address beps
28
in a comprehensive manner and represents a significant change to the international corporate tax landscape. these proposals, as adopted by countries, may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect our provision for income taxes. furthermore, the current u.s. administration and key members of congress have made public statements indicating that tax reform is a priority. certain changes to u.s. tax laws, including limitations on the ability to defer u.s. taxation on earnings outside of the united states until those earnings are repatriated to the united states, could affect the tax treatment of our foreign earnings. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service, or irs, and other tax authorities. it is possible that tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our financial position and operating results. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, but the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there are transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. although we believe that our estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our financial results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may face difficulties enforcing our proprietary rights, which could adversely affect our ability to compete.
we generally rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure of confidential and proprietary information, to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance that any of our patent applications will result in issued patents or that any of our patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide competitive advantages to us or protect our technology, any of which could result in costly product redesign efforts, discontinuance of certain product offerings and other competitive harm.
in addition, despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. we generally enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants, vendors, and customers, and generally limit access to and distribution of our proprietary information. however, we cannot assure you that we have entered into such agreements with all parties who may have or have had access to our confidential information or that the agreements we have entered into will not be breached. we cannot guarantee that any of the measures we have taken will prevent misappropriation of our technology.
furthermore, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the united states. the outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if such actions were determined under the laws of the united states. although we are not dependent on any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights in a market, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time, and effort required to create innovative products that have enabled our success.
we are subject to risks arising from our international operations, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from our international operations, and we plan to continue expanding our business in international markets. we conduct significant sales and customer support operations directly and indirectly through our distributors and vars in countries throughout the world and depend on the operations of our contract manufacturers and suppliers that are located outside of the united states. in addition, a portion of our r&d and our general and administrative operations are conducted outside the united states. in some countries, we may experience reduced intellectual property protection.
as a result of our international operations, we are affected by economic, business regulatory, social, and political conditions in foreign countries, including the following:
•   changes in general it spending,
•   the imposition of government controls, inclusive of critical infrastructure protection;
•   changes or limitations in trade protection laws or other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import or export our products from various countries;
•   varying and potentially conflicting laws and regulations;
29
•   fluctuations in local economies;
•   wage inflation or a tightening of the labor market;
•   tax policies that could have a business impact;
•   potential import tariffs imposed by the united states;
•   data privacy rules and other regulations that affect cross border data flow; and
•   the impact of the following on customer spending patterns: political considerations, unfavorable changes in tax treaties or laws, natural disasters, epidemic disease, labor unrest, earnings expatriation restrictions, misappropriation of intellectual property, military actions, acts of terrorism, political and social unrest and difficulties in staffing and managing international operations.
any or all of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, the june 2016 approval by voters in the u.k. of a referendum to leave the eu, commonly referred to as brexit, has caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty in the global markets. the u.k.'s proposed exit from the eu, if implemented, will take some period of time to complete and could result in regulatory changes that impact our business. for example, changes to the way service providers conduct business and transmit data between the u.k. and the eu could require us to make changes to the way we handle customer data. we will also review the impact of any resulting changes to eu or u.k. law that could affect our operations, such as labor policies, financial planning, product manufacturing, and product distribution. political and regulatory responses to the vote are still developing and we are in the process of assessing the impact the vote may have on our business as more information becomes available. nevertheless, because we conduct business in the eu, including the u.k., any of the effects of brexit, including those we cannot anticipate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
moreover, local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the united states or in other countries in which we operate. in many foreign countries, it is common for others to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures or u.s. regulations applicable to us. there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, channel partners, and agents will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures, which are designed to ensure compliance with u.s. and foreign laws and policies. violations of laws or key control policies by our employees, contractors, channel partners, or agents could result in termination of our relationship, financial reporting problems, fines, and/or penalties for us, or prohibition on the importation or exportation of our products, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations.
because a substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the united states, we face exposure to adverse movements in non-u.s. currency exchange rates. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
the majority of our revenues and expenses are transacted in u.s. dollars. we also have some transactions that are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the british pound, euro, indian rupee, and japanese yen related to our sales and service operations outside of the united states. an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the united states in which we sell in u.s. dollars. this could negatively affect our ability to meet our customers' pricing expectations in those markets and may result in erosion of gross margin and market share. a weakened u.s. dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent we must purchase components in foreign currencies.
currently, we hedge only those currency exposures associated with certain assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies and periodically hedge anticipated foreign currency cash flows. the hedging activities undertaken by us are intended to offset the impact of currency fluctuations on certain nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities. however, such attempts to offset the impact of currency fluctuations are costly and no amount of hedging can be effective against all circumstances, including
30
long-term declines in the value of the u.s. dollar. if our attempts to hedge against these risks are not successful, or if long-term declines in the value of the u.s. dollar persist, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
approximately $125 million of the transaction consideration we received from the divestiture of our junos pulse product portfolio is in the form of a non-contingent seller promissory note and we may not receive the amount owed to us (including accrued interest), including in the time frame contemplated, by the buyer under the note.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, we completed the sale of our junos pulse product portfolio to an affiliate of siris capital, a private equity firm, for total consideration of $230.7 million, of which $105.7 million was in cash, net of a $19.3 million working capital adjustment, and $125.0 million was in the form of an 18-month non-contingent interest-bearing promissory note issued to the company. on october 2, 2015, the company and the issuer of the promissory note agreed to modify the original terms of the note to extend the maturity date from april 1, 2016 to december 31, 2018. since approximately $125.0 million of the transaction consideration is in the form of a non-contingent seller promissory note, there is the risk that we may not receive the amount owed to us (including accrued interest), including in the time frame contemplated, under the note. in the event that the promissory note is not repaid on the terms we contemplate, any collection or restructuring efforts we undertake may be costly and require significant time and attention from our management and there is no guarantee that we will be able to recover the amounts owed to us in full.
if we fail to adequately evolve our financial and managerial control and reporting systems and processes, our ability to manage and grow our business will be negatively affected.
our ability to successfully offer our products and implement our business plan in a rapidly evolving market depends upon an effective planning and management process. we will need to continue to improve our financial and managerial control and our reporting systems and procedures in order to manage our business effectively in the future. if we fail to effectively improve our systems and processes, our ability to manage our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be negatively affected.
our products are highly technical and if they contain undetected defects, errors or malware or do not meet customer quality expectations, our business could be adversely affected, and we may be subject to additional costs or lawsuits or be required to pay damages in connection with any alleged or actual failure of our products and services.
our products are highly technical and complex, are critical to the operation of many networks, and, in the case of our security products, provide and monitor network security and may protect valuable information. our products have contained and may contain one or more undetected errors, defects, malware, or security vulnerabilities. some errors in our products may only be discovered after a product has been installed and used by end-customers. for example, in december 2015, we disclosed that we identified unauthorized code in screenos that could allow a knowledgeable attacker to gain administrative access to netscreen devices and to decrypt vpn connections.
any errors, defects, malware or security vulnerabilities discovered in our products after commercial release could result in monetary penalties, loss of revenues or delay in revenue recognition, loss of customers, loss of future business and reputation, penalties, and increased service and warranty cost, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. following the identification of the screenos vulnerabilities, we launched an investigation into the matter, developed patched releases for the latest versions of screenos and notified customers, all of which required significant time and attention from management and our employees. in addition, in the event an error, defect, malware, or vulnerability is attributable to a component supplied by a third-party vendor, we may not be able to recover from the vendor all of the costs of remediation that we may incur. in addition, we could face claims for product liability, tort, or breach of warranty or indemnification. defending a lawsuit, regardless of its merit, is costly and may divert management's attention. if our business liability insurance coverage is inadequate, or future coverage is unavailable on acceptable terms or at all, our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. moreover, if our products fail to satisfy our customers' quality expectations for whatever reason, the perception of and the demand for our products could be adversely affected.
if our products do not interoperate with our customers' networks, installations will be delayed or cancelled and could harm our business.
our products are designed to interface with our customers' existing networks, each of which have different specifications and utilize multiple protocol standards and products from other vendors. many of our customers' networks contain multiple generations of products that have been added over time as these networks have grown and evolved. our products must interoperate with many or all of the products within these networks as well as future products in order to meet our customers' requirements. if we find errors in the existing software or defects in the hardware used in our customers' networks, we may need to modify our software or hardware to fix or overcome these errors so that our products will interoperate and scale with the existing software and hardware, which could be costly and could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, if our
31
products do not interoperate with those of our customers' networks, demand for our products could be adversely affected or orders for our products could be cancelled. this could hurt our operating results, damage our reputation, and seriously harm our business and prospects.
our products incorporate and rely upon licensed third-party technology, and if licenses of third-party technology do not continue to be available to us or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our revenues and ability to develop and introduce new products could be adversely affected.
we integrate licensed third-party technology into certain of our products. from time to time, we may be required to renegotiate our current third party licenses or license additional technology from third-parties to develop new products or product enhancements or to facilitate new business models. third-party licenses may not be available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. the failure to comply with the terms of any license, including free open source software, may result in our inability to continue to use such license. some of our agreements with our licensors may be terminated for convenience by them. in addition, we cannot be certain that our licensors are not infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties or that our licensors have sufficient rights to the licensed intellectual property in all jurisdictions in which we may sell our products. our inability to maintain or re-license any third-party licenses required in our products or our inability to obtain third-party licenses necessary to develop new products and product enhancements, could require us, if possible, to develop substitute technology or obtain substitute technology of lower quality or performance standards or at a greater cost, any of which could delay or prevent product shipment and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we sell our products to customers that use those products to build networks and ip infrastructure, and if the demand for network and ip systems does not continue to grow, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
a substantial portion of our business and revenues depends on the growth of secure ip infrastructure and on the deployment of our products by customers that depend on the continued growth of ip services. as a result of changes in the economy, capital spending or the building of network capacity in excess of demand, all of which have in the past particularly affected telecommunications service providers, spending on ip infrastructure can vary, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, a number of our existing customers are evaluating the build-out of their next generation networks. during the decision-making period when our customers are determining the design of those networks and the selection of the software and equipment they will use in those networks, such customers may greatly reduce or suspend their spending on secure ip infrastructure. such delays in purchases can make it more difficult to predict revenues from such customers can cause fluctuations in the level of spending by these customers and, even where our products are ultimately selected, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are required to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and publicly disclose material weaknesses in our controls. any adverse results from such evaluation may adversely affect investor perception, and our stock price.
section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 requires our management to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and to disclose in our filing if such controls were unable to provide assurance that a material error would be prevented or detected in a timely manner. we have an ongoing program to review the design of our internal controls framework in keeping with changes in business needs, implement necessary changes to our controls design and test the system and process controls necessary to comply with these requirements. if in the future, our internal controls over financial reporting are determined to be not effective resulting in a material weakness or significant deficiency, investor perceptions regarding the reliability of our financial statements may be adversely affected which could cause a decline in the market price of our stock and otherwise negatively affect our liquidity and financial condition.
failure to maintain our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.
the major credit rating agencies routinely evaluate our indebtedness. this evaluation is based on a number of factors, which include financial strength as well as transparency with rating agencies and timeliness of financial reporting. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings and failure to do so could adversely affect our cost of funds and related margins, liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets.
32
we may be unable to generate the cash flow to satisfy our expenses, make anticipated capital expenditures or service our debt obligations, including the senior notes and the revolving credit facility.
in february 2016, we issued $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due 2019, which we refer to as the 2019 notes, and $150.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.5% senior notes due 2024, which we refer to as the 2024 notes. in march 2015, we issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.30% senior notes due 2020, which we refer to as the 2020 notes, and $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.35% senior notes due 2025, which we refer to as the 2025 notes. in addition, in march 2014, we issued $350.0 million aggregate principal amount of our 2024 notes and in march 2011, we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes, which we refer to as the senior notes and together with the 2019 notes, 2020 notes, 2024 notes and 2025 notes, the notes (see discussion in note 9, debt and financing, in the notes to consolidated financial statements of this report). as of december 31, 2016, we had $2,133.7 million in outstanding long-term debt. in june 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a five year $500.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility, which we refer to as the revolving credit facility, with an option to increase the revolving credit facility, up to a maximum of $700.0 million. the credit agreement will terminate in june 2019, at which point all amounts borrowed must be repaid. as of december 31, 2016, no amounts were outstanding under the credit agreement.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow to enable us to satisfy our expenses, make anticipated capital expenditures or service our indebtedness, including the notes and the revolving credit facility (if drawn upon). our ability to pay our expenses, satisfy our debt obligations, refinance our debt obligations and fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond our control. based upon current levels of operations, we believe cash flow from operations and available cash will be adequate for at least the next twelve months to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and scheduled payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, including the notes and the revolving credit facility (if drawn upon). however, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service our debt, we may be required to sell assets, reduce capital expenditures, refinance all or a portion of our existing debt (including the notes), repatriate off-shore cash to the u.s. at unfavorable tax rates or obtain additional financing. there is no assurance that we will be able to refinance our debt, sell assets or borrow more money on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
the indentures that govern the notes contain various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to, among other things:
•   incur liens;
•   incur sale and leaseback transactions; and
•   consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person.
the credit agreement contains two financial covenants along with customary affirmative and negative covenants that include the following:
•   maintenance of a leverage ratio no greater than 3.0x and an interest coverage ratio no less than 3.0x
•   covenants that limit or restrict the ability of the company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, change their accounting or reporting policies, change their business and incur subsidiary indebtedness, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type.
as a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we can conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. accordingly, these restrictions may limit our ability to successfully operate our business. a failure to comply with these restrictions could lead to an event of default, which could result in an acceleration of the indebtedness. our future operating results may not be sufficient to enable compliance with these covenants to remedy any such default. in addition, in the event of an acceleration, we may not have or be able to obtain sufficient funds to make any accelerated payments, including those under the notes, and the revolving credit facility (if drawn upon).
33
our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders or the failure to meet our commitments to return capital to our stockholders could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
in january 2017, we announced a cash dividend of $0.10 per share of common stock payable on march 22, 2017 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on march 1, 2017. our ability to pay quarterly dividends or achieve our intended capital return policy will be subject to, among other things, our financial position and results of operations, available cash and cash flow, capital and debt service requirements, use of cash for acquisitions and other factors. any failure to pay or increase future dividends as announced, or a reduction or discontinuation of quarterly dividends could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
we have announced that, beginning in 2017, we intend to target a capital return policy, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends, of approximately 50% of annual free cash flow. free cash flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. any failure to meet our commitments to return capital to our shareholders could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.
the investment of our cash balance and our investments in government and corporate debt securities are subject to risks, which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.
at december 31, 2016, we had $1,833.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and $1,824.1 million in short- and long-term investments. we have invested these amounts primarily in asset-backed securities, certificates of deposit, commercial paper, corporate debt securities, foreign government debt securities, government- sponsored enterprise obligations, money market funds, mutual funds, publicly-traded equity securities, time deposits and u.s. government securities. certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, sovereign debt, and interest rate risks. our future investment income may fall short of expectations due to changes in interest rates or if the decline in fair value of our publicly traded debt or equity investments is judged to be other-than-temporary. these market risks associated with our investment portfolio may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that the court of chancery of the state of delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.
our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent to the selection of an alternative forum, the court of chancery of the state of delaware (or if the court of chancery does not have jurisdiction, the u.s. district court for the district of delaware) is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, or other employees to us or to our stockholders; (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the delaware general corporation law, our restated certificate of incorporation, or our bylaws; (iv) any action or proceeding asserting a claim as to which delaware general corporation law confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. the exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our current or former directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current or former directors, officers, and other employees. alternatively, if a court were to find the exclusive forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could have a material and adverse impact on our business.
uninsured losses could harm our operating results.
we self-insure against many business risks and expenses, such as intellectual property litigation and our medical benefit programs, where we believe we can adequately self-insure against the anticipated exposure and risk or where insurance is either not deemed cost-effective or is not available. we also maintain a program of insurance coverage for various types of property, casualty, and other risks. we place our insurance coverage with various carriers in numerous jurisdictions. the types and amounts of insurance that we obtain vary from time to time and from location to location, depending on availability, cost, and our decisions with respect to risk retention. the policies are subject to deductibles, policy limits, and exclusions that result in our retention of a level of risk on a self-insurance basis. losses not covered by insurance could be substantial and unpredictable and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
34
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read with the consolidated financial statements and the related notes in item 8 of part ii of this report.
the following discussion is based upon our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or u.s. gaap. in the course of operating our business, we routinely make decisions as to the timing of the payment of invoices, the collection of receivables, the manufacturing and shipment of products, the fulfillment of orders, the purchase of supplies, and the building of inventory and spare parts, among other matters. each of these decisions has some impact on the financial results for any given period. in making these decisions, we consider various factors including contractual obligations, customer satisfaction, competition, internal and external financial targets and expectations, and financial planning objectives. for further information about our critical accounting policies and estimates, see "critical accounting policies and estimates" section included in this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
to aid in understanding our operating results for the periods covered by this report, we have provided an executive overview and a summary of the business and market environment. these sections should be read in conjunction with the more detailed discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations in this item 7, our "risk factors" section included in item 1a of part i, and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in item 8 of part ii of this report.
business and market environment juniper networks designs, develops, and sells products and services for high-performance networks, to enable customers to build scalable, reliable, secure and cost-effective networks for their businesses, while achieving agility, efficiency and value through automation. we focus on customers and partners across our key market verticals who view these network attributes as fundamental to their business; including telecom, cable providers, cloud providers, national government, financial services, and strategic enterprise verticals.
our products are sold in three geographic regions: americas; europe, middle east, and africa, or emea; and asia pacific, or apac. our high-performance routing, switching, and security networking products and service offerings are sold to global service providers, cloud providers, national governments, research and public sector organizations and other enterprises who view the network as critical to their success. we believe that our silicon, systems, and software represent innovations that transform the economics and experience of networking, helping our customers achieve superior performance, greater choice, and flexibility, while reducing overall total cost of ownership. in addition to our products, we offer our customers worldwide services, including technical support, professional services, and education and training programs.
our fiscal 2016 results saw modest net revenue growth that was primarily driven by cloud providers, which increased more than 25% in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. while routing revenue was slightly down, our ptx family of products had significant year-over-year growth. switching revenue increased 12% in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 driven by continued data center strength led by our qfx family of products, which increased more than 50% year-over-year. our security revenues continued to decline as this component of our business is transitioning from legacy security products to our new srx security offerings, which were introduced throughout 2016. we expect this transition in security to continue over the next few quarters. our services business continues to be strong with another year of solid year-over-year revenue growth, increasing 13% in 2016 compared to the same period in 2015.
in reviewing our top 10 customers for the year, four were cloud providers, four were telecoms, and two were enterprises. of these customers, two were located outside of the u.s.
we continue to operate in a competitive market and expect the timing of our customers' deployment patterns to vary from quarter to quarter. we intend to manage our business in 2017 with these considerations in mind and will continue to focus on driving shareholder value. we expect to adhere to the following three financial principles that provide insight into our operating plans for 2017:
•   we will continue to pursue opportunities for revenue growth in 2017 with our differentiated product portfolio within our target markets and will focus on growth from emerging technologies as the market landscape continues to evolve.
•   we remain focused on earnings expansion with long-term consistency. we will remain diligent in managing our operating expenses while also investing in our product portfolio for the short and long-term.
39
•   we intend to maintain a healthy balance sheet and an optimized capital structure, while balancing internal investments and the potential for value-enhancing m&amp;a. we expect continued strong cash flow generation and intend to return approximately 50% of free cash flow to shareholders. free cash flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures.
we are focused on operational excellence, cost discipline and targeted growth initiatives, as well as partnerships and expect to continue to evaluate strategic acquisitions. in 2016, we completed three acquisitions that we expect will further enhance our product portfolio and that we believe will allow us to accelerate our strategy to transition to cloud-based markets. in april 2016, we acquired optical equipment provider bti systems inc., or bti, which we expect will accelerate our ability to address the data center interconnect, or dci, and metro ethernet markets with open, programmable and automated, packet optical transport solutions. then in august 2016, we acquired aurrion, inc., or aurrion, a provider of fabless silicon photonic technology, which we expect will strengthen our long-term competitive advantage in cost-effective, high-density, high-speed optical networks. lastly, in december 2016 we acquired appformix, a company focused on cloud infrastructure optimization software, which we expect will complement the analytics and capabilities of contrail and help customers enhance their cloud operations. we expect that we will continue to look at targeted and strategic acquisitions that we believe can complement our product portfolio, operations or r&d strategy.
further, our intent is to lead in the area of software solutions that simplify the operation of networks, and to allow our customers across our key verticals to deliver real value over those networks. we anticipate that our increased focus on software business models will result in an increase in software revenue as a percentage of total revenue over time.
in 2016, we continued to execute on our strategy with significant advancements in performance and automation across a number of key solution areas and announced a number of new products and enhancements to our hardware and software products across routing, switching, and security.
in routing, our solution for wide area ip transport across data center interconnect, metro, and core was enhanced with the introduction of our newest ptx line-cards, coupled with our multi-layer optimization controller, northstar.
in switching, we announced two new access switches, the ex2300 and ex3400 in 2016. further, we introduced juniper networks cloud-enabled branch, a solution that will allow enterprises and managed service providers alike to create and automate delivery of branch office networking services on-demand.
in security, we announced juniper networks csrx, a next-generation containerized firewall providing advanced security services for software-defined secure networks, or sdsn, as well as a multi-core version of the juniper networks vsrx. we also announced junos space security director, policy enforcer, new srx4100 and srx4200 firewalls, and new enhancements to sky advanced threat prevention, or sky atp, to further build out our sdsn platform.
we also expanded our global alliances with nec to deliver nfv-based solutions that allow service providers and enterprises to gain greater service agility through automation.
we believe we are entering 2017 with a competitive product portfolio and a determination to enable our customers' cloud businesses, or to successfully migrate to cloud architectures. the cloud transformation is our primary area of strategic focus as we see significant opportunities arising from the shift towards the cloud and network automation. we believe our history as an innovation leader and our understanding of high performance networking technology position us to capitalize on this industry transition.
40
financial results and key performance metrics overview the following table provides an overview of our key financial metrics for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 (in millions, except per share amounts, percentages, days sales outstanding, or dso, and product book-to-bill):
as of and for the years ended december 31,
2016                                                                        2015                   2014       2016 vs. 2015                                                 2015 vs. 2014
$ change                 % change               $ change           % change net revenues                                  $4,990.1              $4,857.8              $4,627.1            $132.3                   3      %            $230.7                5      %
gross margin                                  $3,104.5              $3,078.6              $2,858.2            $25.9                    1      %            $220.4                8      %
percentage of net revenues                        62.2   %              63.4   %              61.8    %
operating income (loss)                         $889.7                $912.0               $(419.7    )       $(22.3      )           (2     )%          $1,331.7             (317     )%
percentage of net revenues                        17.8   %              18.8   %              (9.1   )%
net income (loss)                               $592.7                $633.7               $(334.3    )       $(41.0      )           (6     )%            $968.0             (290     )%
percentage of net revenues                        11.9   %              13.0   %              (7.2   )%
net income (loss) per share basic                                            $1.55                 $1.62                $(0.73    )       $(0.07      )           (4     )%             $2.35             (322     )%
diluted                                          $1.53                 $1.59                $(0.73    )       $(0.06      )           (4     )%             $2.32             (318     )%
cash dividends declared per common stock         $0.40                 $0.40                 $0.20            $-                       -      %             $0.20              100      %
stock repurchase plan activity                  $312.9              $1,142.5              $2,250.0            $(829.6     )          (73     )%         $(1,107.5    )         (49     )%
operating cash flows                          $1,106.0                $892.5                $763.4            $213.5                  24      %            $129.1               17      %
dso(*)                                              68                    53                    49        15                          28      %   4                              8      %
product book-to-bill(*)                              &gt;1                 &gt;1                  &gt;1
deferred revenue                              $1,481.1              $1,168.1              $1,075.7            $313.0                  27      %             $92.4                9      %
________________________________
(*)   dso and product book-to-bill are for the fourth quarter ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014.
•   net revenues: during 2016, net revenues increased, compared to 2015, due to strong growth in services revenues partially offset by a slight decline in product revenue. the decline in product revenue was primarily driven by a decline in revenues from our mx products, as well as our security products. in addition, we saw continued competitive pricing pressures, partially offset by revenue growth from our new products, specifically in switching where we saw continued data center strength.
•   gross margin: our gross margin as a percentage of net revenues decreased during 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to elevated pricing pressures, product mix, and charges related to the expected remediation costs for certain products containing a defect in a clock-signal component from a third-party supplier, partially offset by an improvement in services margin and our supply chain cost structure. we expect that we will continue to experience elevated pricing pressures in the near term.
•   operating income (loss): during 2016, compared to 2015, operating income as a percentage of net revenues decreased as a result of higher operating expense primarily due to acquisitions completed in 2016 as well as a decline in gross margin as a percentage of net revenue, partially offset by savings in variable compensation and improvements to our supply chain cost structure.
•   capital return: during 2016, we completed our full commitment to return $4.1 billion of capital, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends, to shareholders from 2014 through the end of 2016. during 2016, we repurchased 13.5 million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase of $312.9 million and paid cash dividends of $0.10 per share each quarter for an aggregate annual amount of $152.5 million. beginning in 2017, we intend to target a capital return policy of approximately 50% of annual free cash flow, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends.
41
•   operating cash flows: cash flow from operations increased by $213.5 million in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily driven by timing differences in working capital.
•   dso: dso is calculated as the ratio of ending accounts receivable, net of allowances, divided by average daily net sales for the preceding 90 days. dso for the quarter ended december 31, 2016 increased by 15 days, or 28% compared to the quarter ended december 31, 2015. the elevated dso was primarily due to a significant increase in invoicing of services which occurred late in 2016 and resulted in higher deferred services revenue, as well as the timing of product invoicing. we believe the quality of our receivables is strong as the majority has been received early in the first quarter of 2017. going forward we expect dso to be in the 50 to 60 days range.
•   product book-to-bill: product book-to-bill represents the ratio of product orders booked divided by product revenues during the respective period. product book-to-bill was greater than one for the quarters ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, which we believe indicates positive product demand.
•   deferred revenue: total deferred revenue increased by $313.0 million to $1,481.1 million as of december 31, 2016, compared to $1,168.1 million as of december 31, 2015, primarily due to (1) an increase in deferred service revenue of $230.4 million driven by an increase in multi-year support agreements, which are billed in advance, and (2) an increase in product deferred revenue primarily due to higher deferrals related to software revenue arrangements, which are recognized ratably over the agreement, and other shipments that have not met all revenue recognition criteria. in circumstances when costs are deferred, deferred product revenue is recorded net of the related costs of product revenue.
in february 2017, we completed our evaluation of the impact of a defect in a clock-signal component contained in certain of our products which may begin to fail after the product has been in operation for 18 months as advised by the third party component supplier. as a result, we recorded a product cost of revenue charge of approximately $10.8 million in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2016 for the expected remediation costs of the component defect. we are in the process of working with our customers and the component supplier to implement a remediation.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. gaap requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to sales returns, pricing credits, warranty costs, allowance for doubtful accounts, impairment of long-term assets, especially goodwill and intangible assets, contract manufacturer exposures for carrying and obsolete material charges, assumptions used in the valuation of share-based compensation, and litigation. we base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. for further information about our significant accounting policies, see note 2, significant accounting policies, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report, which describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the accounting policies described below are significantly affected by critical accounting estimates. such accounting policies require significant judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies. to the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future consolidated results of operations may be affected.
•   goodwill. we make significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments when valuing goodwill and other intangible assets in connection with the initial purchase price allocation of an acquired entity, as well as when evaluating impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets on an ongoing basis. these estimates are based upon a number of factors, including historical experience, market conditions, and information obtained from the management of the acquired company. critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, historical and projected customer retention rates, anticipated growth in revenue from the acquired customer and product base, and the expected use of the acquired assets. these factors are also considered in determining the useful life of the acquired intangible assets. the amounts and useful lives assigned to identified intangible assets impacts the amount and timing of future amortization expense.
goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recorded. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of net assets of businesses acquired in a business combination is recognized as goodwill. we evaluate our goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, as of november 1st, or more frequently if an event occurs or facts and circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amount.
42
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segment level, by comparing the reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill, to the fair value of the reporting unit. the reporting units are determined based on the components of our operating segment that constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly review the operating results of the component.
the provisions of the accounting standard for goodwill and other intangibles allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. various factors are considered in the qualitative assessment, including macroeconomic conditions, financial performance, or a sustained decrease in share price. if as a result of the qualitative assessment, it is deemed more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, management will perform the quantitative test.
the quantitative goodwill impairment test, if necessary, involves a two-step process to identify goodwill impairment and measure the amount of goodwill impairment loss to be recognized, if any. the first step tests for potential impairment by comparing the fair value of reporting units with the reporting unit's net asset values. if the fair value of the reporting units exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets, goodwill is not impaired and no further testing is required. if the fair value of the reporting units does not exceed the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit, then we perform the second step of the impairment test in order to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. the second step requires an assignment of the reporting unit's fair value to the reporting unit's assets and liabilities, using the relevant acquisition accounting guidance, to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is then compared with the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill, and if the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, we record an impairment loss equal to the difference.
in the first step, the fair value of each of our reporting units is determined using both the income and market valuation approaches. we believe the income approach and the market approach are equally representative of the reporting unit's fair value. under the income approach, the fair value of the reporting unit is based on the present value of estimated future cash flows that the reporting unit is expected to generate over its remaining life. under the market approach, the value of the reporting unit is based on an analysis that compares the value of the reporting unit to values of publicly-traded companies in similar lines of business. in the application of the income and market valuation approaches, we are required to make estimates of future operating trends and judgments on discount rates and other variables. determining the fair value of a reporting unit is highly judgmental in nature and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. actual future results related to assumed variables could differ from these estimates. in addition, we make certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of our reporting units.
under the income approach, we calculate the fair value of a reporting unit based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. cash flow projections are based on management's estimates of revenue growth rates and operating margins, taking into consideration industry and market conditions. the discount rate used is based on the weighted-average cost of capital adjusted for the relevant risk associated with business-specific characteristics and the uncertainty related to the business's ability to execute on the projected cash flows. under the market approach, we estimate the fair value based on market multiples of earnings derived from comparable publicly-traded companies with similar operating and investment characteristics as the reporting units, and then apply a control premium which is determined by considering control premiums offered as part of the acquisitions that have occurred in market segments that are comparable with our reporting units. the income approach and the market approach are equally weighted to derive the fair value of the reporting unit.
during the fourth quarter of 2016, we performed a quantitative assessment for all of our reporting units: routing, switching, and security. this quantitative assessment was performed by determining the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. based on the outcome of the quantitative assessments, we determined that the fair values of each reporting unit significantly exceeded its respective carrying value, resulting in no goodwill impairment.
refer to item 8 of part ii, note 7, goodwill and purchased intangible assets, of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, for further information.
43
•   inventory valuation and contract manufacturer liabilities. inventory consists primarily of component parts to be used in the manufacturing process and is stated at lower of cost or market. a provision is recorded when inventory is determined to be in excess of anticipated demand or obsolete, to adjust inventory to its estimated realizable value. in determining the provision, we also consider estimated recovery rates based on the nature of the inventory. as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, our net inventory balances were $95.5 million and $75.0 million, respectively.
we establish a liability for non-cancelable, non-returnable purchase commitments with our contract manufacturers for quantities in excess of our demand forecasts or obsolete materials charges for components purchased by the contract manufacturers based on our demand forecasts or customer orders. we also take estimated recoveries of aged inventory into consideration when determining the liability. as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, our contract manufacturer liabilities were $14.0 million and $18.0 million, respectively.
significant judgment is used in establishing our forecasts of future demand, recovery rates based on the nature and age of inventory, and obsolete material exposures. we perform a detailed analysis and review of data used in establishing our demand forecasts. if the actual component usage and product demand are significantly lower than forecast, which may be caused by factors within and outside of our control, or if there were a higher incidence of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and our customer requirements, we may be required to increase our inventory write-downs and contract manufacturer liabilities, which could have an adverse impact on our gross margins and profitability. we regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. inventory and supply chain management remains an area of focus as we balance the risk of material obsolescence and supply chain flexibility in order to reduce lead times.
•   revenue recognition. revenue is recognized when all of the following criteria have been met: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (2) delivery has occurred, (3) sales price is fixed or determinable, and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. we enter into contracts to sell our products and services, and while some of our sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, there are agreements that contain multiple elements or non-standard terms and conditions. as a result, significant contract interpretation may be required to determine the appropriate accounting, including whether the deliverables specified in a multiple element arrangement should be treated as separate units of accounting for revenue recognition purposes, and, if so, how the price should be allocated among the elements and when to recognize revenue for each element. changes in the allocation of the sales price between elements may impact the timing of revenue recognition but will not change the total revenue recognized on the contract.
under our revenue recognition policies, we allocate revenue to each element based on a selling price hierarchy. the selling price for a deliverable is based on our vendor-specific objective evidence, or vsoe, if available, third-party evidence, or tpe, if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price, or esp, if neither vsoe nor tpe is available. we establish vsoe of selling price using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately. tpe of selling price is established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in stand-alone sales to similarly situated customers. we do not use tpe as we do not consider our products to be similar or interchangeable to our competitors' products in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. esp is established considering internal factors such as margin objectives, pricing practices and controls, customer segment pricing strategies and product life cycle. consideration is also given to market conditions such as industry pricing strategies and technology life cycles. when determining esp, we apply management judgment to establish margin objectives and pricing strategies and to evaluate market conditions and product life cycles. revenue from maintenance service contracts is deferred and recognized ratably over the contractual support period, which is generally one to three years.
•   income taxes. we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our taxes. although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
significant judgment is also required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. in assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider all available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. in the event that we change our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
44
our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by expiration of or lapses in the r&d tax credit laws; by transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our intercompany r&d cost-sharing arrangement and legal structure; by tax effects of nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, including possible u.s. changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, or the foreign tax credit rules. in addition, the oecd's recommended changes to numerous long-standing tax principles, as adopted by countries, will increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes applies to all income tax positions, including the potential recovery of previously paid taxes, which if settled unfavorably could adversely affect our provision for income taxes or additional paid-in capital. in addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the irs and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
•   loss contingencies. we use significant judgment and assumptions to estimate the likelihood of loss or impairment of an asset, or the incurrence of a liability, in determining loss contingencies. an estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. we record a charge equal to the minimum estimated liability for litigation costs or a loss contingency only when both of the following conditions are met: (i) information available prior to issuance of our consolidated financial statements indicates that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (ii) the range of loss can be reasonably estimated. we regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether such accruals should be adjusted and whether new accruals are required.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2, significant accounting policies, in notes to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects on financial condition and results of operations, which is incorporated herein by reference.
results of operations we sell our high-performance networking products and service offerings across routing, switching, and security to two primary markets: service provider and enterprise. our determination of the market to which a particular revenue transaction relates is based primarily upon the customer's industrial classification code, but may also include subjective factors such as the intended use of the product. the service provider market generally includes wireline and wireless carriers, and cable operators, as well as major internet content and application providers. the enterprise market is generally comprised of federal, state, and local governments; research and education institutions; financial services and other businesses.
45
the following table presents product and service net revenues (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                          2015                  2014                           2016 vs. 2015                           2015 vs. 2014
$ change           % change             $ change           % change routing                         $2,352.9              $2,359.2              $2,223.9               $(6.3    )           -      %          $135.3                6      %
percentage of net revenues          47.2   %              48.6   %              48.1   %
switching                          858.0                 768.3                 721.2                89.7               12      %            47.1                7      %
percentage of net revenues          17.2   %              15.8   %              15.6   %
security                           318.0                 435.6                 463.6              (117.6    )         (27     )%           (28.0    )          (6     )%
percentage of net revenues           6.4   %               9.0   %              10.0   %
total product                    3,528.9               3,563.1               3,408.7               (34.2    )          (1     )%           154.4                5      %
percentage of net revenues          70.7   %              73.3   %              73.7   %
total service                    1,461.2               1,294.7               1,218.4               166.5               13      %            76.3                6      %
percentage of net revenues          29.3   %              26.7   %              26.3   %
total net revenues              $4,990.1              $4,857.8              $4,627.1              $132.3                3      %          $230.7                5      %
2016 compared to 2015
routing product net revenues decreased slightly in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to a decline in revenues from our mx products, resulting from lower demand from telecom in the americas and emea, which is impacted by the timing of large deployments. net revenues from our legacy t series products continued to decline, as expected, as we continue to transition to our next-generation ptx series of products. these declines were significantly offset by a strong increase in revenues from our ptx series products due to higher sales to cloud providers and telecom, as well as the ramp up of sales of our new products, which we expect to continue over the next few quarters.
switching product net revenues increased in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, as a result of continued growth from our data center switching portfolio, driven by higher net revenues from our qfx product family, which increased over 50% year-over-year, driven by the ramp up of sales of our new product offerings, as well as an increase in revenue from cloud providers. this was partially offset by lower demand for our ex products, as we transition to our new ex product portfolio. we are focused on the growing cloud and data center market, and expect our expanded data center switching portfolio will continue to drive revenue growth in our switching business in the foreseeable future.
security product net revenues decreased in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to lower net revenues from our srx products, which have been undergoing a product refresh cycle, as well as the continued decline of our screen os and other legacy products. we continue to expect that our screen os and other legacy products will not contribute to meaningful security product revenue growth and should continue to decline over time. we are continuing to introduce newer srx products, and expect this transition to continue over the next few quarters.
the increase in service net revenues in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015 was primarily driven by strong attach rates and renewals of support contracts.
2015 compared to 2014
routing product net revenues increased in 2015, compared to 2014, as a result of an increase from cloud providers, cable, and telecom in emea and apac. during 2015, we saw a strong increase in demand from both service provider and enterprise markets for our routing products, as well as an overall increase in net revenues from our mx960, mx2020, and ptx series products.
switching product net revenues increased in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to data center build-outs with telecom and cloud providers. this result was enabled by the significant growth with our qfx product family. additionally, we saw switching net revenues growth in the americas and apac, which was slightly offset by a decrease in emea. we also saw a year-over-year increase in the service provider market for our switching products.
security product net revenues decreased in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to the divestiture of our junos pulse product lines and a continuing decline in our screenos products, which was partially offset by an increase in sales of our srx platform
46
and security software year-over-year. additionally, we also saw a decrease in security net revenues within the enterprise market, which was partially offset by a slight increase in the service provider market.
the increase in service net revenues in 2015, compared to 2014, was primarily driven by new service contracts and strong contract renewals. service revenues are largely correlated with product revenues, therefore if product net revenues decline, it can have an impact on future service revenues.
net revenues by geographic region the following table presents net revenues by geographic region (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                          2015                  2014                           2016 vs. 2015                           2015 vs. 2014
$ change           % change             $ change           % change americas:
united states                   $2,737.0              $2,568.6              $2,410.6              $168.4                7      %          $158.0                7      %
other                              231.8                 223.6                 219.7                 8.2                4      %             3.9                2      %
total americas                   2,968.8               2,792.2               2,630.3               176.6                6      %           161.9                6      %
percentage of net revenues          59.5   %              57.5   %              56.8   %
emea                             1,238.1               1,320.3               1,263.3               (82.2    )          (6     )%            57.0                5      %
percentage of net revenues          24.8   %              27.2   %              27.3   %
apac                               783.2                 745.3                 733.5                37.9                5      %            11.8                2      %
percentage of net revenues          15.7   %              15.3   %              15.9   %
total net revenues              $4,990.1              $4,857.8              $4,627.1              $132.3                3      %          $230.7                5      %
2016 compared to 2015
net revenues in the americas increased in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily driven by strong growth from cloud providers, which increased almost 30% year-year-over, as they build out data center environments, as well as a strong increase in service revenues. this was partially offset by lower revenues from cable providers, due to lower demand for our mx products. in the americas, we continue to see opportunities for us to diversify our revenue as cloud provider customers continue to invest in data center networks and network automation.
net revenues in emea decreased in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015, primarily due to a decrease in revenues from our strategic enterprise vertical and the timing of deployments of large telecoms, partially offset by growth from cloud providers. to a lesser extent, certain macroeconomic uncertainties in the region and elevated pricing pressures also contributed to the decline in net revenues.
net revenues in apac increased in 2016, compared to the same period in 2015. the increase was driven by cloud providers, partially offset by telecom. geographically, revenue growth was primarily driven by an increase in revenues from china and japan, which was partially offset by a decline in revenues from australia.
2015 compared to 2014
net revenues in the americas increased in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to a strong increase in net revenues from both the service provider and enterprise markets. the increase in both the service provider and enterprise markets within the americas was due to an increase in net revenues across routing, switching, and srx product net revenues, as well as service net revenues. in addition, we saw a strong increase in net revenues from cloud providers, cable, and enterprise, partially offset by telecom.
net revenues in emea increased in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to an increase in net revenues from telecom and cloud providers slightly offset by a decrease in the enterprise market.
net revenues in apac increased in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to an increase in net revenues from telecom and cloud providers. we experienced a significant decline in china, which was partially offset by an increase in net revenues in japan and australia.
47
net revenues by market and customer the following table presents net revenues by market (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                          2015                  2014                          2016 vs. 2015                           2015 vs. 2014
$ change           % change             $ change           % change service provider                $3,452.2              $3,289.8              $3,100.4             $162.4                5      %          $189.4                6      %
percentage of net revenues          69.2   %              67.7   %              67.0   %
enterprise                       1,537.9               1,568.0               1,526.7              (30.1    )          (2     )%   41.3                         3      %
percentage of net revenues          30.8   %              32.3   %              33.0   %
total net revenues              $4,990.1              $4,857.8              $4,627.1             $132.3                3      %          $230.7                5      %
2016 compared to 2015
net revenues from the service provider market increased in 2016, compared to 2015, driven by strong growth in the americas and to a lesser extent, growth in apac, partially offset by emea. services and switching growth was partially offset by a decline in security.
net revenues from the enterprise market slightly decreased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to a decline in revenues from security, partially offset by growth in service revenue. net revenue declines from the enterprise market in emea and apac were partially offset by growth in the americas.
2015 compared to 2014
net revenues from the service provider market increased in 2015, compared to 2014, with growth from cloud providers, telecom in emea and apac, and cable. within the service provider market, we saw strength across routing, switching, and security, with the largest increase in net revenues from routing revenue.
net revenues from the enterprise market increased in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to strength in service and routing, and to a lesser extent, switching, which was partially offset by a slight decrease in revenue from our security products. net revenues in the americas from the enterprise market increased across routing, switching, and srx security.
customer no customer accounted for greater than 10% of our net revenues during the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014.
gross margins the following table presents gross margins (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                              2015                  2014       2016 vs. 2015                                               2015 vs. 2014
$ change                 % change             $ change           % change product gross margin                $2,202.7              $2,293.5              $2,121.9           $(90.8      )           (4     )%          $171.6                8      %
percentage of product revenues          62.4   %              64.4   %              62.2   %
service gross margin                   901.8                 785.1                 736.3               116.7               15      %   48.8                         7      %
percentage of service revenues          61.7   %              60.6   %              60.4   %
total gross margin                  $3,104.5              $3,078.6              $2,858.2           $25.9                    1      %          $220.4                8      %
percentage of net revenues              62.2   %              63.4   %              61.8   %
our gross margins have been and will continue to be affected by a variety of factors, including the mix and average selling prices of our products and services, new product introductions and enhancements, manufacturing costs, expenses for inventory obsolescence and warranty obligations, cost of support and service personnel, and the mix of distribution channels through which our products are sold.
48
2016 compared to 2015
product gross margin decreased as a percentage of product net revenues in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to elevated pricing pressures, product mix, and expected remediation costs of $10.8 million for certain products containing a defect in a clock-signal component from a third-party supplier, partially offset by improvements in our cost structure. we expect that our product gross margin will continue to vary in the future due to the mix of products sold and competitive pricing pressures. we believe product gross margins as a percentage of net revenues will improve in the long-term from the continued expected acceptance of our new products and technologies, the expected increase in software revenues as a percentage of total revenues as we transition to software-based business models, and as we continue to manage costs within our supply chain.
service gross margin as a percentage of service net revenues increased in 2016, compared to 2015. service gross margin increased year-over-year due to an increase in support revenue as well as improvements in labor productivity and logistics, partially offset by increased support costs related to the ramp up of new products.
2015 compared to 2014
product gross margin increased as a percentage of product net revenues in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in product cost of revenues. the decrease in cost of revenues is attributable to the non-recurrence of restructuring charges recorded in 2014 for asset write-downs. no such charges were incurred in 2015. excluding these components from prior year cost of sales, year-over-year gross margin would remain relatively consistent.
service gross margin as a percentage of service net revenues increased in 2015, compared to 2014. services delivery costs increased at a slower rate than service revenue as a result of better labor efficiency and improved product quality.
operating expenses the following table presents operating expenses (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                          2015                  2014                         2016 vs. 2015                            2015 vs. 2014
$ change           % change              $ change           % change research and development                        $1,013.7                $994.5              $1,006.2             $19.2                2      %           $(11.7    )          (1     )%
percentage of net revenues                          20.3   %              20.5   %              21.7   %
sales and marketing                                972.9                 943.8               1,023.6              29.1                3      %            (79.8    )          (8     )%
percentage of net revenues                          19.5   %              19.4   %              22.1   %
general and administrative                         224.9                 228.9                 231.1              (4.0    )          (2     )%             (2.2    )          (1     )%
percentage of net revenues                           4.5   %               4.7   %               5.0   %
restructuring and other charges (benefits)           3.3                  (0.6   )             167.0               3.9              n/m                  (167.6    )        (100     )%
percentage of net revenues                           0.1   %                 -   %               3.6   %
impairment of goodwill                                 -                     -                 850.0                 -              n/m                  (850.0    )        (100     )%
percentage of net revenues                             -   %                 -   %              18.4   %
total operating expenses                        $2,214.8              $2,166.6              $3,277.9             $48.2                2      %        $(1,111.3    )         (34     )%
percentage of net revenues                          44.4   %              44.6   %              70.8   %
_______________________________
n/m - percentage is not meaningful.
our operating expenses have historically been driven in large part by personnel-related costs, including wages, commissions, bonuses, benefits, share-based compensation, and travel. facility and information technology, or it, departmental costs are allocated to each department based on usage and headcount. we had a total of 9,832, 9,058, and 8,806 employees as of december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. our headcount increased by 774 employees, or 9%, in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily in research and development, driven by our 2016 business acquisitions, as well as higher services and sales headcount as we focus on delivering our new products to our customers.
49
2016 compared to 2015
research and development research and development expense increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily as a result of an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of $17.8 million, which was driven by higher capital expenditures related to research and development projects. also contributing to the increase in research and development expense was $13.6 million of higher outside service costs, such as consulting, and higher facilities expense. to a lesser extent, personnel-related expenses increased due to higher salaries, wages, and fringe expense partially offset by lower bonus expense. the increase in salaries and wages was driven by a higher headcount of 4,054 in 2016, compared to 3,723 in 2015, as a result of our 2016 business acquisitions. these increases were partially offset by lower costs of $14.1 million related to the completion of development of new products.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to an increase in personnel-related expenses of $26.6 million driven by higher salaries and wages related to an increase in headcount of 2,590 in 2016, compared to 2,464 in 2015 as well as an increase in share-based compensation expense, partially offset by lower bonus and commissions expense.
general and administrative general and administrative expense decreased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily as a result of lower personnel-related expenses which includes a decline in share-based compensation and lower bonus expense, partially offset by higher salaries and wages. additionally, facilities expense decreased in 2016, compared to 2015, due to the consolidation of our buildings in sunnyvale, california. these declines were partially offset by an increase in outside services related to consulting projects as well as an increase in acquisition costs related to our 2016 business acquisitions.
restructuring and other charges (benefits)
restructuring and other charges (benefits) increased in 2016, compared to 2015, related to severance costs in connection with our 2016 business combinations.
2015 compared to 2014
research and development research and development expense decreased in 2015, compared to 2014, as a result of lower headcount. headcount declined from an average of 3,888 in 2014 to 3,724 in 2015, leading to a reduction in payroll costs and share-based compensation. in addition, outside consulting services decreased due to reduced consulting expenses, which was partially offset by an increase in depreciation expense on r&d equipment and bonus expense.
sales and marketing sales and marketing expense decreased in 2015, compared to 2014. average headcount increased from 2,360 in 2014 to 2,464 in 2015, however the mix of employees hired in 2015 was significantly different to 2014, which resulted in lower salary and bonus expense. additionally, commissions expense decreased compared to 2014 as a result of the elimination of certain commission programs and a reduction in sales staff.
general and administrative general and administrative expense decreased in 2015, compared to 2014 primarily as a result of higher litigation and investigation related costs incurred in 2014, in connection with the investigations into possible violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and to a lesser extent, our patent litigation case with palo alto networks. additionally, we saw a decrease in general and administrative consulting fees, which was slightly offset by a higher bad debt expense amount.
50
restructuring and other charges (benefits)
restructuring and other charges (benefits) decreased in 2015, compared to 2014, due to higher charges recorded in 2014 in connection with our 2014 restructuring plan. during 2014, we implemented the 2014 restructuring plan and incurred restructuring charges of $166.2 million related to workforce reductions, contract terminations, project cancellations, and facility closures. the 2014 restructuring plan has been substantially completed as of december 31, 2014.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded $0.4 million of severance costs and a benefit of $1.0 million for facilities that were recorded in restructuring and other charges (benefits) in the consolidated statements of operations, in connection with the 2014 restructuring plan. see note 9, restructuring and other charges (benefits), in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for further discussion of our restructuring activities.
impairment of goodwill in 2014, we determined that the security reporting unit's carrying value of goodwill exceeded the implied fair value of goodwill, resulting in a goodwill impairment charge of $850.0 million, which was recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. no such charges were recorded in 2015 or 2016.
share-based compensation share-based compensation expense associated with equity incentive awards, or awards, which include stock options; restricted stock units, or rsus; restricted stock awards, or rsas; and performance share awards, or psas; as well as our employee stock purchase plan, or espp, was recorded in the following cost and expense categories (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                      2015                2014                         2016 vs. 2015                           2015 vs. 2014
$ change           % change             $ change           % change cost of revenues - product        $6.4                $5.6                $5.0              $0.8               14      %            $0.6               12   %
cost of revenues - service        15.3                13.8                14.2               1.5               11      %            (0.4    )          (3   )%
research and development         126.5               125.4               134.5               1.1                1      %            (9.1    )          (7   )%
sales and marketing               55.2                45.6                60.2               9.6               21      %           (14.6    )         (24   )%
general and administrative        23.4                26.9                26.1              (3.5    )         (13     )%   0.8                          3   %
total                           $226.8              $217.3              $240.0              $9.5                4      %          $(22.7    )          (9   )%
2016 compared to 2015
share-based compensation expense increased in 2016, compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in actual shares vested as well as additional expense related to equity-based awards assumed in connection with our 2016 business acquisitions.
2015 compared to 2014
share-based compensation expense decreased in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease in expense was primarily related to a decline in actual shares vested.
51
other (expense) income, net the following table presents other (expense) income, net (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                               2015                2014       2016 vs. 2015                                            2015 vs. 2014
$ change            % change               $ change           % change interest income                         $35.4                $21.8                $10.0           $13.6                 62   %             $11.8              118      %
interest expense                        (97.7    )           (83.3    )           (66.9   )       (14.4     )           17   %             (16.4    )          25      %
gain on legal settlement, net               -                    -                196.1           -                   -      %            (196.1    )        (100     )%
(loss) gain on investments, net          (1.8    )             6.8                167.9           (8.6      )         (126   )%           (161.1    )         (96     )%
gain on sale of junos pulse                 -                    -                 19.6           -                   -      %             (19.6    )        (100     )%
other                                     1.8                 (5.1    )             6.7               6.9             n/m                  (11.8    )         n/m total other (expense) income, net      $(62.3    )          $(59.8    )          $333.4           $(2.5     )            4   %           $(393.2    )        (118     )%
percentage of net revenues               (1.2   )%            (1.2   )%             7.2   %
_______________________________
n/m - percentage is not meaningful.
other (expense) income, net interest income primarily includes interest earned from our cash, cash equivalents, investments, and promissory note issued to juniper in connection with the sale of junos pulse. interest expense primarily includes interest, net of capitalized interest expense, from our short-term and long-term debt and customer financing arrangements. (loss) gain on investments, net, primarily includes gains and losses from the sale of investments in privately-held companies and includes any impairment charges recorded on these investments. other typically consists of foreign exchange gains and losses and other non-operational income and expense items.
2016 compared to 2015
interest income interest income increased in 2016 compared to 2015, primarily due to higher interest income on our pulse note receivable due to an increase in the interest rate, as well as higher yields from our investment portfolio. see note 8, other financial information, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 in part ii of this report for additional information regarding our pulse note receivable.
interest expense interest expense increased in 2016, compared to 2015, primarily due to the issuance of our 2019 and 2024 notes, partially offset by the repayment of debt, in the first quarter of 2016. see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 in part ii of this report for additional information regarding our 2019 and 2024 notes.
(loss) gain on investments, net during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recorded net losses on investments of $1.8 million, which was primarily driven by impairments on our investments in privately-held companies. whereas during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a gain on investments of $7.3 million related to the sale of an investment in a privately-held company, which was partially offset by impairments in investments of other privately-held companies.
2015 compared to 2014
interest income interest income increased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to a higher balance of longer term investments yielding higher interest as well as a full year of interest income on the pulse note receivable.
52
interest expense interest expense increased in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily due to the issuance of our 2020 and 2025 notes in the first quarter of 2015. see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 in part ii of this report for additional information regarding our 2020 and 2025 notes.
gain on legal settlement, net during the year ended december 31, 2015, no litigation-related gains were recorded, while in 2014, we entered into a settlement agreement with palo alto networks resolving patent litigation between the two companies, which resulted in a realized gain on legal settlement and subsequent sale of related securities of $196.1 million, net of legal fees.
(loss) gain on investments, net during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a gain of $7.3 million, primarily related to the sale of privately held investments. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a gain of $163.0 million related to the sale of investments, which were converted from privately-held investments to publicly-traded equity upon initial public offering, or ipo, and subsequently sold.
income tax provision the following table presents the income tax provision (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                2015                 2014      2016 vs. 2015                        2015 vs. 2014
$ change            % change         $ change              % change income tax provision      $234.7              $218.5              $248.0           $16.2                  7   %         $(29.5      )         (12    )%
effective tax rate          28.3   %            25.6   %          (287.4   )%
2016 compared to 2015
the effective tax rate for the tax year 2016 was higher than 2015, primarily due to a change in the geographic mix of earnings. the effective tax rate for the tax year 2015 includes a benefit of $13.2 million related to a change in the tax treatment of share-based compensation in our cost sharing arrangement.
as a result of recommendations by the organisation for economic cooperation and development (oecd) on base erosion and profit shifting (beps), certain countries in emea and apac have either enacted new corporate tax legislation or have indicated that they are considering enacting such legislation in the near future. we expect the effect of these reform measures to potentially impact long-standing tax principles, particularly in regards to transfer pricing. consequently, we expect global tax authorities to increasingly challenge our cost sharing and other intercompany arrangements, and the related sourcing of taxable profits in global jurisdictions. in 2016, we entered into discussions with the uk tax authorities and the australian tax authorities regarding corporate tax reform legislation enacted by those countries.
2015 compared to 2014
the effective rate for the tax year 2015 was lower than 2014, primarily due to the income tax that was provided in 2014 on the non-deductible goodwill charge included in the pre-tax loss. in addition, the 2014 effective tax rate includes $52.8 million related to the gain on the sales of junos pulse offset by the release of the company's valuation allowance attributable to investment losses.
our effective tax rate could fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and could be adversely affected to the extent earnings are lower than anticipated in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher statutory rates. our effective tax rate could also fluctuate due to changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items. see item 1a of part ii, risk factors of this report for a description of relevant risks which may adversely affect our results.
for a complete reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% and further explanation of our income tax provision, see note 14, income taxes, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report.
53
liquidity and capital resources we have funded our business primarily through our operating activities, the issuance of our common stock, and the issuance of our long-term debt. the following table presents our capital resources (in millions, except percentages):
as of december 31,
2016                                                                                       2015               $ change          % change working capital                                           $2,236.0                $1,110.5               $1,125.5             101      %
cash and cash equivalents                                 $1,833.2                $1,420.9                 $412.3              29      %
short-term investments                                       752.3                   527.1                  225.2              43      %
long-term investments                                      1,071.8                 1,244.2                 (172.4    )        (14     )%
total cash, cash equivalents, and investments              3,657.3                 3,192.2                  465.1              15      %
short-term and long-term debt(*)                           2,133.7                 1,937.4                  196.3              10      %
cash, cash equivalents, and investments, net of debt      $1,523.6                $1,254.8                 $268.8              21      %
________________________________
(*)   on january 1, 2016, we adopted accounting standards update, or asu, no. 2015-03 (subtopic 835-30) - simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs. short-term and long-term debt as of december 31, 2015 was retrospectively adjusted to conform to the current-year presentation.
the significant components of our working capital are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, and accounts receivable, reduced by short-term debt, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities. working capital increased by $1,125.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to $1,106.0 million of cash provided from our operating activities and $494.0 million of proceeds received from the issuance of long-term debt, partially offset by $477.1 million of payments for purchases and retirement of our common stock and cash dividends and payment of short-term debt of $300.0 million.
summary of cash flows as of december 31, 2016, our cash and cash equivalents increased by $412.3 million from december 31, 2015 primarily due to cash generated from operations and proceeds from the issuance of our 2019 notes and 2024 notes, partially offset by purchases and retirement of our common stock in connection with our stock repurchase program, payment of our 2016 notes, capital expenditures, dividend payments, payments for business acquisitions, and net purchases of available-for-sale investments.
the following table summarizes cash flows from our consolidated statements of cash flows (in millions, except percentages):
years ended december 31,
2016                                                                    2015                2014                                         2016 vs. 2015      2015 vs. 2014
$ change           % change      $ change                   % change net cash provided by operating activities             $1,106.0              $892.5                   $763.4             $213.5               24   %         $129.1                    17   %
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities   $(450.1       )       $(508.7     )            $434.0              $58.6              (12   )%        $(942.7       )         (217   )%
net cash used in financing activities                 $(229.6       )       $(581.4     )         $(1,824.2   )         $351.8              (61   )%        $1,242.8                 (68   )%
operating activities our primary source of operating cash flows is cash collections from our customers. our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for personnel-related expenditures, and other general operating expenses, as well as payments related to taxes, interest, and facilities.
2016 compared to 2015
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $213.5 million in 2016, compared to 2015. the increase was primarily due an increase in cash received from customers, partially offset by an increase in income taxes paid.
54
2015 compared to 2014
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $129.1 million in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primarily due to a decrease in cash payments for personnel-related expenditures, income tax paid in 2015, and an increase in cash received from customers, partially offset by an increase in cash payments to suppliers.
investing activities investing cash flows consist primarily of capital expenditures; investment purchases, sales, maturities and redemptions; and cash used for business combinations.
2016 compared to 2015
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $58.6 million in 2016, compared to 2015. the decrease was primary due to a decrease in net purchases of available-for-sale investments, partially offset by an increase in cash used for business acquisitions in 2016.
2015 compared to 2014
net cash used in investing activities increased by $942.7 million in 2015, compared to 2014. the increase was primary due to lower net proceeds from available-for-sale securities in 2015, compared to 2014. in 2014, the sale of available-for-sale securities were higher in order to partially fund our accelerated share repurchase program. in addition, we completed our sale of junos pulse in 2014.
financing activities financing cash flows consist primarily of purchases and retirement of common stock, payment of cash dividends to stockholders, issuance and repayment of short-term and long-term debt, and proceeds from the issuance of shares of common stock through employee equity incentive plans.
2016 compared to 2015
net cash used in financing activities decreased by $351.8 million in 2016, compared to 2015. the decrease was primarily due to lower purchases and retirements of our common stock in 2016, partially offset by the payment of our 2016 notes and a decrease in cash proceeds received from the issuance of long-term debt and the issuance of common stock in 2016.
2015 compared to 2014
net cash used in financing activities decreased by $1,242.8 million in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily due to lower purchases and retirement of our common stock in 2015.
capital return in february 2014, our board of directors, which we refer to as the board, approved a stock repurchase program that authorized us to repurchase up to $2.1 billion of our common stock, including $1.2 billion pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase program, or the stock repurchase program. in october 2014 and july 2015, the board authorized a $1.3 billion and $500.0 million increase, respectively, to the stock repurchase program for a total of $3.9 billion. as of december 31, 2016, there was $219.7 million of authorized funds remaining under the stock repurchase program. in february 2017, the board approved an incremental $500.0 million stock repurchase authorization under the stock repurchase program.
55
the following table summarizes our stock repurchase activities (in millions, except per share amounts):
sharesrepurchased       average price per share       amountrepurchased
2016
repurchases under stock repurchase programs       13.5                         $23.25                    $312.9
repurchases for tax withholding                    0.5                         $24.51                     $11.7
2015
repurchases under stock repurchase programs       45.4                         $25.16                  $1,142.5
repurchases for tax withholding                    0.4                         $26.70                     $11.1
2014
repurchases under stock repurchase programs       46.8                         $22.42                  $1,050.0
accelerated share repurchase(*)                   49.3                         $24.35                  $1,200.0
repurchases for tax withholding                    0.6                         $19.69                     $12.5
_______________________________
(*)   as part of the stock repurchase program, we entered into two separate accelerated share repurchase agreements, or collectively, the asr, with two financial institutions to repurchase $1.2 billion of our common stock. we made an up-front payment of $1.2 billion pursuant to the asr to repurchase our common stock. the aggregate number of shares ultimately purchased was determined based on a volume weighted average repurchase price, less an agreed upon discount. the shares received with respect to the asr have been retired. retired shares return to authorized but unissued shares of common stock.
future stock repurchases under our stock repurchase program will be subject to a review of the circumstances at that time and will be made from time to time in private transactions or open market purchases as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements.
in 2016 and 2015, we paid cash dividends of $0.10 per share each quarter, totaling $152.5 million and $156.3 million per annum, respectively. the declaration and amount of any future cash dividends are at the discretion of the board of directors, or an authorized committee thereof, and will depend on our financial performance, economic outlook, and any other relevant considerations.
we completed our full commitment to return $4.1 billion of capital, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends, to stockholders by the end of 2016. beginning in 2017, we intend to return approximately 50% of annual free cash flow to our stockholders, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends. free cash flow is calculated as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures.
deferred revenue deferred product revenue represents unrecognized revenue related to shipments to distributors that have not sold through to end-users, undelivered product commitments, and other shipments that have not met all revenue recognition criteria. deferred product revenue is recorded net of the related costs of product revenue. deferred service revenue represents customer payments made in advance for services, which include technical support, hardware and software maintenance, professional services, and training.
the following table summarizes our deferred product and service revenues (in millions):
as of december 31,
2016                                                                                              2015             $ change          % change deferred product revenue:
undelivered product commitments and other product deferrals        $302.4                  $210.1                $92.3              44      %
distributor inventory and other sell-through items                   74.2                    81.8                 (7.6    )         (9     )%
deferred gross product revenue                                      376.6                   291.9                 84.7              29      %
deferred cost of product revenue                                    (53.7    )              (51.6    )            (2.1    )          4      %
deferred product revenue, net                                       322.9                   240.3                 82.6              34      %
deferred service revenue                                          1,158.2                   927.8                230.4              25      %
total                                                            $1,481.1                $1,168.1               $313.0              27      %
56
total deferred revenue increased by $313.0 million to $1,481.1 million as of december 31, 2016, compared to $1,168.1 million as of december 31, 2015, primarily due to (1) an increase in deferred service revenue of $230.4 million driven by an increase in multi-year support agreements, which are billed in advance, and (2) an increase in product deferred revenue primarily due to higher deferrals related to subscription and software revenue arrangements and other shipments that have not met all revenue recognition criteria. in circumstances when costs are deferred, deferred product revenue is recorded net of the related costs of product revenue.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303 (a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k. it is not our business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. however, in the normal course of business, we enter into contracts consisting of guarantees of product and service performance, standby letters of credit for certain lease facilities and insurance programs. see guarantees below for additional information regarding our guarantees.
contractual obligations our principal commitments consist of obligations outstanding under operating leases, purchase commitments, debt, and other contractual obligations. the following table summarizes our principal contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods (in millions):
payments due by period total            less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years           more than 5 years operating leases(1)                                                      $114.9                   $33.1                   $43.5                 $21.0                     $17.3
build-to-suit lease arrangement(2)                                        115.5                     3.5                    23.0                  27.3                      61.7
purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers(1)         686.2                   678.4                     7.8                     -                         -
long-term debt(3)                                                       2,150.0                       -                   350.0                 600.0                   1,200.0
interest payment on long-term debt(3)                                     986.9                    94.0                   182.5                 144.4                     566.0
other contractual obligations(1)                                           46.2                    32.5                    13.7                     -                         -
total                                                                  $4,099.7                  $841.5                  $620.5                $792.7                  $1,845.0
_______________________________
(1)   see note 16, commitments and contingencies, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for additional information regarding our contractual commitments.
(2)   lease arrangement is related to a data center lease agreement that we entered in to on july 10, 2015. see note 16, commitments and contingencies, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for further explanation on the data lease agreement.
(3)   see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report for additional information regarding our debt.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $209.2 million included in long-term income taxes payable in the consolidated balance sheets for unrecognized tax positions. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments related to this amount due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. as a result, this amount is not included in the table above.
revolving credit facility on june 27, 2014, we entered into a credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a five year $500.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility, with an option to increase the amount of the credit facility by up to an additional $200.0 million, subject to certain conditions. proceeds from borrowing made under the credit agreement may be used by us for working capital and general corporate purposes. revolving loans may be borrowed, repaid and reborrowed until june 27, 2019, at which time all amounts borrowed must be repaid.
the credit agreement requires us to maintain a leverage ratio no greater than 3.0x and an interest coverage ratio no less than 3.0x during the term of the credit facility. in addition, the credit agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, including covenants that limit or restrict our ability and that of our subsidiaries to, among other things, grant liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, change their accounting or reporting policies, change their business and incur subsidiary indebtedness, in each case subject to customary exceptions for a credit facility of this size and type. as of december 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all covenants in the credit agreement, and no amounts were outstanding. see note 10, debt and financing, in notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of part ii of this report.
57
guarantees we have entered into agreements with customers that contain indemnification provisions relating to potential situations where claims could be alleged that our products solely, or in combination with other third party products, infringe the intellectual property rights of a third-party. as of december 31, 2016, we recorded $28.9 million for such indemnification obligations in other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. we also have financial guarantees consisting of guarantees of product and service performance, standby letters of credit for certain lease facilities and insurance programs, and guarantees related to third-party customer-financing arrangements of $6.0 million and $15.8 million, as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources may be impacted by our operating activities as well as acquisitions and investments in strategic relationships that we have made or we may make in the future. additionally, beginning in 2017 we intend to target a capital return policy of approximately 50% of annual free cash flow, inclusive of share repurchases and dividends. to the extent we repurchase additional shares of our common stock under our stock repurchase program or pay cash dividends on our common stock, our liquidity may be impacted. as of december 31, 2016, 87% of our cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances were held outside of the u.s., which may be subject to u.s. taxes if repatriated.
in august 2016, we filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the sec enabling us to offer for sale, from time to time, an unspecified amount of securities in one or more offerings and is intended to give us flexibility to take advantage of financing opportunities as needed or deemed desirable in light of market conditions. our 2019 notes and 2024 notes were issued under an automatic shelf registration statement that we filed in august 2013 pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed with the sec on february 24, 2016. our 2020 notes and 2025 notes were issued under an automatic shelf registration statement pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed with the sec on february 26, 2015, and our $350.0 million in principal amount of our 2024 notes, which form a single series and are fully fungible with our 2024 notes issued in 2016, were issued under an automatic shelf registration statement pursuant to a prospectus filed with the sec on february 28, 2014. any offerings of securities under our automatic shelf registration statement will be made pursuant to a prospectus. in addition, our revolving credit facility will also provide additional flexibility for future liquidity needs.
we have been focused on managing our annual equity usage as a percentage of the common stock outstanding to align with peer group competitive levels and have made changes in recent years to reduce the number of shares underlying the equity awards we grant. for fiscal year 2016, we intended to target the number of shares underlying equity awards granted on an annual basis at 2.40% or less of our common stock outstanding on a pure share basis (where each option, rsu, rsa or psa granted is counted as one share, and each psa granted is counted based on target achievement). based upon shares underlying our grants to date of options, rsus, rsas, and psas, we met this target for 2016.
based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, short-term, and long-term investments, together with cash generated from operations and access to capital markets and the revolving credit facility under the credit agreement will be sufficient to fund our operations, planned stock repurchases and dividends, and anticipated growth for at least the next twelve months. we believe our working capital is sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for capital expenditures, commitments, and other liquidity requirements associated with our existing operations during the same period. however, our future liquidity and capital requirements may vary materially from those now planned depending on many factors, including, but not limited to:
•   level and mix of our product, sales, and gross profit margins;
•   our business, product, capital expenditures and r&amp;d plans;
•   repurchases of our common stock;
•   payment of dividends;
•   incurrence and repayment of debt and related interest obligations;
•   litigation expenses, settlements, and judgments, or similar items related to resolution of tax audits;
•   volume price discounts and customer rebates;
58
•   accounts receivable levels that we maintain;
•   acquisitions and/or funding of other businesses, assets, products, or technologies;
•   changes in our compensation policies;
•   capital improvements for new and existing facilities;
•   technological advances;
•   our competitors' responses to our products and/or pricing;
•   our relationships with suppliers, partners, and customers;
•   possible future investments in raw material and finished goods inventories;
•   expenses related to future restructuring plans;
•   tax expense associated with share-based awards;
•   changes in u.s tax policy or rates;
•   issuance of share-based awards and the related payment in cash for withholding taxes in the current year and possibly during future years;
•   level of exercises of stock options and stock purchases under our equity incentive plans; and
•   general economic conditions and specific conditions in our industry and markets, including the effects of disruptions in global credit and financial markets, international conflicts, and related uncertainties.
59
