item 1a.    risk factors.
forward-looking statements we make forward-looking statements in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to us. forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations, which follow under the headings "business and overview," "liquidity and capital resources," and other statements throughout this report preceded by, followed by, or that include the words "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "estimates" or similar expressions.
any number of risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those we express in our forward-looking statements, including the risks and uncertainties we describe below and other factors we describe from time to time in our periodic filings with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). we therefore caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statement. the forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the date of this report, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise.
risks and uncertainties we are subject to various risks that could have a negative effect on us or on our financial condition. you should understand that these risks could cause results to differ materially from those we express in forward-looking statements contained in this report or in other company communications. because there is no way to determine in advance whether, or to what extent, any present uncertainty will ultimately impact our business, you should give equal weight to each of the following:
our industry is highly competitive, which may impact our ability to compete successfully with other hotel properties and home and apartment sharing services for customers. we operate in markets that contain many competitors. each of our hotel brands competes with major hotel chains, as well as home and apartment sharing services, in national and international venues and with independent companies in regional markets. our ability to remain competitive and to attract and retain business and leisure travelers depends on our success in distinguishing the quality, value, and efficiency of our lodging products and services, including our loyalty programs and consumer-facing technology platforms and services, from those offered by others. if we cannot compete successfully in these areas, our operating margins could contract, our market share could decrease, and our earnings could decline. further, new lodging supply in individual markets could have a negative impact on the hotel industry and hamper our ability to increase room rates or occupancy in those markets.
economic uncertainty could continue to impact our financial results and growth. weak economic conditions in some parts of the world, the strength or continuation of recovery in countries that have experienced improved economic conditions, changes in oil prices and currency values, potential disruptions in the u.s. economy that might result from the new u.s. administration's policies in such areas as trade, immigration, healthcare, and related issues, political instability in some areas, and the uncertainty over how long any of these conditions will continue, could continue to have a negative impact on the lodging industry. u.s. government travel is also a significant part of our business, and this aspect of our business may continue to suffer due to u.s. federal spending cuts or government hiring freezes and any further limitations that may result from presidential or congressional action or inaction. as a result of such current economic conditions and uncertainty, we continue to experience weakened demand for our hotel rooms in some markets. recent improvements in demand trends in other markets may not continue, and our future financial results and growth could be further harmed or constrained if the recovery stalls or conditions worsen.
risks relating to our integration of starwood the diversion of resources and management's attention to the integration of starwood could adversely affect our day-to-day business. the integration of starwood places a significant burden on our management and internal resources. the diversion of management's attention away from day-to-day business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could adversely affect our financial results.
we may not be able to integrate starwood successfully and many of the anticipated benefits of combining starwood and marriott may not be realized. we decided to acquire starwood with the expectation that the starwood combination will result in various benefits, including, among other things, operating efficiencies. achieving those anticipated benefits is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether we can integrate the business of starwood in an efficient and effective manner, and we cannot assure you that those benefits will be realized at all or as quickly as we expect. if we do not achieve those benefits, our costs could increase, our expected net income could decrease, and our future business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could suffer.
11
the integration process could take longer than we anticipate and involve unanticipated costs. disruptions of each company's ongoing businesses, processes, and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies, and compensation arrangements could adversely affect the combined company. we may also have difficulty addressing differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies, and in harmonizing our different reservations and other systems and business practices. although we expect that the elimination of certain duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the two businesses, will over time offset the substantial incremental transaction and merger-related costs and charges we incurred in connection with the starwood combination, we may not achieve this net benefit in the near term, or at all.
our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations. with completion of the starwood combination, the size of our business has increased significantly. our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage this expanded business, which poses substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. we cannot assure you that we will be successful or that we will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, and other benefits from the combination that we currently anticipate.
we may not be able to retain legacy-starwood personnel successfully. the success of the starwood combination will depend in part on our ability to retain the talents and dedication of key legacy-starwood employees. it remains possible that these employees may decide not to remain with us. if key legacy-starwood employees who we would like to retain terminate their employment, the loss of institutional knowledge and key business relationships could cause our business to suffer.
risks relating to our business operational risks premature termination of our management or franchise agreements could hurt our financial performance. our hotel management and franchise agreements may be subject to premature termination in certain circumstances, such as the bankruptcy of a hotel owner or franchisee, or a failure under some agreements to meet specified financial or performance criteria that are subject to the risks described in this section, which we fail or elect not to cure. in addition, some courts have applied principles of agency law and related fiduciary standards to managers of third-party hotel properties, including us (or have interpreted hotel management agreements as "personal services contracts"). this means, among other things, that property owners may assert the right to terminate management agreements even where the agreements provide otherwise, and some courts have upheld such assertions about our management agreements and may do so in the future. in addition, some management and franchise agreements may be terminated, or property owners may attempt to terminate such agreements, in connection with the starwood combination. if terminations occur for these or other reasons, we may need to enforce our right to damages for breach of contract and related claims, which may cause us to incur significant legal fees and expenses. any damages we ultimately collect could be less than the projected future value of the fees and other amounts we would have otherwise collected under the management agreement. a significant loss of agreements due to premature terminations could hurt our financial performance or our ability to grow our business.
our lodging operations are subject to global, regional, and national conditions. because we conduct our business on a global platform, changes in global and regional economies impact our activities. in recent years, decreases in travel resulting from weak economic conditions and the heightened travel security measures that have resulted from the threat of further terrorism have hurt our business. our future performance could be similarly affected by the economic environment in each of our operating regions, the resulting unknown pace of business travel, and any future incidents or changes in those regions.
the growing significance of our operations outside of the united states, including as a result of the starwood combination, makes us increasingly susceptible to the risks of doing business internationally, which could lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. at year-end 2016, we operated or franchised hotels and resorts in 122 countries and territories. with the acquisition of starwood, the hotels we operate or franchise outside of the united states represented more than 36 percent of the rooms in our system at year-end 2016. we expect that our international operations, and resulting revenues, will continue to grow. as a result, we are increasingly exposed to the challenges and risks of doing business outside the united states, many of which are outside of our control, and which could reduce our revenues or profits, increase our costs, result in significant liabilities or sanctions, otherwise disrupt our business, or damage our reputation. these challenges include: (1) compliance with complex and changing laws, regulations and government policies that may impact our operations, such as foreign ownership restrictions, import and export controls, and trade restrictions; (2) compliance with u.s. and foreign laws that affect the activities of companies abroad, such as competition laws, currency regulations, and other laws affecting dealings with certain nations; (3) limitations on our ability to repatriate non-u.s. earnings in a tax effective manner, or in some cases at all due to foreign exchange restrictions; (4) the difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; (5) uncertainties as to the enforceability of contract and
12
intellectual property rights under local laws; (6) rapid changes in government policy, political or civil unrest in the middle east and elsewhere, acts of terrorism, or the threat of international boycotts or u.s. anti-boycott legislation; and (7) currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may impact the results and cash flows of our international operations.
any failure by our international operations to comply with anti-corruption laws or trade sanctions could increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, harm our reputation, or subject us to broader liability. we are subject to restrictions imposed by the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa") and anti-corruption laws and regulations of other countries applicable to our operations, such as the uk bribery act. anti-corruption laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other persons in order to receive or retain business. these laws also require us to maintain adequate internal controls and accurate books and records. as a result of the starwood combination, we now have more properties in countries outside of the u.s., including in many parts of the world where corruption is common, and our compliance with anti-corruption laws may potentially conflict with local customs and practices. the compliance programs, internal controls and policies we and, prior to the merger date, starwood, maintain and enforce to promote compliance with applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may not prevent our associates, contractors or agents from acting in ways prohibited by these laws and regulations. we are also subject to trade sanctions administered by the office of foreign assets control and the u.s. department of commerce. our compliance programs and internal controls also may not prevent conduct that is prohibited under these rules. the united states may impose additional sanctions at any time against any country in which or with whom we do business. depending on the nature of the sanctions imposed, our operations in the relevant country could be restricted or otherwise adversely affected. any violations of anti-corruption laws and regulations or trade sanctions could result in significant civil and criminal penalties, reduce our profits, disrupt or have a material adverse effect on our business, damage our reputation, or result in lawsuits being brought against the company or its officers or directors. in addition, the operation of these laws or an imposition of further restrictions in these areas could increase our cost of operations, reduce our profits or cause us to forgo development opportunities, or cease operations in certain countries, that would otherwise support growth.
in connection with the starwood combination, we are currently assessing various regulatory compliance matters at several foreign legacy-starwood locations, including compliance with the fcpa. the results of this assessment may give rise to contingencies that could require us to record balance sheet liabilities or accrue expenses, the amounts of which we are not able to currently estimate.
exchange rate fluctuations and foreign exchange hedging arrangements could result in significant foreign currency gains and losses and affect our business results. we earn revenues and incur expenses in foreign currencies as part of our operations outside of the united states. accordingly, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may significantly increase the amount of u.s. dollars required for foreign currency expenses or significantly decrease the u.s. dollars we receive from foreign currency revenues. we are also exposed to currency translation risk because the results of our business outside of the u.s. are generally reported in local currency, which we then translate to u.s. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. as a result, changes between the foreign exchange rates and the u.s. dollar affect the amounts we record for our foreign assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and could have a negative effect on our financial results. we expect that our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations will grow as the relative contribution of our non-u.s. operations increases. our efforts to mitigate some of our foreign currency exposure by entering into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to reduce exposures to some of the principal currencies in which we receive management and franchise fees may not be successful. in this regard, these hedging agreements do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements and counterparty risk.
some of our management agreements and related contracts require us to make payments to owners if the hotels do not achieve specified levels of operating profit. some of our contracts with hotel owners require that we fund shortfalls if the hotels do not attain specified levels of operating profit. we may not be able to recover any fundings of such performance guarantees, which could lower our profits and reduce our cash flows.
our new programs and new branded products may not be successful. we cannot assure you that recently launched, newly acquired, or recently announced brands, such as edition, ac hotels by marriott in the americas, protea hotels, moxy hotels, delta hotels, and those we acquired as a result of the starwood combination, or any other new programs or products we may launch in the future, will be accepted by hotel owners, potential franchisees, or the traveling public or other customers. we also cannot be certain that we will recover the costs we incurred in developing or acquiring the brands or any new programs or products, or that the brands or any new programs or products will be successful. in addition, some of our new or newly acquired brands involve or may involve cooperation and/or consultation with one or more third parties, including some shared control over product design and development, sales and marketing, and brand standards. disagreements with these third parties could slow the development of these new brands and/or impair our ability to take actions we believe to be advisable for the success and profitability of such brands.
13
risks relating to natural or man-made disasters, contagious disease, terrorist activity, and war could reduce the demand for lodging, which may adversely affect our revenues. so called "acts of god," such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and other natural disasters, such as hurricane sandy in the northeastern united states, the earthquake and tsunami in japan, and man-made disasters in recent years as well as the potential spread of contagious diseases such as mers (middle east respiratory syndrome), zika virus, and ebola in locations where we own, manage, or franchise significant properties and areas of the world from which we draw a large number of customers, could cause a decline in business or leisure travel and reduce demand for lodging. actual or threatened war, terrorist activity, political unrest, or civil strife, such as recent events in fort lauderdale, orlando, charlotte, berlin, brussels, paris, turkey, ukraine and russia, the middle east, and other geopolitical uncertainty could have a similar effect. any one or more of these events may reduce the overall demand for hotel rooms and corporate apartments or limit the prices that we can obtain for them, both of which could adversely affect our profits.
disagreements with owners of hotels that we manage or franchise may result in litigation or may delay implementation of product or service initiatives. consistent with our focus on management and franchising, we own very few of our lodging properties. the nature of our responsibilities under our management agreements to manage each hotel and enforce the standards required for our brands under both management and franchise agreements may be subject to interpretation and will from time to time give rise to disagreements, which may include disagreements over the need for or payment for new product, service or systems initiatives, the timing and amount of capital investments, and reimbursement for certain system initiatives and costs. such disagreements may be more likely when hotel returns are weaker. we seek to resolve any disagreements in order to develop and maintain positive relations with current and potential hotel owners and joint venture partners, but we are not always able to do so. failure to resolve such disagreements has resulted in litigation, and could do so in the future. if any such litigation results in a significant adverse judgment, settlement, or court order, we could suffer significant losses, our profits could be reduced, or our future ability to operate our business could be constrained.
our business depends on the quality and reputation of our brands, and any deterioration in the quality or reputation of these brands could have an adverse impact on our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations. events that may be beyond our control could affect the reputation of one or more of our properties or more generally impact the reputation of our brands. if the reputation or perceived quality of our brands declines, our market share, reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations could be affected.
if our brands, goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record significant non-cash charges to earnings. as of december 31, 2016, we had $16.9 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets, including $6.5 billion attributable to the legacy-starwood brands (based on the preliminary purchase accounting for the starwood combination), a significant increase over the $2.4 billion of goodwill and other intangible assets we had as of december 31, 2015. the amount of goodwill acquired in the starwood combination could increase over the year following the acquisition if we determine that the value of physical assets acquired is less than, or the amount of liabilities assumed (including under starwood's guest loyalty program) is greater than, we preliminarily estimated. we review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. estimated fair values of our brands or reporting units could change if, for example, there are changes in the business climate, unanticipated changes in the competitive environment, adverse legal or regulatory actions or developments, changes in customers' perception of and the reputation of the legacy-starwood brands, or changes in interest rates, operating cash flows, or market capitalization. because of the significance of our goodwill and intangible assets, any future impairment of these assets could require material non-cash charges to our results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
actions by our franchisees and licensees could adversely affect our image and reputation. we franchise and license many of our brand names and trademarks to third parties in connection with lodging, timeshare, residential services, and our credit card programs. under the terms of their agreements with us, our franchisees and licensees interact directly with customers and other third parties under our brand and trade names. if these franchisees or licensees fail to maintain or act in accordance with applicable brand standards; experience operational problems, including any data breach involving customer information; or project a brand image inconsistent with ours, our image and reputation could suffer. although our franchise and license agreements provide us with recourse and remedies in the event of a breach by the franchisee or licensee, including termination of the agreements under certain circumstances, pursuing any such recourse, remedy, or termination could be expensive and time consuming. in addition, we cannot assure you that a court would ultimately enforce our contractual termination rights in every instance.
damage to, or losses involving, properties that we own, manage, or franchise may not be covered by insurance. we have comprehensive property and liability insurance policies for our managed, leased, and owned properties with coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary, and require our franchisees to maintain similar levels of insurance. market forces beyond our control may nonetheless limit the scope of the insurance coverage we or our franchisees can obtain, or our or their ability to obtain coverage at reasonable rates. certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as
14
earthquakes, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist acts, or liabilities that result from breaches in the security of our information systems, may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify obtaining insurance. as a result, we and our franchisees may not be successful in obtaining insurance without increases in cost or decreases in coverage levels. in addition, in the event of a substantial loss, the insurance coverage we or our franchisees carry may not be sufficient to pay the full market value or replacement cost of any lost investment or in some cases could result in certain losses being totally uninsured. as a result, we could lose some or all of any capital that we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the property, and we could remain obligated for guarantees, debt, or other financial obligations for the property.
development and financing risks while we are predominantly a manager and franchisor of hotel properties, our hotel owners depend on capital to buy, develop, and improve hotels, and our hotel owners may be unable to access capital when necessary. in order to fund new hotel investments, as well as refurbish and improve existing hotels, both we and current and potential hotel owners must periodically spend money. the availability of funds for new investments and improvement of existing hotels by our current and potential hotel owners depends in large measure on capital markets and liquidity factors, over which we can exert little control. the difficulty of obtaining financing on attractive terms may be constrained by the capital markets for hotel and real estate investments. in addition, owners of existing hotels that we franchise or manage may have difficulty meeting required debt service payments or refinancing loans at maturity.
our growth strategy depends upon third-party owners/operators, and future arrangements with these third parties may be less favorable. our growth strategy for development of additional lodging facilities entails entering into and maintaining various arrangements with property owners. the terms of our management agreements, franchise agreements, and leases for each of our lodging facilities are influenced by contract terms offered by our competitors, among other things. we cannot assure you that any of our current arrangements will continue or that we will be able to enter into future collaborations, renew agreements, or enter into new agreements in the future on terms that are as favorable to us as those that exist today.
our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to the range of risks associated with real estate investments. our ability to sustain continued growth through management or franchise agreements for new hotels and the conversion of existing facilities to managed or franchised marriott brands is affected, and may potentially be limited, by a variety of factors influencing real estate development generally. these include site availability, financing, planning, zoning and other local approvals, and other limitations that may be imposed by market and submarket factors, such as projected room occupancy, changes in growth in demand compared to projected supply, territorial restrictions in our management and franchise agreements, costs of construction, and anticipated room rate structure.
our development activities expose us to project cost, completion, and resale risks. we develop new hotel and residential properties, both directly and through partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures with third parties. as demonstrated by the impairment charges that we recorded in 2015 and 2014 in connection with our development and construction of three edition hotels and residences, our ongoing involvement in the development of properties presents a number of risks, including that: (1) continued weakness in the capital markets may limit our ability, or that of third parties with whom we do business, to raise capital for completion of projects that have commenced or for development of future properties; (2) properties that we develop could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for hotel and residential properties, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell such properties for a profit or at the prices or selling pace we anticipate, potentially requiring additional changes in our pricing strategy that could result in further charges; (3) construction delays, cost overruns, lender financial defaults, or so called "acts of god" such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, or fires may increase overall project costs or result in project cancellations; and (4) we may be unable to recover development costs we incur for any projects that we do not pursue to completion.
our owned properties and other real estate investments subject us to numerous risks. although we had relatively few owned and leased properties at the end of 2016, we acquired significant numbers of those properties as part of the starwood combination, and such properties are subject to the risks that generally relate to investments in real property. although we intend to sell most of our owned and leased properties over the next two years, equity real estate investments can be difficult to sell quickly, and we may not be able to do so at prices we find acceptable or at all. moreover, the investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend in large part on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated by the related properties, and the expenses incurred. a variety of other factors also affect income from properties and real estate values, including governmental regulations, insurance, zoning, tax and eminent domain laws, interest rate levels, and the availability of financing. for example, new or existing real estate zoning or tax laws can make it more expensive and/or time-consuming to develop real property or expand, modify, or renovate hotels. when interest rates increase, the cost of acquiring, developing, expanding, or renovating real property increases and real property values may decrease as the number of potential buyers decreases. similarly, as financing becomes less available, it becomes more difficult both to acquire and to sell real property. finally, under eminent domain laws, governments can take real property. sometimes this taking is for less
15
compensation than the owner believes the property is worth. despite our asset-light strategy, our real estate properties could be impacted by any of these factors, resulting in a material adverse impact on our results of operations or financial condition. if our properties do not generate revenue sufficient to meet operating expenses, including needed capital expenditures, our income will be adversely affected.
development activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may result in disputes that could increase project costs, impair project operations, or increase project completion risks. partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties which we have entered into or acquired as part of the starwood combination generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create added risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies, or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. actions by another investor may present additional risks of project delay, increased project costs, or operational difficulties following project completion. such disputes may also be more likely in difficult business environments.
investing through partnerships or joint ventures decreases our ability to manage risk. in addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, starwood, and to the lesser extent marriott, has from time to time invested, and we may continue to invest, as a co-venturer. such arrangements often have shared control over the operation of the assets. therefore, such investments may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-venturer might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations. should a venture partner become bankrupt we could become liable for our partner's share of venture's liabilities. also, our venture partner may have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our economic or business interests or goals, may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions, or may make requests contrary to our policies or objectives. further, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our venture partners and, alternatively, our venture partners could take actions binding on the venture or partnership without our consent. therefore, actions by a co-venturer might subject the assets owned by the venture or partnership to additional risk. we cannot assure you that our investments through partnerships or joint ventures will be successful despite these risks.
risks associated with development and sale of residential properties associated with our lodging properties or brands may reduce our profits. in certain hotel and timeshare projects we participate, directly or through noncontrolling interests and/or licensing agreements, in the development and sale of residential properties associated with our brands, including residences and condominiums under our jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, the ritz-carlton reserve, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, edition, bulgari hotels & resorts, marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, and autograph collection hotels brand names and trademarks. such projects pose further risks beyond those generally associated with our lodging business, which may reduce our profits or compromise our brand equity, including the following: (1) weakness in residential real estate and demand generally may reduce our profits and could make it more difficult to convince future hotel development partners of the value added by our brands; (2) increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability, or increases in the costs of residential ownership could prevent potential customers from buying residential products or reduce the prices they are willing to pay; and (3) residential construction may be subject to warranty and liability claims, and the costs of resolving such claims may be significant.
some hotel openings in our existing development pipeline and approved projects may be delayed or not result in new hotels, which could adversely affect our growth prospects. we report a significant number of hotels in our development pipeline, including hotels under construction and under signed contracts, as well as hotels approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. the eventual opening of such pipeline hotels and, in particular, the hotels approved for development that are not yet under contract, is subject to numerous risks, including in some cases the owner's or developer's ability to obtain adequate financing or governmental or regulatory approvals. accordingly, we cannot assure you that our development pipeline, and in particular hotels not yet under contract, will result in new hotels that enter our system, or that those hotels will open when we anticipate.
if we incur losses on loans or loan guarantees that we have made to third parties, our profits could decline. at times, we make loans for hotel development or renovation expenditures in connection with entering into or amending management or franchise agreements. from time to time we also provide third-party lenders financial guarantees for the timely repayment of all or a portion of debt related to hotels that we manage or franchise, generally subject to an obligation that the owner reimburse us for any fundings. we could suffer losses if hotel owners or franchisees default on loans that we provide or fail to reimburse us for loan guarantees that we have funded.
if owners of hotels that we manage or franchise cannot repay or refinance mortgage loans secured by their properties, our revenues and profits could decrease and our business could be harmed. the owners of many of our managed or franchised properties have pledged their hotels as collateral for mortgage loans that they entered into when those properties were purchased or refinanced. if those owners cannot repay or refinance maturing indebtedness on favorable terms or at all, the
16
lenders could declare a default, accelerate the related debt, and repossess the property. such sales or repossessions could, in some cases, result in the termination of our management or franchise agreements and eliminate our anticipated income and cash flows, which could negatively affect our results of operations.
technology, information protection, and privacy risks a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position. the lodging industry continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems, including those used for our reservation, revenue management, and property management systems, our loyalty programs, and technologies we make available to our guests. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis, and if we cannot do so as quickly as our competitors or within budgeted costs and time frames, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
an increase in the use of third-party internet services to book online hotel reservations could adversely impact our business. some of our hotel rooms are booked through internet travel intermediaries such as expedia.com®, priceline.com®, booking.comtm, travelocity.com®, and orbitz.com®, as well as lesser-known online travel service providers. these intermediaries initially focused on leisure travel, but now also provide offerings for corporate travel and group meetings. although marriott's and starwood's respective best rate guarantee programs have helped prevent customer preference shift to the intermediaries and greatly reduced the ability of intermediaries to undercut the published rates at our hotels, intermediaries continue to use a variety of aggressive online marketing methods to attract customers, including the purchase, by certain companies, of trademarked online keywords such as "marriott" from internet search engines such as google®, bing®, yahoo®, and baidu® to steer customers toward their websites (a practice that has been challenged by various trademark owners in federal court). although marriott has successfully limited these practices through contracts with key online intermediaries, the number of intermediaries and related companies that drive traffic to intermediaries' websites is too large to permit us to eliminate this risk entirely. our business and profitability could be harmed if online intermediaries succeed in significantly shifting loyalties from our lodging brands to their travel services, diverting bookings away from marriott and starwood direct online channels, or through their fees increasing the overall cost of internet bookings for our hotels. in addition, if we fail to reach satisfactory agreements with intermediaries as our contracts with them come up for periodic renewal, our hotels might no longer appear on their websites and we could lose business as a result.
we are exposed to risks and costs associated with protecting the integrity and security of internal and customer data. our businesses process, use, and transmit large volumes of internal employee and customer data, including credit card numbers and other personal information in various information systems that we maintain and in those maintained by third parties, including our owners, franchisees and licensees, as well as our service providers, in areas such as human resources outsourcing, website hosting, and various forms of electronic communications. the integrity and protection of that customer, employee, and company data is critical to our business. if that data is inaccurate or incomplete, we could make faulty decisions.
our customers and employees also have a high expectation that we, as well as our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers, will adequately protect their personal information. the information, security, and privacy requirements imposed by governmental regulation and the requirements of the payment card industry are also increasingly demanding, in both the united states and other jurisdictions where we operate. our systems and the systems maintained or used by our owners, franchisees, licensees, and service providers may not be able to satisfy these changing requirements and employee and customer expectations, or may require significant additional investments or time in order to do so.
cyber-attacks could have a disruptive effect on our business. efforts to hack or breach security measures, failures of systems or software to operate as designed or intended, viruses, operator error, or inadvertent releases of data may materially impact our, including our owners', franchisees', licensees', or service providers', information systems and records. our reliance on computer, internet-based and mobile systems and communications and the frequency and sophistication of efforts by hackers to gain unauthorized access to such systems have increased significantly in recent years. a significant theft, loss, or fraudulent use of customer, employee, or company data could adversely impact our reputation and could result in remedial and other expenses, fines, or litigation. breaches in the security of our information systems or those of our owners, franchisees, licensees, or service providers or other disruptions in data services could lead to an interruption in the operation of our systems, resulting in operational inefficiencies and a loss of profits. in addition, although we carry cyber/privacy liability insurance that is designed to protect us against certain losses related to cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in connection with cyber-attacks, security breaches, and other related breaches. furthermore, in the future such insurance may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
changes in privacy law could increase our operating costs and adversely affect our ability to market our products effectively. we are subject to numerous laws, regulations, and contractual obligations designed to protect personal information,
17
including foreign data protection laws, various u.s. federal and state laws, and credit card industry security standards and other applicable information privacy and security standards. compliance with changes in applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs.
additionally, we rely on a variety of direct marketing techniques, including email marketing, online advertising, and postal mailings. any further restrictions in laws such as the canspam act, and various u.s. state laws, or new federal laws on marketing and solicitation or international data protection laws that govern these activities could adversely affect the continuing effectiveness of email, online advertising, and postal mailing techniques and could force further changes in our marketing strategy. if this occurs, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative marketing strategies, which could impact the amount and timing of our sales of certain products. we also obtain access to potential customers from travel service providers or other companies with whom we have substantial relationships and market to some individuals on these lists directly or by including our marketing message in the other company's marketing materials. if access to these lists was prohibited or otherwise restricted, our ability to develop new customers and introduce them to our products could be impaired.
any disruption in the functioning of our reservation system, such as in connection with our integration of starwood, could adversely affect our performance and results. we manage a global reservation system that communicates reservations to our branded hotels that individuals make directly with us online, through our mobile app, or through our telephone call centers, or through intermediaries like travel agents, internet travel websites, and other distribution channels. the cost, speed, accuracy and efficiency of our reservation system are critical aspects of our business and are important considerations for hotel owners when choosing our brands. our business may suffer if we fail to maintain, upgrade, or prevent disruption to our reservation system. in addition, the risk of disruption in the functioning of our global reservation system could increase in connection with the system integration that we anticipate undertaking as part of our integration of starwood. disruptions in or changes to our reservation system could result in a disruption to our business and the loss of important data.
other risks changes in laws and regulations could reduce our profits or increase our costs. we are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations, and policies in jurisdictions around the world, including those for financial reporting, taxes, healthcare, and the environment. changes to these laws, regulations, or policies, including those associated with health care, tax or financial reforms, could reduce our profits. we also anticipate that many of the jurisdictions where we do business will continue to review taxes and other revenue raising measures, and any resulting changes could impose new restrictions, costs, or prohibitions on our current practices or reduce our profits. in particular, governments may revise tax laws, regulations, or official interpretations in ways that could significantly impact us, including modifications that could reduce the profits that we can effectively realize from our non-u.s. operations, or that could require costly changes to those operations, or the way in which they are structured. for example, most u.s. company effective tax rates reflect the fact that income earned and reinvested outside the united states is generally taxed at local rates, which are often much lower than u.s. tax rates. if changes in tax laws, regulations, or interpretations significantly increase the tax rates on non-u.s. income, our effective tax rate could increase and our profits could be reduced. if such increases resulted from our status as a u.s. company, those changes could place us at a disadvantage to our non-u.s. competitors if those competitors remain subject to lower local tax rates.
if we cannot attract and retain talented associates, our business could suffer. we compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel. if we cannot recruit, train, develop, and retain sufficient numbers of talented associates, we could experience increased associate turnover, decreased guest satisfaction, low morale, inefficiency, or internal control failures. insufficient numbers of talented associates could also limit our ability to grow and expand our businesses. any shortage of skilled labor could also require higher wages that would increase our labor costs, which could reduce our profits.
delaware law and our governing corporate documents contain, and our board of directors could implement, anti-takeover provisions that could deter takeover attempts. under the delaware business combination statute, a shareholder holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting stock could not acquire us without board of director consent for at least three years after the date the shareholder first held 15 percent or more of the voting stock. our governing corporate documents also, among other things, require supermajority votes for mergers and similar transactions. in addition, our board of directors could, without shareholder approval, implement other anti-takeover defenses, such as a shareholder rights plan.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
business and overview overview we are a worldwide operator, franchisor, and licensor of hotels and timeshare properties in 122 countries and territories under 30 brand names. we also develop, operate, and market residential properties and provide services to home/condominium owner associations. under our business model, we typically manage or franchise hotels, rather than own them. we group our operations into three business segments: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and international.
we earn base management fees and in many cases incentive management fees from the properties that we manage, and we earn franchise fees on the properties that others operate under franchise agreements with us. in most markets, base fees typically consist of a percentage of property-level revenue while incentive fees typically consist of a percentage of net house profit adjusted for a specified owner return. in the middle east and asia, incentive fees typically consist of a percentage of gross operating profit without adjustment for a specified owner return. net house profit is calculated as gross operating profit (house profit) less non-controllable expenses such as insurance, real estate taxes, and capital spending reserves.
our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. this strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. in addition, we believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling the investments that we do make maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility.
we remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level ("above-property"). our brands remain strong as a result of skilled management teams, dedicated associates, superior customer service with an emphasis on guest and associate satisfaction, significant distribution, our loyalty programs, a multichannel reservations system, and desirable property amenities. we strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution.
we, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. we address, through various means, hotels in our system that do not meet standards. we continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements, and we expect to continue capturing an increasing proportion of property-level reservations via this cost-efficient channel.
our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. we also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas.
24
acquisition of starwood hotels & resorts worldwide on the merger date, we completed the starwood combination. our income statements reflect a net loss of $39 million for starwood's results of operations for the period from september 23, 2016 to december 31, 2016, including merger-related costs and charges, net of tax, of $194 million. the combination of our brands creates a more comprehensive portfolio, enhances our global market distribution, and provides opportunities for cost efficiencies. our combined company now operates or franchises over 6,000 properties with nearly 1.2 million rooms. see footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information.
performance measures we believe revenue per available room ("revpar"), which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. revpar may not be comparable to similarly titled measures, such as revenues. we also believe occupancy and average daily rate ("adr"), which are components of calculating revpar, are meaningful indicators of our performance. occupancy, which we calculate by dividing occupied rooms by total rooms available, measures the utilization of a property's available capacity. adr, which we calculate by dividing property room revenue by total rooms sold, measures average room price and is useful in assessing pricing levels.
our revpar statistics for 2016, and for 2016 compared to 2015, include legacy-starwood comparable properties for both full years even though marriott did not own the legacy-starwood brands before the starwood combination. therefore, our revpar statistics include legacy-starwood properties for periods during which fees from the legacy-starwood properties are not included in our income statements. we provide these revpar statistics as an indicator of the performance of our brands and to allow for comparison to industry metrics, and they should not be viewed as necessarily correlating with our fee revenue. our revpar statistics for 2015, and for 2015 compared to 2014, are for legacy-marriott comparable properties only, as marriott did not own the legacy-starwood brands at any time during that two-year period. for the properties located in countries that use currencies other than the u.s. dollar, the comparisons to the prior year period are on a constant u.s. dollar basis. we calculate constant dollar statistics by applying exchange rates for the current period to the prior comparable period.
we define our comparable properties as our properties, including those that we acquired through the starwood combination, that were open and operating under one of our legacy-marriott or legacy-starwood brands since the beginning of the last full calendar year (since january 1, 2015 for the current period), and have not, in either the current or previous year: (i) undergone significant room or public space renovations or expansions, (ii) been converted between company-operated and franchised, or (iii) sustained substantial property damage or business interruption. for 2016 compared to 2015, we had 3,698 comparable north american properties (including 483 legacy-starwood properties) and 965 comparable international properties (including 506 legacy-starwood properties). for 2015 compared to 2014, we had 3,077 comparable north american properties and 367 comparable international properties.
we also believe company-operated house profit margin, which is the ratio of property-level gross operating profit to total property-level revenue, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because this ratio measures our overall ability as the operator to produce property-level profits by generating sales and controlling the operating expenses over which we have the most direct control. house profit includes room, food and beverage, and other revenue and the related expenses including payroll and benefits expenses, as well as repairs and maintenance, utility, general and administrative, and sales and marketing expenses. house profit does not include the impact of management fees, furniture, fixtures and equipment replacement reserves, insurance, taxes, or other fixed expenses.
business trends our 2016 results reflected a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system, favorable demand for our brands in many markets around the world, and slow but steady economic growth. comparable worldwide systemwide revpar for 2016 increased 1.8 percent to $113.50, adr increased 1.0 percent on a constant dollar basis to $156.53, and occupancy increased 0.6 percentage points to 72.5 percent, compared to 2015.
in north america, 2016 lodging demand for our brands reflected increased transient business, driven by higher retail and government travel, but weaker premium-priced corporate transient demand. group business was higher in most of 2016 compared to 2015. revenue growth was constrained in certain markets by new lodging supply, weak demand from the oil and gas industries, the impact of the strong dollar on international travel to u.s. gateway markets, and moderate gdp growth. the 2017 group revenue pace for systemwide full-service hotels in north america was up more than two percent as of year-end 2016, compared to the 2016 group pace measured as of year-end 2015.
25
our europe region experienced higher demand in 2016 across most countries, led by spain, portugal and russia, partially constrained by weaker demand in france, belgium, and turkey following terrorism events in those countries. in our asia pacific region in 2016, revpar growth was strong in india and thailand, while revpar growth in china was constrained in hong kong and certain southern and tertiary china markets. middle east demand continued to be impacted by geopolitical instability, oversupply in dubai and qatar, and lower oil prices. in south africa, results were favorable in 2016, reflecting strong local demand and higher international tourism attracted by the weak south african rand. in the caribbean and latin america, growth from strong demand in mexico and the summer olympic games in rio de janeiro was offset by concerns relating to the zika virus in the caribbean and weak economic conditions in most markets in south america.
we monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. for our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements.
compared to 2015, worldwide comparable company-operated house profit margins in 2016 increased by 50 basis points and worldwide comparable company-operated house profit per available room ("hp-par") increased by 2.7 percent on a constant u.s. dollar basis, reflecting higher occupancy, rate increases, improved productivity, and solid cost controls primarily at our legacy-marriott properties. north american company-operated house profit margins increased by 70 basis points, and hp-par at those properties increased by 4.4 percent. international company-operated house profit margins increased by 20 basis points, and hp-par at those properties increased by 0.7 percent compared to 2015.
system growth and pipeline in 2016, we added 348 properties with 55,321 rooms, in addition to the 1,342 properties and 381,440 rooms gained with the starwood combination on the merger date. approximately 40 percent of the added rooms are located outside north america, and 18 percent are conversions from competitor brands. of the rooms gained with the starwood combination, approximately 50 percent are located outside north america. in 2016, 34 properties (5,691 rooms) exited our system.
at the end of 2016, including rooms under legacy-starwood brands, we had more than 420,000 hotel rooms in our development pipeline, which includes hotel rooms under construction and under signed contracts, and nearly 34,000 hotel rooms approved for development but not yet under signed contracts. more than half of the rooms in our development pipeline are outside north america.
we believe that we have access to sufficient financial resources to finance our growth, as well as to support our ongoing operations and meet debt service and other cash requirements. nonetheless, our ability to develop and update our brands and the ability of hotel developers to build or acquire new marriott-branded properties, both of which are important parts of our growth plan, depend in part on capital access, availability and cost for other hotel developers and third-party owners. these growth plans are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. see the "forward-looking statements" and "risks and uncertainties" captions earlier in this report and the "liquidity and capital resources" caption later in this report.
26
brand statistics the following brand statistics for 2016, and for 2016 compared to 2015, include legacy-starwood comparable properties for both full years even though marriott did not own the legacy-starwood brands before the starwood combination. the statistics for 2015, and for 2015 compared to 2014, are for legacy-marriott comparable properties only, as marriott did not own the legacy-starwood brands at any time during that two-year period.
2016 compared to 2015. the following tables present revpar, occupancy, and adr for comparable properties under our legacy-marriott and legacy-starwood brands in north america and in our international regions. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
comparable company-operated north american properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                                   change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
jw marriott                                      $187.02                 4.0         %      76.8    %          2.2       %   pts.           $243.57                   1.1         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $252.40                 3.6         %      71.9    %          1.0       %   pts.           $350.99                   2.2         %
w hotels                                         $239.94                (2.2        )%      81.7    %          0.2       %   pts.           $293.82                  (2.5        )%
composite north american luxury (1)              $242.10                 2.8         %      76.3    %          1.4       %   pts.           $317.13                   0.9         %
marriott hotels                                  $144.94                 2.4         %      75.4    %          0.7       %   pts.           $192.23                   1.4         %
sheraton                                         $149.49                 2.1         %      76.5    %         (0.5      )%   pts.           $195.40                   2.7         %
westin                                           $167.21                 0.9         %      77.4    %         (0.6      )%   pts.           $216.07                   1.7         %
composite north american upper upscale (2)       $149.92                 2.3         %      76.1    %          0.3       %   pts.           $196.98                   1.8         %
composite north american full-service (3)        $166.97                 2.4         %      76.2    %          0.5       %   pts.           $219.25                   1.7         %
courtyard                                        $103.65                 2.2         %      73.1    %          0.3       %   pts.           $141.83                   1.7         %
residence inn                                    $118.14                 3.8         %      79.0    %          0.6       %   pts.           $149.56                   3.0         %
composite north american limited-service (4)     $106.20                 2.8         %      75.0    %          0.5       %   pts.           $141.68                   2.1         %
composite north american - all                   $147.48                 2.5         %      75.8    %          0.5       %   pts.           $194.64                   1.8         %
comparable systemwide north american properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                                   change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
jw marriott                                      $178.91                 3.5         %      76.0    %          1.3       %   pts.           $235.47                   1.8         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $252.40                 3.6         %      71.9    %          1.0       %   pts.           $350.99                   2.2         %
w hotels                                         $239.94                (2.2        )%      81.7    %          0.2       %   pts.           $293.82                  (2.5        )%
composite north american luxury (1)              $231.99                 2.8         %      76.0    %          1.2       %   pts.           $305.36                   1.2         %
marriott hotels                                  $124.39                 2.0         %      72.4    %          0.3       %   pts.           $171.92                   1.5         %
sheraton                                         $115.58                 2.4         %      73.3    %          0.3       %   pts.           $157.73                   2.0         %
westin                                           $152.94                 2.4         %      76.9    %          0.1       %   pts.           $198.98                   2.3         %
composite north american upper upscale (2)       $130.44                 2.5         %      73.9    %          0.4       %   pts.           $176.52                   1.9         %
composite north american full-service (3)        $141.11                 2.6         %      74.1    %          0.5       %   pts.           $190.41                   1.9         %
courtyard                                        $101.49                 1.9         %      72.9    %            -       %   pts.           $139.24                   1.9         %
residence inn                                    $112.78                 2.4         %      79.0    %         (0.1      )%   pts.           $142.78                   2.6         %
fairfield inn &amp; suites                        $77.96                 1.2         %      70.1    %         (0.5      )%   pts.           $111.20                   1.9         %
composite north american limited-service (4)      $96.62                 2.0         %      74.2    %            -       %   pts.           $130.15                   2.0         %
composite north american - all                   $116.47                 2.3         %      74.2    %          0.2       %   pts.           $157.00                   2.0         %
(1)   includes jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, and edition.
(2)   includes marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, renaissance hotels, autograph collection hotels, gaylord hotels, le méridien, and tribute portfolio.
(3)   includes composite north american luxury and composite north american upper upscale.
(4)   includes courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, springhill suites, and towneplace suites. systemwide also includes four points, aloft hotels, and element hotels.
27
comparable company-operated international properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                    change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
greater china                      $89.17                 0.4         %      67.5    %          3.7       %   pts.           $132.16                  (5.1        )%
rest of asia pacific              $112.69                 3.7         %      75.2    %          3.0       %   pts.           $149.80                  (0.5        )%
asia pacific                       $97.08                 1.6         %      70.1    %          3.4       %   pts.           $138.52                  (3.4        )%
caribbean &amp; latin america     $139.69                 0.4         %      65.3    %         (0.9      )%   pts.           $213.99                   1.8         %
europe                            $124.87                 0.8         %      71.8    %         (0.5      )%   pts.           $173.84                   1.5         %
middle east &amp; africa          $106.49                (3.8        )%      64.6    %          0.6       %   pts.           $164.90                  (4.8        )%
total international (1)           $109.05                 0.3         %      69.2    %          1.6       %   pts.           $157.69                  (2.1        )%
worldwide (2)                     $128.37                 1.6         %      72.5    %          1.1       %   pts.           $177.11                   0.1         %
comparable systemwide international properties revpar                                   occupancy                               average daily rate
2016                                                    change vs. 2015           2016              change vs. 2015   2016                           change vs. 2015
greater china                      $89.33                 0.2         %      67.2    %          3.5       %   pts.           $132.92                  (5.1        )%
rest of asia pacific              $114.07                 4.0         %      74.4    %          2.4       %   pts.           $153.35                   0.7         %
asia pacific                       $99.50                 2.0         %      70.2    %          3.1       %   pts.           $141.82                  (2.5        )%
caribbean &amp; latin america     $116.98                (0.4        )%      63.5    %            -       %   pts.           $184.29                  (0.3        )%
europe                            $114.62                 1.4         %      70.6    %          0.1       %   pts.           $162.34                   1.3         %
middle east &amp; africa          $102.09                (3.5        )%      64.2    %          0.4       %   pts.           $159.12                  (4.1        )%
total international (1)           $106.39                 0.7         %      68.5    %          1.4       %   pts.           $155.31                  (1.5        )%
worldwide (2)                     $113.50                 1.8         %      72.5    %          0.6       %   pts.           $156.53                   1.0         %
(1)   includes jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, edition, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, renaissance hotels, autograph collection hotels, protea hotels, le méridien, courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, four points, aloft hotels, and ac hotels by marriott. systemwide also includes element hotels and moxy hotels.
(2)   includes jw marriott, the ritz-carlton, w hotels, the luxury collection, st. regis, edition, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, marriott hotels, sheraton, westin, renaissance hotels, autograph collection hotels, protea hotels, gaylord hotels, le méridien, tribute portfolio, courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, springhill suites, towneplace suites, four points, aloft hotels, and ac hotels by marriott. systemwide also includes element hotels and moxy hotels.
28
2015 compared to 2014. the following tables present revpar, occupancy, and adr for comparable properties under our legacy-marriott brands in north america and in our international regions. systemwide statistics include data from our franchised properties, in addition to our company-operated properties.
comparable company-operated north american properties revpar                                      occupancy                               average daily rate legacy-marriott                                          2015          change vs. 2014           2015          change vs. 2014          2015                           change vs. 2014
marriott hotels                                  $147.33                 4.7         %      75.4    %            0.6         %   pts.          $195.28                   3.8         %
renaissance hotels                               $136.91                 5.5         %      75.2    %            0.8         %   pts.          $182.13                   4.4         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $259.41                 2.7         %      72.1    %           (0.1        )%   pts.          $359.92                   2.9         %
composite north american full-service (1)        $157.10                 4.3         %      74.9    %            0.6         %   pts.          $209.72                   3.5         %
courtyard                                        $101.18                 6.3         %      72.8    %            0.7         %   pts.          $139.08                   5.2         %
springhill suites                                 $95.21                 7.5         %      76.0    %            1.6         %   pts.          $125.24                   5.1         %
residence inn                                    $112.33                 6.5         %      78.5    %            0.4         %   pts.          $143.14                   6.0         %
towneplace suites                                 $74.83                 8.3         %      72.7    %            0.1         %   pts.          $102.99                   8.2         %
composite north american limited-service (2)     $102.76                 6.5         %      74.5    %            0.7         %   pts.          $137.92                   5.5         %
composite north american - all                   $134.18                 5.0         %      74.7    %            0.6         %   pts.          $179.53                   4.2         %
comparable systemwide north american properties revpar                                      occupancy                               average daily rate legacy-marriott                                          2015          change vs. 2014           2015          change vs. 2014          2015                           change vs. 2014
marriott hotels                                  $127.52                 5.0         %      72.6    %            0.6         %   pts.          $175.53                   4.2         %
renaissance hotels                               $121.20                 5.4         %      73.9    %            0.8         %   pts.          $164.02                   4.3         %
autograph collection hotels                      $178.16                 3.5         %      77.5    %            1.1         %   pts.          $229.90                   1.9         %
the ritz-carlton                                 $259.41                 2.7         %      72.1    %           (0.1        )%   pts.          $359.92                   2.9         %
composite north american full-service (1)        $136.95                 4.6         %      73.1    %            0.6         %   pts.          $187.40                   3.8         %
courtyard                                         $99.88                 6.1         %      73.1    %            0.8         %   pts.          $136.58                   5.0         %
fairfield inn &amp; suites                        $76.70                 4.7         %      70.6    %            0.3         %   pts.          $108.71                   4.2         %
springhill suites                                 $88.80                 5.2         %      74.8    %            0.3         %   pts.          $118.64                   4.8         %
residence inn                                    $110.75                 5.5         %      79.4    %            0.1         %   pts.          $139.51                   5.3         %
towneplace suites                                 $76.15                 5.0         %      74.8    %            0.3         %   pts.          $101.83                   4.6         %
composite north american limited-service (2)      $94.99                 5.6         %      74.4    %            0.5         %   pts.          $127.65                   4.9         %
composite north american - all                   $109.83                 5.2         %      73.9    %            0.5         %   pts.          $148.53                   4.5         %
(1)   includes the ritz-carlton, marriott hotels, renaissance hotels, and gaylord hotels. systemwide also includes autograph collection hotels.
(2)   includes courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, springhill suites, and towneplace suites.
29
comparable company-operated international properties revpar                                      occupancy                               average daily rate legacy-marriott                           2015          change vs. 2014           2015          change vs. 2014          2015                           change vs. 2014
caribbean &amp; latin america     $179.58                 5.2         %      72.4    %            0.2         %   pts.          $248.05                   4.9         %
europe                            $131.43                 6.5         %      75.9    %            1.7         %   pts.          $173.07                   4.1         %
middle east &amp; africa          $110.85                 0.9         %      61.2    %            2.7         %   pts.          $181.16                  (3.5        )%
asia pacific                      $114.00                 4.7         %      74.1    %            3.4         %   pts.          $153.83                     -         %
total international (1)           $128.50                 5.0         %      72.9    %            2.3         %   pts.          $176.24                   1.7         %
worldwide (2)                     $132.30                 5.0         %      74.1    %            1.2         %   pts.          $178.46                   3.4         %
comparable systemwide international properties revpar                                      occupancy                               average daily rate legacy-marriott                           2015          change vs. 2014           2015          change vs. 2014          2015                           change vs. 2014
caribbean &amp; latin america     $148.86                 4.1         %      70.7    %            0.6         %   pts.          $210.46                   3.3         %
europe                            $124.59                 6.2         %      74.3    %            1.5         %   pts.          $167.63                   4.0         %
middle east &amp; africa          $109.80                 1.6         %      61.6    %            2.8         %   pts.          $178.37                  (3.0        )%
asia pacific                      $115.77                 5.5         %      74.6    %            3.2         %   pts.          $155.24                   0.9         %
total international (1)           $124.13                 5.1         %      72.5    %            2.1         %   pts.          $171.20                   2.1         %
worldwide (2)                     $112.25                 5.2         %      73.7    %            0.8         %   pts.          $152.30                   4.1         %
(1)   includes the ritz-carlton, edition, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, marriott hotels, renaissance hotels, autograph collection hotels, courtyard, residence inn, and fairfield inn &amp; suites.
(2)   includes the ritz-carlton, edition, bulgari hotels &amp; resorts, marriott hotels, renaissance hotels, autograph collection hotels, gaylord hotels, courtyard, residence inn, fairfield inn &amp; suites, springhill suites, and towneplace suites.
consolidated results the following discussion presents an analysis of our consolidated revenues, operating income, and non-operating income for 2016, 2015, and 2014. in accordance with gaap, we include the business that we acquired in the starwood combination starting from the merger date through year-end 2016.
revenues
2016 compared to 2015. the table below presents the impact of the starwood combination starting from the merger date, with additional information on the factors attributable to our legacy-marriott brands discussed following the table.
($ in millions)                             2016                2015           change 2016 vs. 2015            change due to starwood                    change excluding starwood impact base management fees                    $806                $698                      $108                             $103                            $5                       1       %
franchise fees                           988                 853                       135                               87                            48                       6       %
incentive management fees                425                 319                       106                               72                            34                      11       %
2,219               1,870                       349                              262                            87
owned, leased, and other revenue       1,307                 986                       321                              296                            25                       3       %
cost reimbursements                   13,546              11,630                     1,916                            1,348                           568                       5       %
$17,072             $14,486                    $2,586                           $1,906                          $680
the $5 million increase in base management fees for legacy-marriott operations primarily reflected the impact of stronger sales at existing properties ($22 million) and unit growth across our system ($15 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($15 million), lower deferred fee recognition ($11 million), and lower fees from properties that converted from managed to franchised ($8 million).
30
the $48 million increase in franchise fees for legacy-marriott operations reflected the impact of unit growth across our system ($48 million), stronger sales at existing properties ($16 million), and higher fees from properties that converted from managed to franchised ($11 million), partially offset by lower relicensing fees ($22 million) and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($7 million).
the $34 million increase in incentive management fees for legacy-marriott operations reflected higher net house profit and unit growth, higher incentive fees earned from a few limited-service portfolios ($10 million), and higher deferred fee recognition ($8 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($7 million).
in 2016, 69 percent of our legacy-marriott managed properties paid incentive management fees to us versus 68 percent in 2015. in north america, 65 percent of legacy-marriott managed properties paid incentive fees in 2016 compared to 63 percent in 2015. outside north america, 74 percent of legacy-marriott managed properties paid incentive fees in both 2016 and 2015, representing 48 percent of our total incentive management fees in 2016 from legacy-marriott managed properties compared to 51 percent of our total fees in 2015.
the $25 million increase in owned, leased, and other revenue for legacy-marriott operations reflected $38 million of higher other revenue predominantly from branding fees, partially offset by $13 million of lower owned and leased revenue. the decrease in owned and leased revenue primarily reflected lower revenues from properties that converted to managed ($60 million) and the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($15 million), partially offset by improved sales from several properties following renovations ($29 million), stronger sales at other existing properties across our segments ($28 million), and favorable results at two new owned properties ($9 million).
cost reimbursements revenue represents reimbursements of costs incurred on behalf of managed and franchised properties and relates, predominantly, to payroll costs at managed properties where we are the employer but also includes reimbursements for other costs, such as those associated with our loyalty programs, reservations, and marketing programs. as we record cost reimbursements based upon costs incurred with no added markup, this revenue and related expense has no impact on either our operating or net income. the $568 million increase in cost reimbursements revenue for legacy-marriott operations reflected the impact of higher property occupancies, unit growth across our system, and growth in the marriott rewards program membership and activity.
2015 compared to 2014. the following discussion presents our analysis of our revenues for 2015 compared to 2014.
($ in millions)                             2015                2014           change 2015 vs. 2014         percentage change 2015 vs. 2014
base management fees                    $698                $672                       $26                              4   %
franchise fees                           853                 745                       108                             14   %
incentive management fees                319                 302                        17                              6   %
1,870               1,719                       151
owned, leased, and other revenue         986               1,022                       (36        )                    (4   )%
cost reimbursements                   11,630              11,055                       575                              5   %
$14,486             $13,796                      $690
the $26 million increase in base management fees reflected stronger revpar ($29 million) and the impact of unit growth across our system ($25 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($11 million), lower fees due to properties that converted from managed to franchised ($7 million), and decreased recognition of previously deferred fees ($8 million).
the $108 million increase in total franchise fees reflected the impact of unit growth across our system ($55 million), stronger revpar due to increased demand ($31 million), increased relicensing and application fees ($22 million), and higher fees from properties that converted to franchised from managed ($7 million), partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates ($7 million).
the $17 million increase in incentive management fees reflected higher revpar and house profit margins primarily at company-managed north american properties, particularly at a few large portfolios of managed hotels whose improved net house profits allowed them to reach their owners priority threshold and begin to record incentive fees. higher incentive fees also reflected the addition of hotels included in the delta hotels acquisition, partially offset by $15 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates and $7 million of lower incentive fees from properties under renovation.
in 2015, 68 percent of our managed properties paid incentive management fees to us versus 50 percent in 2014. managed properties that paid incentive management fees in 2015 represented 63 percent of properties in north america and 74 percent outside of north america, compared to 36 percent in north america and 73 percent outside of north america in 2014. the
31
percentage of north american properties that paid incentive management fees to us increased compared to 2014 primarily due to a few large north american limited-service portfolios of properties that paid incentive management fees in 2015 but did not do so in 2014. in addition, in 2015, 51 percent of our incentive fees came from properties outside of north america versus 56 percent in 2014.
the $36 million decrease in owned, leased, and other revenue reflected $44 million of lower owned and leased revenue, partially offset by $8 million in higher other revenue predominantly from branding fees and hotel service programs that we acquired as part of our acquisition of protea hotels in the 2014 second quarter. lower owned and leased revenue reflected net weaker performance impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, a decrease of $27 million attributable to properties that converted to managed or franchised or left our system, and $16 million net unfavorable impact of properties under renovation, partially offset by increases of $10 million from protea hotel leases we acquired in the 2014 second quarter and $6 million from the miami beach edition hotel, which opened in the 2014 fourth quarter and which we subsequently sold in the 2015 first quarter as discussed in footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions."
the $575 million increase in total cost reimbursements revenue reflected the impact of higher occupancies and growth across our system. in 2015, our managed rooms increased by 12,668 rooms and our franchised rooms increased by 31,883 rooms, net of rooms at hotels exiting our system.
operating income
2016 compared to 2015. operating income increased by $18 million to $1,368 million in 2016 from $1,350 million in 2015. the increase in operating income reflected a $349 million increase in fee revenue, which we discuss in the preceding "revenues" section, a $386 million increase in merger-related costs and charges which we discuss in footnote 4 "merger-related costs and charges," as well as the following changes. the table below presents the impact of the starwood combination starting from the merger date, with additional information on the factors attributable to our legacy-marriott brands discussed following the table.
($ in millions)                                      2016              2015           change 2016 vs. 2015            change due to starwood                   change excluding starwood impact owned, leased, and other revenue               $1,307              $986                      $321                             $296                          $25                       3   %
owned, leased, and other - direct expense         900               733                       167                              207                          (40       )              (5   )%
407                                                                 253                       154                               89                           65                      26   %
depreciation, amortization, and other             168               139                        29                               43                          (14       )             (10   )%
general, administrative, and other                704               634                        70                               79                           (9       )              (1   )%
owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses for legacy-marriott operations increased by $65 million. the increase was largely attributable to $39 million in higher branding fees and $25 million of higher owned and leased revenue, net of direct expenses. the $25 million of higher owned and leased revenue, net of direct expenses primarily reflected $17 million of net stronger performance at several properties following renovations, $15 million overall favorable results across our segments, and $4 million of lower pre-opening costs, partially offset by $10 million of lower profits from properties that converted from owned to managed.
depreciation, amortization, and other expense for legacy-marriott operations decreased by $14 million. the decrease primarily reflected a favorable variance to the 2015 impairment charges on the edition hotels ($12 million) and corporate equipment ($4 million).
general, administrative, and other expenses for legacy-marriott operations decreased by $9 million. the decrease primarily reflected $15 million in lower reserves for guarantee funding, and $9 million in lower foreign exchange losses, partially offset by $15 million of higher administrative costs to grow our brands globally, $4 million of higher bad debt reserves, and $3 million net unfavorable impact to our legal expenses associated with 2015 litigation resolutions.
32
2015 compared to 2014. operating income increased by $191 million to $1,350 million in 2015 from $1,159 million in 2014. the increase in operating income reflected a $151 million increase in fee revenue, which we discuss in the preceding "revenues" section, as well as the following changes.
($ in millions)                                    2015                2014          change 2015 vs. 2014        percentage change 2015 vs. 2014
owned, leased, and other revenue               $986              $1,022                     $(36        )                   (4   )%
owned, leased, and other - direct expense       733                 775                      (42        )                   (5   )%
253                                                                 247                        6            2                    %
depreciation, amortization, and other           139                 148                       (9        )                   (6   )%
general, administrative, and other              634                 659                      (25        )                   (4   )%
the $6 million increase in owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses was largely attributable to $4 million in higher branding fees. owned and leased revenue, net of direct expenses was unchanged as stronger results at several of our international properties, including $4 million of lower lease payments for properties that moved to managed, franchised, or left our system, were offset by $10 million of weaker performance due to renovations.
the $9 million decrease in depreciation, amortization, and other expense reflected a $25 million favorable variance to the 2014 impairment charge on the edition hotels, partially offset by the 2015 impairment charges of $6 million for the miami beach edition residences and $6 million for the new york (madison square park) edition and a $4 million impairment charge on corporate equipment.
the $25 million decrease in general, administrative, and other expenses largely reflected a $28 million net favorable impact to our legal expenses associated with litigation resolutions, $24 million of development costs that we deferred in 2015 related to our growing franchise pipeline, and $5 million in lower foreign exchange losses compared to the 2014 devaluation of assets denominated in venezuelan bolivars, partially offset by $20 million of higher costs incurred to grow our brands globally, $5 million of transaction costs related to the starwood combination, and $5 million from the delta hotels acquisition.
non-operating income (expense) and income taxes
2016 compared to 2015. the table below presents the impact of the starwood combination starting from the merger date, with additional information on the factors attributable to our legacy-marriott brands discussed following the table.
($ in millions)                      2016              2015          change 2016 vs. 2015           change due to starwood                   change excluding starwood impact gains and other income, net        $5               $27                     $(22        )                     $1                         $(23       )             (85      )%
interest expense                 (234   )          (167   )                   67                              15                           52                      31       %
interest income                    35                29                        6                               2                            4                      14       %
equity in earnings                 10                16                       (6        )                      5                          (11       )             (69      )%
provision for income taxes       (404   )          (396   )                    8                               4                            4                       1       %
gains and other income, net for legacy-marriott operations decreased by $23 million primarily due to the net gain that we recorded in the prior year, which consisted of a $41 million gain on the redemption of a preferred equity ownership interest, partially offset by an $11 million disposal loss for an international property and a $4 million disposal loss for a north american limited-service segment plot of land.
interest expense for legacy-marriott operations, including interest expense on debt incurred for the starwood combination, increased by $52 million. the increase was primarily due to a net increase in senior notes interest expense ($18 million) from the issuances of series q through w notes in 2016 and series o and p notes in 2015, partially offset by the maturities of series h notes in 2016 and series g notes in 2015. the remaining increase is primarily due to the amortization of costs for a bridge term loan facility commitment that we obtained in the 2016 first quarter ($13 million), net lower capitalized interest primarily as a result of the completion of the new york (madison square park) edition in 2015 ($9 million), and higher interest rates on commercial paper borrowings ($7 million).
interest income for legacy-marriott operations increased by $4 million primarily due to higher interest income on a loan that we provided to an owner in conjunction with entering into a franchise agreement for a north american limited-service property in the 2015 fourth quarter ($8 million), partially offset by lower interest income on two repaid loans ($6 million).
equity in earnings for legacy-marriott operations decreased by $11 million primarily reflecting a net unfavorable variance to three adjustments recorded in 2015, which consisted of a reversal of a litigation reserve ($11 million) and a
33
reduction of an international investee's liabilities ($5 million), partially offset by an impairment charge on an international joint venture ($6 million).
provision for income taxes for legacy-marriott operations increased by $4 million primarily due to tax rate changes in several jurisdictions ($12 million), higher earnings from foreign operations ($6 million), and an unfavorable comparison to 2015 u.s. and foreign true-ups ($5 million), partially offset by lower u.s. earnings due to merger-related expenses ($11 million) and the release of a valuation allowance ($8 million).
2015 compared to 2014. the following discussion presents our analysis of our revenues for 2015 compared to 2014.
($ in millions)                      2015              2014          change 2015 vs. 2014         percentage change 2015 vs. 2014
gains and other income, net       $27                $8                      $19                            238                 %
interest expense                 (167   )          (115   )                   52                             45                 %
interest income                    29                30                       (1        )                    (3                )%
equity in earnings                 16                 6                       10                            167                 %
provision for income taxes       (396   )          (335   )                   61                             18                 %
gains and other income, net increased by $19 million. the increase primarily reflects the $41 million gain on the redemption of our preferred equity ownership interest. the increase was partially offset by an $11 million disposal loss for an international property and a $4 million expected disposal loss for a north american limited-service segment plot of land.
interest expense increased by $52 million. the increase was due to net lower capitalized interest expense as a result of the completion of the miami beach edition in the 2014 fourth quarter and the new york (madison square park) edition in the 2015 second quarter ($25 million), interest on the series o notes and series p notes that we issued in the 2015 third quarter and the series n notes that we issued in the 2014 fourth quarter ($17 million), and an unfavorable variance to the 2014 debt premium accretion true-up ($7 million).
interest income decreased by $1 million. this decrease was primarily due to lower interest income on the preferred equity ownership interest that was redeemed in the 2015 second quarter ($5 million), partially offset by higher interest income on the $85 million mezzanine loan (net of a $15 million discount) we provided to an owner in conjunction with entering into a franchise agreement for an international property in the 2014 second quarter ($5 million).
equity in earnings increased by $10 million. the increase reflects a $22 million year-over-year impact from the reversal in 2015 of an $11 million litigation reserve that was recorded in 2014 and associated with an equity investment and a $5 million benefit recorded in 2015 following an adjustment to an international investee's liabilities. the increase was partially offset by a $6 million impairment charge relating to an international joint venture and an unfavorable variance to a $9 million benefit recorded in 2014 for two of our international investments following the reversal of their liabilities associated with a tax law change in a country in which they operate.
our provision for income taxes increased by $61 million. the increase was primarily due to higher pre-tax earnings and unfavorable comparisons to the 2014 resolution of a u.s. federal tax issue relating to a guest marketing program, the 2014 release of an international valuation allowance, and the 2014 resolution of an international financing activity tax issue. the increase was partially offset by a favorable irs settlement relating to share-based compensation ($12 million), a tax benefit from an international property disposition ($7 million), and a favorable comparison to the 2014 tax on unrealized foreign exchange gains that were taxed within a foreign jurisdiction ($5 million).
business segments we are a diversified global lodging company with operations in three reportable business segments: north american full-service, north american limited-service, and international. see footnote 18 "business segments" to our financial statements for other information about each segment, including revenues and a reconciliation of segment profits to net income.
34
properties and rooms by segment at year-end 2016, we operated, franchised, and licensed the following properties by segment and brand:
managed                       franchised / licensed                          owned/leased                            other (1)                                  total properties              rooms          properties                   rooms          properties        rooms               properties       rooms               properties              rooms north american full-service jw marriott                               15                 9,695               10                    4,469                  -                -                    -               -                   25                14,164
the ritz-carlton                          39                11,410                1                      429                  -                -                    -               -                   40                11,839
the ritz-carlton residences               34                 4,733                1                       55                  -                -                    -               -                   35                 4,788
w hotels                                  25                 7,729                -                        -                  1                  509                -               -                   26                 8,238
the luxury collection                      5                 2,294                9                    1,863                  -                -                    -               -                   14                 4,157
st. regis                                  9                 1,725                -                        -                  1                  238                -               -                   10                 1,963
edition                                    2                   567                -                        -                  -                -                    -               -                    2                   567
edition residences                         1                    25                -                        -                  -                -                    -               -                    1                    25
marriott hotels                          131                68,440              210                   65,271                  4                2,102                -               -                  345               135,813
sheraton                                  31                23,654              162                   48,025                  3                2,671                -               -                  196                74,350
westin                                    48                25,173               75                   24,700                  2                1,832                -               -                  125                51,705
renaissance hotels                        26                11,625               57                   16,103                  1                  310                -               -                   84                28,038
le méridien                                4                   720               16                    3,753                  -                -                    -               -                   20                 4,473
autograph collection hotels                3                 1,065               61                   13,234                  -                -                    -               -                   64                14,299
delta hotels                              25                 6,764               12                    3,020                  -                -                    -               -                   37                 9,784
gaylord hotels                             5                 8,098                -                        -                  -                -                    -               -                    5                 8,098
tribute portfolio                          -                     -               12                    4,541                  1                  135                -               -                   13                 4,676
total north american full-service        403               183,717              626                  185,463                 13                7,797                -               -                1,042               376,977
north american limited-service courtyard                                256                40,821              686                   91,559                 19                2,816                -               -                  961               135,196
residence inn                            114                17,155              611                   71,718                  1                  192                -               -                  726                89,065
fairfield inn &amp; suites                 6                 1,432              822                   75,000                  -                -                    -               -                  828                76,432
springhill suites                         30                 4,854              329                   37,672                  -                -                    -               -                  359                42,526
four points                                1                   134              131                   19,996                  -                -                    -               -                  132                20,130
towneplace suites                         15                 1,740              286                   28,512                  -                -                    -               -                  301                30,252
aloft hotels                               1                   330               80                   11,766                  -                -                    -               -                   81                12,096
ac hotels by marriott                      -                     -                -                        -                  -                -                   11               1,913               11                 1,913
element hotels                             1                   180               19                    2,813                  -                -                    -               -                   20                 2,993
moxy hotels                                -                     -                2                      294                  -                -                    -               -                    2                   294
total north american limited-service     424                66,646            2,966                  339,330                 20                3,008               11               1,913            3,421               410,897
35
managed                       franchised / licensed                           owned/leased                             other (1)                                    total properties              rooms          properties                   rooms          properties        rooms                properties       rooms                properties                rooms international jw marriott                               47                18,925                7                    1,742                  1                   496                -               -                    55                  21,163
the ritz-carlton                          51                14,474                -                        -                  2                   553                -               -                    53                  15,027
the ritz-carlton residences                8                   416                -                        -                  -                -                     -               -                     8                     416
the ritz-carlton serviced apartments       5                   697                -                        -                  -                -                     -               -                     5                     697
w hotels                                  23                 5,242                -                        -                  2                   665                -               -                    25                   5,907
the luxury collection                     47                 8,272               33                    6,387                  3                   468                -               -                    83                  15,127
st. regis                                 27                 6,049                -                        -                  1                   160                -               -                    28                   6,209
edition                                    2                   699                -                        -                  -                -                     -               -                     2                     699
bulgari hotels &amp; resorts               2                   117                1                       85                  -                -                     -               -                     3                     202
bulgari residences                         1                     5                -                        -                  -                -                     -               -                     1                       5
marriott hotels                          154                44,547               43                   12,491                  4                1,445                 -               -                   201                  58,483
sheraton                                 188                64,088               59                   17,519                  6                2,867                 -               -                   253                  84,474
westin                                    68                21,964               23                    7,334                  1                   246                -               -                    92                  29,544
renaissance hotels                        50                16,171               26                    7,168                  3                   749                -               -                    79                  24,088
le méridien                               75                20,952               11                    2,873                  -                -                     -               -                    86                  23,825
autograph collection hotels                4                   670               38                    9,622                  -                -                     5           348                      47                  10,640
marriott executive apartments             28                 4,195                -                        -                  -                -                     -               -                    28                   4,195
tribute portfolio                          3                   515                6                      282                  -                -                     -               -                     9                     797
courtyard                                 78                16,470               56                   10,745                  3                   644                -               -                   137                  27,859
residence inn                              5                   517                2                      200                  1                   140                -               -                     8                     857
fairfield inn &amp; suites                10                 1,588                2                      386                  -                -                     -               -                    12                   1,974
four points                               58                14,533               37                    6,010                  -                -                     -               -                    95                  20,543
aloft hotels                              23                 5,694               12                    1,925                  -                -                     -               -                    35                   7,619
ac hotels by marriott                      -                     -                -                        -                  -                -                    84               10,845               84                  10,845
protea hotels                             36                 4,201               51                    3,550                 10                1,601                 -               -                    97                   9,352
element hotels                             1                   188                2                      293                  -                -                     -               -                     3                     481
moxy hotels                                -                     -                5                    1,000                  -                -                     -               -                     5                   1,000
total international                      994               271,189              414                   89,612                 37                10,034               89               11,193            1,534                 382,028
timeshare                                  -                     -               83                   20,702                  -                -                     -               -                    83                  20,702
total                                  1,821               521,552            4,089                  635,107                 70                20,839              100               13,106            6,080               1,190,604
(1)   other represents unconsolidated equity method investments, which we present in the "equity in earnings" caption of our income statements.
36
north american full-service
2016 compared to 2015
in 2016, across our north american full-service segment we added 424 properties (154,521 rooms), including 398 properties (147,623 rooms) from the starwood combination on the merger date, and two properties (213 rooms) left our system.
the table below presents the impact of the starwood combination starting from the merger date, with additional information on the factors attributable to our legacy-marriott brands discussed following the table.
($ in millions)             2016   2015                    change 2016 vs. 2015        change due to starwood                change excluding starwood impact segment revenues     $10,376              $8,825                $1,551                       $1,215                      $336                       4       %
segment profits         $777                $561                  $216                         $110                      $106                      19       %
the $106 million increase in segment profits for legacy-marriott operations was driven by $40 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, $37 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $17 million of higher incentive management fees, $11 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses, $1 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense, and $1 million of higher equity in earnings, partially offset by $1 million of lower gains and other income, net.
higher base management and franchise fees for legacy-marriott operations were primarily due to $30 million of stronger revpar and unit growth. increased incentive management fees for legacy-marriott operations were primarily driven by higher net house profits at managed hotels.
higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses for legacy-marriott operations primarily reflected $21 million of higher branding fees, $10 million of favorable operating results at several properties, and $6 million of lower pre-opening costs.
lower general, administrative, and other expenses for legacy-marriott operations were primarily due to $6 million of lower reserves for guarantee funding and $5 million of lower administrative costs.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our legacy-marriott north american full-service segment properties totaled $8,161 million in 2016, compared to $7,911 million in 2015.
2015 compared to 2014
($ in millions)             2015   2014                             change 2015 vs. 2014
segment revenues      $8,825              $8,323            $502                 6     %
segment profits         $561                $524             $37                 7     %
in 2015, across our north american full-service segment we added 57 properties (15,345 rooms), including 37 properties (9,590 rooms) from the delta hotels acquisition, and five properties (1,398 rooms) left our system.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, revpar for comparable systemwide north american full-service properties increased by 4.6 percent to $136.95, occupancy for these properties increased by 0.6 percentage points to 73.1 percent, and average daily rates increased by 3.8 percent to $187.40.
the $37 million increase in segment profits, compared to 2014, was driven by $44 million of higher base management and franchise fees and $10 million of higher incentive management fees, partially offset by $6 million of lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, $4 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, $4 million of lower gains and other income, net, and $3 million of higher depreciation, amortization, and other expense.
base management and franchise fees were higher due to stronger revpar driven by rate and unit growth, partially offset by $5 million of contract modifications and terminations. increased incentive management fees were primarily driven by higher net house profits at managed hotels.
lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses primarily reflected $8 million of weaker performance at a north american full-service property under renovation.
37
general, administrative, and other expenses were higher due to $5 million from the delta hotels acquisition and $2 million in higher reserves for guarantee funding, partially offset by $3 million of other property expenses incurred in 2014.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our north american full-service segment properties totaled $7,911 million in 2015, compared to $7,465 million in 2014.
north american limited-service
2016 compared to 2015
in 2016, across our north american limited-service segment we added 451 properties (60,637 rooms), including 226 properties (34,294 rooms) from the starwood combination on the merger date, and 8 properties (880 rooms) left our system.
the table below presents the impact of the starwood combination starting from the merger date, with additional information on the factors attributable to our legacy-marriott brands discussed following the table.
($ in millions)             2016   2015                    change 2016 vs. 2015        change due to starwood                change excluding starwood impact segment revenues      $3,561              $3,193                  $368                          $58                      $310                      10       %
segment profits         $698                $651                   $47                           $9                       $38                       6       %
the $38 million increase in segment profits for legacy-marriott operations, compared to 2015, reflected $14 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $10 million of higher incentive management fees, $5 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses, $4 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, $3 million of higher gains and other income, net, and $2 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense.
base management and franchise fees for legacy-marriott operations were higher primarily reflecting $50 million from new units and stronger revpar, partially offset by $24 million of lower relicensing fees and an $11 million decrease in deferred fee recognition. increased incentive management fees for legacy-marriott operations were primarily driven by $10 million of higher incentive fees earned from a few limited-service portfolios.
higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses primarily reflected higher net earnings at several leased and owned properties.
lower general, administrative, and other expenses for legacy-marriott operations were primarily due to $7 million of lower reserves for guarantee funding.
higher gains and other income, net for legacy-marriott operations primarily reflected a favorable variance to the $4 million prior year disposal loss for a north american limited-service segment plot of land.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our legacy-marriott north american limited-service segment properties totaled $2,646 million in 2016, compared to $2,366 million in 2015.
2015 compared to 2014
($ in millions)             2015   2014                             change 2015 vs. 2014
segment revenues      $3,193              $2,962            $231                 8     %
segment profits         $651                $574             $77                13     %
in 2015, across our north american limited-service segment we added 173 properties (19,712 rooms) and 26 properties (2,820 rooms) left our system. the majority of the properties that left our system were fairfield inn & suites and residence inn properties.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, revpar for comparable systemwide north american limited-service properties increased by 5.6 percent to $94.99, occupancy for these properties increased by 0.5 percentage points to 74.4 percent, and average daily rates increased by 4.9 percent to $127.65.
the $77 million increase in segment profits, compared to 2014, reflected $73 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $13 million of higher incentive management fees, $2 million of lower general, administrative, and other expenses, and $1 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense, partially offset by $5 million of lower owned,
38
leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, $4 million of lower gains and other income, net, and $3 million of lower equity in earnings.
base management and franchise fees were higher due to unit growth and stronger room rates, including $19 million of higher franchise licensing and application fees, partially offset by a $5 million reduction in previously deferred fees and $3 million of contract terminations. increased incentive management fees were primarily driven by a few large portfolios of managed hotels whose improved net house profits allowed them to reach their owners' priority threshold and begin to record incentive fees.
lower owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses primarily reflected $7 million of lower termination fees, partially offset by $3 million of higher net earnings at several leased properties.
gains and other income, net were lower due to a $4 million expected disposal loss on a plot of land. see footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information.
lower equity in earnings was driven by the redemption of our investment in an entity that owns two hotels.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our north american limited-service segment properties totaled $2,366 million in 2015, compared to $2,217 million in 2014.
international
2016 compared to 2015
in 2016, across our international regions we added 789 properties (213,683 rooms), including 696 properties (191,841 rooms) from the starwood combination on the merger date, and 23 properties (4,082 rooms) left our system.
the table below presents the impact of the starwood combination starting from the merger date, with additional information on the factors attributable to our legacy-marriott brands discussed following the table.
($ in millions)             2016   2015                    change 2016 vs. 2015        change due to starwood                change excluding starwood impact segment revenues      $2,636              $2,200                  $436                         $399                       $37                       2       %
segment profits         $407                $292                  $115                         $111                        $4                       1       %
the $4 million increase in segment profits for legacy-marriott operations, compared to 2015, consisted of $12 million of higher gains and other income, net, $7 million of higher incentive management fees, $1 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $1 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, and $1 million of higher equity in earnings, partially offset by $16 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, and $2 million of higher depreciation, amortization, and other expense.
higher base management and franchise fees for legacy-marriott operations were due to $19 million of stronger revpar and unit growth, partially offset by the impact of $17 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates. the increase in incentive management fees for legacy-marriott operations was primarily due to an $8 million increase in deferred fee recognition and $5 million from new managed properties, partially offset by the impact of $7 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates.
higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses for legacy-marriott operations largely reflected $13 million net stronger performance at several properties following renovations, partially offset by $9 million from a property that converted from owned to managed.
higher general, administrative, and other expenses for legacy-marriott operations were primarily due to a $12 million increase in administrative costs to grow our brands globally and a $5 million increase in property expenses.
higher gains and other income, net for legacy-marriott operations was primarily due to an $11 million prior year disposal loss for an international property.
higher equity in earnings for legacy-marriott operations primarily reflected a net unfavorable variance to two adjustments recorded in 2015, which consisted of a reduction of an international investee's liabilities ($5 million) and an impairment charge on an international joint venture ($6 million).
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our legacy-marriott international properties totaled $1,344 million in 2016, compared to $1,282 million in 2015.
39
2015 compared to 2014
($ in millions)             2015   2014                change 2015 vs. 2014
segment revenues      $2,200              $2,255       $(55        )            (2   )%
segment profits         $292                $295       $(3         )            (1   )%
in 2015, across our international regions we added 70 properties (16,490 rooms) and 20 properties (2,110 rooms) left our system.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, revpar for comparable systemwide international properties increased by 5.1 percent to $124.13, occupancy for these properties increased by 2.1 percentage points to 72.5 percent, and average daily rates increased by 2.1 percent to $171.20.
the $3 million decrease in segment profits in 2015, compared to 2014, consisted of $12 million of lower gains and other income, net, $9 million of lower equity in earnings, $6 million of lower incentive management fees, and $4 million of higher general, administrative, and other expenses, partially offset by $18 million of higher base management and franchise fees, $8 million of higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses, and $2 million of lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense.
base management and franchise fees increased due to stronger revpar, driven by both occupancy and rate, and unit growth, partially offset by the impact of $16 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates. lower incentive management fees reflected $15 million in unfavorable foreign exchange rates, partially offset by higher net house profit at managed hotels and unit growth.
higher owned, leased, and other revenue, net of direct expenses largely reflected favorable operating results at several of our properties, including $4 million of lower lease payments for properties that moved to managed, franchised, or left our system, and $7 million of increased termination fees, partially offset by $4 million in lower branding fees and $2 million from a property that converted to managed.
lower depreciation, amortization, and other expense was driven by amortization true-ups and lower depreciation from an international property sold in 2015, partially offset by $5 million of higher depreciation at several of our leased properties.
general, administrative, and other expenses increased primarily due to higher costs for branding and service initiatives to grow our brands globally.
lower gains and other income, net primarily reflected an $11 million loss on the sale of an international property discussed in footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions."
lower equity in earnings reflected an unfavorable variance to a $9 million benefit recorded in 2014 for two of our international investments, following the reversal of their liabilities associated with a tax law change in a country in which they operate, and a $6 million impairment charge relating to an international joint venture, partially offset by a $5 million benefit recorded in 2015 following an adjustment to an international investee's liabilities.
cost reimbursements revenue and expenses for our international properties totaled $1,282 million in 2015, compared to $1,305 million in 2014.
share-based compensation we award: (1) stock options to purchase our common stock; (2) stock appreciation rights ("sars") for our common stock; (3) restricted stock units ("rsus") of our common stock; and (4) deferred stock units. we also issue performance-based rsus ("psus") to named executive officers and some of their direct reports under their stock plan. see footnote 6 "share-based compensation" for more information.
new accounting standards see footnote 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our anticipated adoption of recently issued accounting standards.
40
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements and our credit facilities in the 2016 second quarter, we amended and restated our multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "credit facility") to extend the maturity date of the credit facility and increase the aggregate amount of available borrowings to up to $4,000 million, up to $2,500 million of which was initially available, with the full $4,000 million becoming available to us with the closing of the starwood combination. the availability of the credit facility supports our commercial paper program and general corporate needs, including working capital, capital expenditures, share repurchases, letters of credit, and acquisitions. in addition, we used borrowings under the credit facility, all of which we later repaid, to finance part of the cash component of the consideration we paid to starwood shareholders and certain fees and expenses we incurred in connection with the starwood combination. borrowings under the credit facility generally bear interest at libor (the london interbank offered rate) plus a spread, based on our public debt rating. we also pay quarterly fees on the credit facility at a rate based on our public debt rating. the term of the facility expires on june 10, 2021.
the credit facility contains certain covenants, including a single financial covenant that limits our maximum leverage (consisting of the ratio of adjusted total debt to consolidated earnings before interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), giving pro forma effect for certain material acquisitions, each as defined in the credit facility) to not more than 4 to 1. in connection with the starwood combination, we exercised our option to temporarily increase the maximum permitted leverage under the credit facility to 4.5 to 1 for the 2016 third and fourth quarters and the 2017 first quarter. our outstanding public debt does not contain a corresponding financial covenant or a requirement that we maintain certain financial ratios. we currently satisfy the covenants in our credit facility and public debt instruments, including the leverage covenant under the credit facility, expect to continue to do so once the temporary increase in permitted leverage ends, and do not expect the covenants will restrict our ability to meet our anticipated borrowing and guarantee levels or increase those levels should we decide to do so in the future.
we believe the credit facility and our access to capital markets, together with cash we expect to generate from operations, remain adequate to meet our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements, finance our long-term growth plans, meet debt service, and fulfill other cash requirements.
we issue commercial paper in the united states. we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper; therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. we classify any outstanding commercial paper and credit facility borrowings as long-term based on our ability and intent to refinance them on a long-term basis. we reserve unused capacity under our credit facility to repay outstanding commercial paper borrowings in the event that the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when outstanding borrowings mature. we do not expect that fluctuations in the demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity, given our borrowing capacity under the credit facility.
at year-end 2016, our available borrowing capacity amounted to $2,545 million and reflected borrowing capacity of $1,687 million under our credit facility and our cash balance of $858 million. we calculated that borrowing capacity by taking $4,000 million of effective aggregate bank commitments under our credit facility and subtracting $2,313 million of outstanding commercial paper (there being no outstanding letters of credit under our credit facility).
we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans. we expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed credit facilities. if conditions in the lodging industry deteriorate, or if disruptions in the capital markets take place as they did in the immediate aftermath of both the 2008 worldwide financial crisis and the events of september 11, 2001, we may be unable to place some or all of our commercial paper on a temporary or extended basis and may have to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility, which we believe will be adequate to fund our liquidity needs, including repayment of debt obligations, but which may or may not carry a higher cost than commercial paper. since we continue to have ample flexibility under the credit facility's covenants, we expect that undrawn bank commitments under the credit facility will remain available to us even if business conditions were to deteriorate markedly.
41
cash from operations cash from operations and non-cash items for the last three fiscal years are as follows:
($ in millions)                 2016                2015                2014
cash from operations      $1,582              $1,430              $1,224
non-cash items (1)           456                 395                 328
(1)   includes depreciation, amortization, impairments, share-based compensation, and deferred income taxes.
our ratio of current assets to current liabilities was 0.7 to 1.0 at year-end 2016 and 0.4 to 1.0 at year-end 2015. we minimize working capital through cash management, strict credit-granting policies, and aggressive collection efforts. we also have significant borrowing capacity under our credit facility should we need additional working capital.
our ratios of earnings to fixed charges for the last five fiscal years, the calculations of which we detail in exhibit 12 to this 2016 annual report on form 10-k, are as follows:
fiscal years
2016   2015        2014        2013        2012
5.1x        6.4x        6.2x        5.1x        4.6x investing activities cash flows acquisition of a business, net of cash acquired. cash outflows of $2,412 million in 2016 reflect cash consideration to starwood shareholders, net of cash acquired in the starwood combination. cash outflows of $137 million in 2015 primarily reflect the acquisition of delta hotels. see footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information.
capital expenditures and other investments. we made capital expenditures of $199 million in 2016, $305 million in 2015, and $411 million in 2014. these included expenditures related to the development and construction of new hotels, improvements to existing properties, and systems initiatives. capital expenditures in 2016 decreased by $106 million compared to 2015, primarily due to lower spending for our edition hotels. capital expenditures in 2015 decreased by $106 million compared to 2014, primarily related to the 2014 development of two edition hotels, partially offset by 2015 renovations at a north american full-service property and investments in our reservations system.
we expect 2017 investment spending will total approximately $500 million to $700 million, including approximately $175 million for maintenance capital spending. consolidated investment spending also includes other capital expenditures, loan advances, contract acquisition costs, acquisitions, and equity and other investments.
over time, we have sold lodging properties, both completed and under development, subject to long-term management agreements. the ability of third-party purchasers to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks inherent in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets as a whole. we monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. in the starwood combination, we acquired various hotels and joint venture interests in hotels, which we have sold or may seek to sell. we also expect to continue making selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include new construction, loans, and noncontrolling equity investments.
fluctuations in the values of hotel real estate generally have little impact on our overall business results because: (1) we own less than one percent of hotels that we operate or franchise; (2) management and franchise fees are generally based upon hotel revenues and profits rather than current hotel property values; and (3) our management agreements generally do not terminate upon hotel sale or foreclosure.
dispositions. property and asset sales generated $218 million cash proceeds in 2016 and $673 million in 2015. see footnote 3 "acquisitions and dispositions" for more information on completed dispositions and planned dispositions.
loan activity. from time to time, we make loans to owners of hotels that we operate or franchise. loan collections, net of loan advances, amounted to $35 million in 2016 compared to net collections of $26 million in 2015. at year-end 2016, we had $248 million of senior, mezzanine, and other loans ($245 million noncurrent and $3 million current) outstanding, compared to $221 million ($215 million noncurrent and $6 million current) outstanding at year-end 2015. our notes receivable balance for senior, mezzanine, and other loans increased by $27 million, primarily due to $65 million in loans acquired in the starwood combination on the merger date and loan advances of $32 million, partially offset by loan collections of $67 million.
42
equity and cost method investments. cash outflows of $14 million in 2016, $7 million in 2015, and $6 million in 2014 for equity and cost method investments primarily reflects our investments in a number of joint ventures.
cash from financing activities debt. debt increased by $4,399 million in 2016, to $8,506 million at year-end 2016 from $4,107 million at year-end 2015, and primarily reflected $1,875 million from the starwood combination (much of which was subsequently canceled in exchange for our series s through w notes), $1,485 million ($1,500 million face amount) in series q and r notes issuances, and $1,373 million increase in commercial paper borrowings, partially offset by $289 million in series h notes that matured in the 2016 second quarter and $24 million of repurchased starwood senior notes in the 2016 fourth quarter. see footnote 11 "long-term debt" for additional information on the debt issuances.
our financial objectives include diversifying our financing sources, optimizing the mix and maturity of our long-term debt, and reducing our working capital. at year-end 2016, our long-term debt had an average interest rate of 2.9 percent and an average maturity of approximately 5.9 years. the ratio of our fixed-rate long-term debt to our total long-term debt was 0.7 to 1.0 at year-end 2016.
see the "cash requirements and our credit facilities," caption in this "liquidity and capital resources" section for more information on our credit facility.
share repurchases. we purchased 8 million shares of our common stock in 2016 at an average price of $71.55 per share, 25.7 million shares in 2015 at an average price of $75.48 per share, and 24.2 million shares in 2014 at an average price of $62.09 per share. at year-end 2016, 31.4 million shares remained available for repurchase under authorizations from our board of directors. we purchase shares in the open market and in privately negotiated transactions.
dividends. our board of directors declared and paid the following quarterly cash dividends in 2016: (1) $0.25 per share declared on february 11, 2016 and paid march 31, 2016 to shareholders of record on february 25, 2016; (2) $0.30 per share declared on may 6, 2016 and paid june 30, 2016 to shareholders of record on may 20, 2016; (3) $0.30 per share declared on september 13, 2016 and paid september 30, 2016 to shareholders of record on september 23, 2016; and (4) $0.30 per share declared november 10, 2016 and paid december 30, 2016 to shareholders of record on november 24, 2016. our board of directors declared a cash dividend of $0.30 per share on february 10, 2017, payable on march 31, 2017 to shareholders of record on february 24, 2017.
contractual obligations and off balance sheet arrangements contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at year-end 2016:
payments due by period
($ in millions)                                             total             less than1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years             after5 years debt (1)                                               $9,591                    $516                  $1,611                $3,791                  $3,673
capital lease obligations (1)                             256                      13                      26                    26                     191
operating leases where we are the primary obligor       1,742                     183                     325                   251                     983
purchase obligations                                      470                     186                     242                    42                       -
other noncurrent liabilities                               99                       5                       8                     8                      78
total contractual obligations                         $12,158                    $903                  $2,212                $4,118                  $4,925
(1)   includes principal as well as interest payments.
the preceding table does not reflect unrecognized tax benefits at year-end 2016 of $400 million, including interest and net of deferred tax assets. see footnote 7 "income taxes" for additional information.
in addition to the purchase obligations noted in the preceding table, in the normal course of business we enter into purchase commitments to manage the daily operating needs of the hotels that we manage. since we are reimbursed from the cash flows of the hotels, these obligations have minimal impact on our net income and cash flow.
43
other commitments the following table summarizes our guarantee, investment, and loan commitments at year-end 2016:
($ in millions)                                                      totalamountscommitted            less than1 year            1-3 years            3-5 years   after5 years guarantee commitments (expiration by period)                                $282                          $37                    $59                  $76         $110
investment and loan commitments (expected funding by period)                 103             87                         10                   6                    -
total other commitments                                                     $385                         $124                    $69                  $82         $110
in conjunction with financing obtained for specific projects or properties owned by joint ventures in which we are a party, we may provide industry standard indemnifications to the lender for loss, liability, or damage occurring as a result of our actions or the actions of the other joint venture owner.
for further information, including the nature of the commitments and their expirations, see the "commitments" caption in footnote 8 "commitments and contingencies."
letters of credit at year-end 2016, we also had $157 million of letters of credit outstanding (all outside the credit facility), the majority of which were for our self-insurance programs. surety bonds issued as of year-end 2016 totaled $149 million, the majority of which federal, state, and local governments requested in connection with our self-insurance programs.
related party transactions equity method investments we have equity method investments in entities that own properties for which we provide management and/or franchise services and receive fees. we also have equity method investments in entities that provide management and/or franchise services to hotels and receive fees. in addition, in some cases we provide loans, preferred equity, or guarantees to these entities.
other related parties we provide management services for and receive fees from properties owned by jwm family enterprises, l.p., which is beneficially owned and controlled by j.w. marriott, jr., deborah marriott harrison, and other members of the marriott family.
for more information, including the impact to our financial statements of transactions with these related parties, see footnote 19 "related party transactions."
critical accounting policies and estimates our preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures. management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: (1) we must make assumptions that were uncertain when the estimate was made; and (2) changes in the estimate, or selection of a different estimate methodology could have a material effect on our consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
while we believe that our estimates, assumptions, and judgments are reasonable, they are based on information available when the estimate or assumption was made. actual results may differ significantly. additionally, changes in our assumptions, estimates or assessments as a result of unforeseen events or otherwise could have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations.
management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies with the audit committee of our board of directors, and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosure presented below relating to those policies.
see footnote 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" for further information on our critical accounting policies and estimates, which are as follows:
loyalty programs, including how members earn points, how we estimate the value of future redemption obligation, and how we recognize revenue for these programs;
44
goodwill, including how we evaluate the fair value of reporting units and when we record an impairment loss on goodwill;
intangibles and long-lived assets, including how we evaluate the fair value of intangibles and long-lived assets and when we record impairment losses on intangibles and long-lived assets;
investments, including information on how we evaluate the fair value of investments and when we record impairment losses on investments;
loan loss reserves, including information on how we measure impairment on senior, mezzanine, and other loans of these types;
income taxes, including information on how we determine our current year amounts payable or refundable, as well as our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities; and business combinations, including the assumptions that we make to estimate the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to discount rates, royalty rates, and the amount and timing of future cash flows.
