item 1a.   risk factors

the following risk factors and other information included in this annual report on form 10-k should be carefully considered. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the company faces. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or that the company’s management currently deems minor or insignificant also may impair its business operations. if any of the following risks occur, moody’s business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this annual report on form 10-k.
u.s. laws and regulations affecting the credit rating industry may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
moody’s operates in a highly regulated industry and is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local authorities in the u.s., including the reform act and the financial reform act. these regulations are complex, continually evolving and have tended to become more stringent over time. see “regulation” in part 1, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k for more information. these laws and regulations:
»   seek to encourage, and may result in, increased competition among rating agencies and in the credit rating business;

»   may result in alternatives to credit ratings or changes in the pricing of credit ratings;

»   restrict the use of information in the development or maintenance of credit ratings;

»   increase regulatory oversight of the credit markets and cra operations;

»   provide for direct jurisdiction of the sec over cras that seek nrsro status, and grant authority to the sec to inspect the operations of cras; and

»   authorize the adoption of enhanced oversight standards and new pleading standards, which may result in increases in the number of legal proceedings claiming liability for losses suffered by investors on rated securities and aggregate legal defense costs.

these laws and regulations, and any future rulemaking or court rulings, could result in reduced demand for credit ratings and increased costs, which moody’s may be unable to pass through to customers. in addition, there may be uncertainty over the scope, interpretation and administration of such laws and regulations. the company may be required to incur significant expenses in order to ensure compliance and mitigate the risk of fines, penalties or other sanctions. legal proceedings could become increasingly lengthy and there may be uncertainty over and exposure to liability. it is difficult to accurately assess the future impact of legislative and regulatory requirements on moody’s business and its customers’ businesses. for example, new laws and regulations may affect mis’s communications with issuers as part of the rating assignment process, alter the manner in which mis’s ratings are developed, assigned and communicated, affect the manner in which mis or its customers or users of credit ratings operate, impact the demand for mis’s ratings and alter the economics of the credit ratings business, including by restricting or mandating business models for rating agencies. further, speculation concerning the impact of legislative and regulatory initiatives and the increased uncertainty over potential liability and adverse legal or judicial determinations may negatively affect moody’s stock price. although these recent and pending legislative and regulatory initiatives apply to rating agencies and credit markets generally, they may affect moody’s in a disproportionate manner. each of these developments increase the costs and legal risk associated with the issuance of credit ratings and may have a material adverse effect on moody’s operations, profitability and competitiveness, the demand for credit ratings and the manner in which such ratings are utilized.
financial reforms outside the u.s. affecting the credit rating industry may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
in addition to the extensive and evolving u.s. laws and regulations governing the industry, foreign jurisdictions have taken measures to increase regulation of rating agencies and the markets for ratings. in particular, the eu has adopted a common regulatory framework for rating agencies operating in the eu. as a result, esma has direct supervisory authority for cras in the eu and has the power to take enforcement action against non-compliant cras, including through the issuance of public notices, withdrawal of registration and, in some cases, the imposition of fines.
mis is a registered entity and is therefore subject to formal regulation and periodic inspection in the eu. applicable rules include procedural requirements with respect to ratings of sovereign issuers, liability for intentional or grossly negligent failure to abide by applicable regulations, mandatory rotation requirements of cras hired by issuers of securities for ratings of resecuritizations, and restrictions on cras or their shareholders if certain ownership thresholds are crossed. additional procedural and substantive requirements include conditions for the issuance of credit ratings, rules regarding the organization of cras, restrictions on activities deemed to create a conflict of interest, pricing regulations, and special requirements for the rating of structured finance instruments. compliance with the eu regulations may increase our costs of operations and could have a significant negative effect on moody’s operations, profitability or ability to compete, or the markets for its products and services, including in ways that moody’s presently is unable to predict. in addition, exposure to increased liability under the eu regulations may further increase costs and legal risks associated with the issuance of credit ratings and materially and adversely impact moody’s results of operations.
moody’s 2016 10k   17
the eu and other jurisdictions engage in rulemaking on an ongoing basis that could significantly impact operations or the markets for moody’s products and services, including regulations extending to products and services not currently regulated and regulations affecting the need for debt securities to be rated, increasing the level of competition in the market for credit ratings, establishing criteria for credit ratings or limiting the entities authorized to provide credit ratings. moody’s cannot predict the extent of such future laws and regulations, and the effect that they will have on moody’s business or the potential for increased exposure to liability could be significant. financial reforms in the eu and other foreign jurisdictions may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the company faces exposure to litigation and government regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to rating opinions and other business practices.
moody’s faces exposure to litigation and government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries related to mis’s ratings actions, as well as other business practices and products. if the market value of credit-dependent instruments declines or defaults, whether as a result of difficult economic times, turbulent markets or otherwise, the number of investigations and legal proceedings that moody’s faces could increase significantly. parties who invest in securities rated by mis may pursue claims against mis or moody’s for losses they face in their portfolios. we have faced numerous class action lawsuits and other litigation, government investigations and inquiries concerning events linked to the u.s. subprime residential mortgage sector and broader deterioration in the credit markets during the recent financial crisis. legal proceedings impose additional expenses on the company and require the attention of senior management to an extent that may significantly reduce their ability to devote time addressing other business issues, and any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions. risks relating to legal proceedings may be heightened in foreign jurisdictions that lack the legal protections or liability standards comparable to those that exist in the u.s. in addition, new laws and regulations have been and may continue to be enacted that establish lower liability standards, shift the burden of proof or relax pleading requirements, thereby increasing the risk of successful litigations in the u.s. and in foreign jurisdictions. these litigation risks are often difficult to assess or quantify. moody’s may not have adequate insurance or reserves to cover these risks, and the existence and magnitude of these risks often remains unknown for substantial periods of time. furthermore, to the extent that moody’s is unable to achieve dismissals at an early stage and litigation matters proceed to trial, the aggregate legal defense costs incurred by moody’s increase substantially, as does the risk of an adverse outcome. see note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding ongoing investigations and civil litigation that the company currently faces. due to the number of these proceedings and the significant amount of damages sought, there is a risk that moody’s will be subject to judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other adverse results that could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to legal, economic, operational and regulatory risks of operating in multiple jurisdictions.
moody’s conducts operations in various countries outside the u.s. and derives a significant portion of its revenue from foreign sources. changes in the economic condition of the various foreign economies in which the company operates may have an impact on the company’s business. for example, economic uncertainty in the eurozone or elsewhere could affect the number of securities offerings undertaken within those particular areas. in addition, operations abroad expose moody’s to a number of legal, economic and regulatory risks such as:
»   exposure to exchange rate movements between foreign currencies and usd;

»   restrictions on the ability to convert local currency into usd and the costs, including the tax impact, of repatriating cash held by entities outside the u.s.;

»   u.s. laws affecting overseas operations including domestic and foreign export and import restrictions, tariffs and other trade barriers;

»   differing and potentially conflicting legal or civil liability, compliance and regulatory standards including as a result of the u.k.’s referendum vote whereby the u.k. citizens voted to withdraw from the eu, brexit;

»   current and future regulations relating to the imposition of mandatory rotation requirements on cras hired by issuers of securities;

»   uncertain and evolving laws and regulations, including those applicable to the financial services industries and to the protection of intellectual property;

»   economic, political and geopolitical market conditions;

»   the possibility of nationalization, expropriation, price controls and other restrictive governmental actions;

»   competition with local rating agencies that have greater familiarity, longer operating histories and/or support from local governments or other institutions;

»   reduced protection for intellectual property rights;

»   longer payment cycles and possible problems in collecting receivables;

18   moody’s 2016 10k
»   differing accounting principles and standards;

»   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

»   difficulties and delays in translating documentation into foreign languages; and

»   potentially adverse tax consequences.

additionally, moody’s is subject to complex u.s., foreign and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to its operations abroad, such as the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, the u.k. bribery act of 2010 and other anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws. although the company has implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and employee training and compliance programs to deter prohibited practices, such measures may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies and violating applicable laws and regulations. any determination that the company has violated anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition. compliance with international and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to the company’s international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. violations of such laws and regulations may result in severe fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, administrative remedies, restrictions on business conduct and could have a material adverse effect on moody’s reputation, its ability to attract and retain employees, its business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail.
moody’s ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses and the communities in which moody’s is located, including new york city, the location of moody’s headquarters, major cities worldwide in which moody’s has offices, and locations in china used for certain moody’s analytics back office work. this may include a disruption involving physical or technological infrastructure (whether or not controlled by the company), including the company’s electronic delivery systems, data center facilities, or the internet, used by the company or third parties with or through whom moody’s conducts business. many of the company’s products and services are delivered electronically and the company’s customers depend on the company’s ability to receive, store, process, transmit and otherwise rapidly handle very substantial quantities of data and transactions on computer-based networks. the company’s customers also depend on the continued capacity, reliability and security of the company’s telecommunications, data centers, networks and other electronic delivery systems, including its websites and connections to the internet. the company’s employees also depend on these systems for internal use. any significant failure, compromise, cyber-breach or interruption of the company’s infrastructure, whether due to human error, hardware failure or defect, natural disasters, fire, power loss, telecommunication failures, break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism, acts of terrorism, political unrest, war or otherwise, may impair the company’s ability to deliver its products and services.
moody’s efforts to secure and plan for potential disruptions of its major operating systems may not be successful. the company relies on third-party providers to provide certain essential services. while the company believes that such providers are reliable, the company has limited control over the performance of such providers. to the extent any of the company’s third-party providers ceases to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner or fails to adequately expand its services to meet the company’s needs and the needs of the company’s customers, the company could experience lower revenues and higher costs. additionally, although the company maintains processes to prevent, detect and recover from a disruption, the company also does not have fully redundant systems for most of its smaller office locations and low-risk systems, and its disaster recovery plan does not include restoration of non-essential services. if a disruption occurs in one of moody’s locations or systems and its personnel in those locations or those who rely on such systems are unable to utilize other systems or communicate with or travel to other locations, such persons’ ability to service and interact with moody’s clients and customers may suffer. the company cannot predict with certainty all of the adverse effects that could result from the company’s failure, or the failure of a third party, to efficiently address and resolve these delays and interruptions. a disruption to moody’s operations or infrastructure may have a material adverse effect on its reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information.
the company’s operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary and other types of information relating to its business operations and confidential and sensitive information about its clients and employees in the company’s computer systems and networks, and in those of its third party vendors. the cyber risks the company faces range from cyber-attacks common to most industries, to more advanced threats that target the company because of its prominence in the global marketplace, or due to its ratings of sovereign debt. breaches of moody’s or moody’s vendors’ technology and systems, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, “phishing” attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, or malware, employee error, malfeasance, social engineering, physical breaches or other actions, may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in the company’s or such vendors’ web sites, applications, data processing, or disruption of other business operations, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by the company (including information about moody’s business, employees or customers), as well as sensitive personally identifiable moody’s 2016 10k   19
information (“pii”), the disclosure of which could lead to identity theft. measures that moody’s takes to avoid, detect, mitigate or recover from material incidents can be expensive, and may be insufficient, circumvented, or may become ineffective. recent well-publicized security breaches at other companies have led to enhanced government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cyber-attacks, and may in the future result in heightened cybersecurity requirements, including additional regulatory expectations for oversight of vendors and service providers. any material breaches of cybersecurity or media reports of perceived security vulnerabilities to the company’s systems or those of the company’s third parties, even if no breach has been attempted or occurred, could cause the company to experience reputational harm, loss of customers, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation, liability for failure to safeguard the company’s clients’ information, or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by the company. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results, or financial condition.
changes in the volume of debt securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets and changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
moody’s business is impacted by general economic conditions and volatility in the u.s. and world financial markets. furthermore, issuers of debt securities may elect to issue securities without ratings or securities which are rated or evaluated by non-traditional parties such as financial advisors, rather than traditional cras, such as mis. a majority of moody’s credit-rating-based revenue is transaction-based, and therefore it is especially dependent on the number and dollar volume of debt securities issued in the capital markets. market disruptions and economic slowdown and uncertainty have in the past negatively impacted the volume of debt securities issued in global capital markets and the demand for credit ratings. potential changes to u.s. tax laws and policy could negatively affect the volume of debt securities issued in the u.s. conditions that reduce issuers’ ability or willingness to issue debt securities, such as market volatility, declining growth, currency devaluations or other adverse economic trends, reduce the number and dollar-equivalent volume of debt issuances for which moody’s provides ratings services and thereby adversely affect the fees moody’s earns in its ratings business.
economic and government factors such as a long-term continuation of difficult economic conditions and a worsening of the sovereign debt crisis in europe may have an adverse impact on the company’s business. future debt issuances also could be negatively affected by increases in interest rates, widening credit spreads, regulatory and political developments, growth in the use of alternative sources of credit, and defaults by significant issuers. declines or other changes in the markets for debt securities may materially and adversely affect the company’s business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s initiatives to reduce costs to counteract a decline in its business may not be sufficient and cost reductions may be difficult or impossible to obtain in the short term, due in part to rent, technology, compliance and other fixed costs associated with some of the company’s operations as well as the need to monitor outstanding ratings. further, cost-reduction initiatives, including those undertaken to date, could make it difficult for the company to rapidly expand operations in order to accommodate any unexpected increase in the demand for ratings. volatility in the financial markets, including changes in the volumes of debt securities and changes in interest rates, may have a material adverse effect on the business, operating results and financial condition, which the company may not be able to successfully offset with cost reductions.
the company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers.
there is price competition in the credit rating, research, credit risk management markets, research and analytical services and financial training and certification services. moody’s faces competition globally from other cras and from investment banks and brokerage firms that offer credit opinions in research, as well as from in-house research operations. competition for customers and market share has spurred more aggressive tactics by some competitors in areas such as pricing and services, as well as increased competition from non-nrsros that evaluate debt risk for issuers or investors. at the same time, a challenging business environment and consolidation among customers, particularly those involved in structured finance products, and other factors affecting demand may enhance the market power of competitors and reduce the company’s customer base. weak economic growth is also intensifying competitive pricing pressures and can result in customers’ use of free or lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources. while moody’s seeks to compete primarily on the basis of the quality of its products and services, it may lose market share if its pricing is not sufficiently competitive. in addition, the reform act was designed to encourage competition among rating agencies. the formation of additional nrsros may increase pricing and competitive pressures. furthermore, in some of the countries in which moody’s operates, governments may provide financial or other support to local rating agencies. any inability of moody’s to compete successfully with respect to the pricing of its products and services could have a material adverse impact on its business, operating results and financial condition.
the company is exposed to reputation and credibility concerns.
moody’s reputation and the strength of its brand are key competitive strengths. to the extent that the rating agency business as a whole or moody’s, relative to its competitors, suffers a loss in credibility, moody’s business could be significantly impacted. factors that may have already affected credibility and could potentially continue to have an impact in this regard include the appearance of a conflict of interest, the performance of securities relative to the rating assigned to such securities, the timing and nature of changes in rat-
20   moody’s 2016 10k ings, a major compliance failure, negative perceptions or publicity and increased criticism by users of ratings, regulators and legislative bodies, including as to the ratings process and its implementation with respect to one or more securities and intentional or unintentional misrepresentations of moody’s products and services in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications. operational errors, whether by moody’s or a moody’s competitor, could also harm the reputation of the company or the credit rating industry. damage to reputation and credibility could have a material adverse impact on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies may negatively impact the nature and economics of the company’s business.
the markets for credit ratings, research, credit risk management services, research and analytical services and financial training and certification services are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, changes in client demands, and evolving regulatory requirements, industry standards and market preferences. the ability to develop and successfully launch and maintain innovative products and technologies that anticipate customers’ changing requirements and utilize emerging technological trends is a key factor in maintaining market share. moody’s competitors include both established companies with significant financial resources, brand recognition, market experience and technological expertise, and smaller companies which may be better poised to quickly adopt new or emerging technologies or respond to customer requirements. competitors may develop quantitative methodologies or related services for assessing credit risk that customers and market participants may deem preferable, more cost-effective or more valuable than the credit risk assessment methods currently employed by moody’s, or may position, price or market their products in manners that differ from those utilized by moody’s. moody’s also competes indirectly against consulting firms and other information providers; these indirect competitors could choose to compete directly with us in the future. in addition, customers or others may develop alternative, proprietary systems for assessing credit risk. such developments could affect demand for moody’s products and services and its growth prospects. further, the increased availability in recent years of free or relatively inexpensive internet information may reduce the demand for moody’s products and services. for example, in december 2016, the esma launched a database providing access to free, current information on certain credit ratings and rating outlooks. moody’s growth prospects also could be adversely affected by moody’s failure to make necessary or optimal capital infrastructure expenditures and improvements and the inability of its information technologies to provide adequate capacity and capabilities to meet increased demands of producing quality ratings and research products at levels achieved by competitors. any inability of moody to compete successfully may have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition.
the company has a significant amount of intangible assets.
at december 31, 2016, moody’s had $1,023.6 million of goodwill and $296.4 million of intangible assets on its balance sheet. approximately 73% of these intangibles reside in the ma business and are allocated to the four reporting units within ma: rd&a; ers; financial services training and certifications; and moody’s analytics knowledge services. the remaining 27% of these intangibles reside in mis and primarily relate to icra. failure to achieve business objectives and financial projections in any of these reporting units could result in an asset impairment charge, which would result in a non-cash charge to operating expenses. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested for impairment on an annual basis and also when events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. determining whether an impairment of goodwill exists can be especially difficult in periods of market or economic uncertainty and turmoil, and requires significant management estimates and judgment. in addition, the potential for goodwill impairment is increased during periods of economic uncertainty. an asset impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
possible loss of key employees and related compensation cost pressures may negatively impact the company.
moody’s success depends upon its ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled, experienced financial analysts and other professionals. competition for skilled individuals in the financial services industry is intense, and moody’s ability to attract high quality employees could be impaired if it is unable to offer competitive compensation and other incentives or if the regulatory environment mandates restrictions on or disclosures about individual employees that would not be necessary in competing industries. as greater focus has been placed on executive compensation at public companies, in the future, moody’s may be required to alter its compensation practices in ways that could adversely affect its ability to attract and retain talented employees. investment banks, investors and competitors may seek to attract analyst talent by providing more favorable working conditions or offering significantly more attractive compensation packages than moody’s. moody’s also may not be able to identify and hire the appropriate qualified employees in some markets outside the u.s. with the required experience or skills to perform sophisticated credit analysis. there is a risk that even if the company invests significant resources in attempting to attract, train and retain qualified personnel, it will not succeed in its efforts, and its business could be harmed.
moody’s is highly dependent on the continued services of raymond w. mcdaniel, jr., the president and chief executive officer, and other senior officers and key employees. the loss of the services of skilled personnel for any reason and moody’s inability to replace them with suitable candidates quickly or at all, as well as any negative market perception resulting from such loss, could have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
moody’s 2016 10k   21
moody’s acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions may not produce anticipated results.
moody’s has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, dispositions or enter into other strategic transactions to strengthen its business and grow the company. such transactions present significant challenges and risks. the market for acquisition targets, dispositions and other strategic transactions is highly competitive, especially in light of industry consolidation, which may affect moody’s ability to complete such transactions. if moody’s is unsuccessful in completing such transactions or if such opportunities for expansion do not arise, its business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
if such transactions are completed, the anticipated growth, synergies and other strategic objectives of such transactions may not be fully realized, and a variety of factors may adversely affect any anticipated benefits from such transactions. any strategic transaction can involve a number of risks, including unanticipated challenges regarding integration of operations, technologies and new employees; the existence of liabilities or contingencies not disclosed to or otherwise known by the company prior to closing a transaction; unexpected regulatory and operating difficulties and expenditures; scrutiny from competition and antitrust authorities; failure to retain key personnel of the acquired business; diverting management’s focus from other business operations; and failing to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at acquired companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies. the anticipated benefits from an acquisition or other strategic transaction may not be realized fully, or may take longer to realize than expected. as a result, the failure of acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions to perform as expected may have a material adverse effect on moody’s business, operating results and financial condition.
the company’s compliance and risk management programs may not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect the company’s reputation, financial condition and operating results.
moody’s operates in a number of countries, and as a result the company is required to comply with numerous international and u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations. the company’s ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, is largely dependent on its establishment and maintenance of compliance, review and reporting systems, as well as its ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. moody’s policies and procedures to identify, evaluate and manage the company’s risks may not be fully effective, and moody’s employees or agents may engage in misconduct, fraud or other errors. it is not always possible to deter such errors, and the precautions the company takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. if moody’s employees violate its policies or if the company’s risk management methods are not effective, the company could be subject to criminal and civil liability, the suspension of the company’s employees, fines, penalties, regulatory sanctions, injunctive relief, exclusion from certain markets or other penalties, and may suffer harm to its reputation, financial condition and operating results.
legal protections for the company’s intellectual property rights may not be sufficient or available to protect the company’s competitive advantages.
moody’s considers many aspects of its products and services to be proprietary. failure to protect the company’s intellectual property adequately could harm its reputation and affect the company’s ability to compete effectively. businesses the company acquires also involve intellectual property portfolios, which increase the challenges the company faces in protecting its strategic advantage. in addition, the company’s operating results may be adversely affected by inadequate or changing legal and technological protections for intellectual property and proprietary rights in some jurisdictions and markets. on january 6, 2015, a rule with direct relevance to the cra industry was published in the official journal of the european union regarding the types of information that cras are to provide about certain ratings (those that were paid for by issuers) for publication on a central website administered by esma (the european ratings platform). this rule directly relates to the company’s intellectual property as it requires that the company provide proprietary information at no cost that the company currently sells, which could result in lost revenue. esma launched the european rating platform for public use on december 1, 2016.
unauthorized third parties may also try to obtain and use technology or other information that the company regards as proprietary. it is also possible that moody’s competitors or other entities could obtain patents related to the types of products and services that moody’s offers, and attempt to require moody’s to stop developing or marketing the products or services, to modify or redesign the products or services to avoid infringing, or to obtain licenses from the holders of the patents in order to continue developing and marketing the products and services. even if moody’s attempts to assert or protect its intellectual property rights through litigation, it may require considerable cost, time and resources to do so, and there is no guarantee that the company will be successful. these risks, and the cost, time and resources needed to address them, may increase as the company’s business grows and its profile rises in countries with intellectual property regimes that are less protective than the rules and regulations applied in the united states.
the company is dependent on the use of third-party software, data, hosted solutions, data centers, and network infrastructure (together, “third party technology”), and any reduction in third-party product quality or service offerings, could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
moody’s relies on third party technology in connection with its product development and offerings. the company depends on the ability of third party technology providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products
22   moody’s 2016 10k on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. the third party technology moody’s uses may become obsolete, incompatible with future versions of the company’s products, unavailable or fail to operate effectively, and moody’s business could be adversely affected if the company is unable to timely or effectively replace such third party technology. the company also monitors its use of third party technology to comply with applicable license and other contractual requirements. despite the company’s efforts, the company cannot ensure that such third parties will permit moody’s use in the future, resulting in increased third party technology acquisition costs and loss of rights. in addition, the company’s operating costs could increase if license or other usage fees for third party technology increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third party technology are substantial. some of these third-party suppliers are also moody’s competitors, increasing the risks noted above. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on the company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
changes in tax rates or tax rules could affect future results.
as a global company, moody’s is subject to taxation in the united states and various other countries and jurisdictions. significant judgment is required to determine worldwide tax liabilities. moody’s future tax rates could be affected by changes in the composition of earnings in countries or states with differing tax rates or other factors, including by increased earnings in jurisdictions where we face higher tax rates, losses incurred in jurisdictions for which we are not able to realize the related tax benefit, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates. changes in the tax, accounting and other laws, treaties, regulations, policies and administrative practices, or changes to their interpretation or enforcement, including changes applicable to multinational corporations such as the base erosion profit shifting project being conducted by the organization for economic co-operation and development and the european union’s state aid rulings, could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, moody’s is subject to regular examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities, and we have experienced increased scrutiny as business has grown. moody’s regularly assesses the likelihood of favorable or unfavorable outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes, however, developments in an audit or litigation could materially and adversely affect us. although we believe our tax estimates and accruals are reasonable, there can be no assurance that any final determination will not be materially different than the treatment reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $2.2 billion at december 31, 2016 consisted of approximately $1.7 billion located outside of the u.s. except as required under u.s. tax laws, moody’s does not provide for u.s. taxes on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that have not been previously taxed since we intend to invest such undistributed earnings indefinitely in our foreign operations. if our intent changes or if these funds are needed for our u.s. operations, we may be required to accrue or pay u.s. taxes on some or all of these undistributed earnings and our effective tax rate could be adversely affected.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

this discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the moody’s corporation consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
this md&a contains forward-looking statements. see “forward-looking statements” commencing on page 55 and item 1a. “risk factors” commencing on page 17 for a discussion of uncertainties, risks and other factors associated with these statements.
the company moody’s is a provider of (i) credit ratings, (ii) credit, capital markets and economic related research, data and analytical tools, (iii) software solutions and related risk management services, (iv) quantitative credit risk measures, financial services training and certification services and (v) research and analytical services. moody’s has two reportable segments: mis and ma.
mis, the credit rating agency, publishes credit ratings on a wide range of debt obligations and the entities that issue such obligations in markets worldwide. revenue is primarily derived from the originators and issuers of such transactions who use mis ratings in the distribution of their debt issues to investors. additionally, mis earns revenue from certain non-ratings-related operations which consist primarily of the distribution of research and financial instruments pricing services in the asia-pacific region as well as revenue from icra’s non-ratings revenue. the revenue from these operations is included in the mis other lob and is not material to the results of the mis segment.
the ma segment develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets. within its rd&a business, ma distributes research and data developed by mis as part of its ratings process, including in-depth research on major debt issuers, industry studies and commentary on topical credit-related events. the rd&a business also produces economic research as well as data and analytical tools such as quantitative credit risk scores. within its ers business, ma provides software solutions as well as related risk management services. the ps business provides research and analytical services and financial training and certification programs.
critical accounting estimates moody’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based on the company’s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires moody’s to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. these estimates are based on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. on an ongoing basis, moody’s evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, accounts receivable allowances, contingencies, goodwill and intangible assets, pension and other retirement benefits, utbs and stock-based compensation. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the following accounting estimates are considered critical because they are particularly dependent on management’s judgment about matters that are uncertain at the time the accounting estimates are made and changes to those estimates could have a material impact on the company’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
revenue recognition revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or the services have been provided and accepted by the customer when applicable, fees are determinable and the collection of resulting receivables is considered probable.
pursuant to asc topic 605, when a sales arrangement contains multiple deliverables, the company allocates revenue to each deliverable based on its relative selling price which is determined based on its vendor specific objective evidence if available, third party evidence if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price if neither vsoe nor tpe is available.
the company’s products and services will generally qualify as separate units of accounting under asc topic 605. the company evaluates each deliverable in an arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. a deliverable constitutes a separate unit of accounting when it has stand-alone value to the customers and if the arrangement includes a customer refund or return right relative to the delivered item and the delivery and performance of the undelivered item is considered probable and substantially in the company’s control. in instances where the aforementioned criteria are not met, the deliverable is combined with the undelivered items and revenue recognition is determined as one single unit.
28   moody’s 2016 10k the company determines whether its selling price in a multi-element transaction meets the vsoe criteria by using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately or, if the deliverable is not yet being sold separately, the price established by management having the relevant authority to establish such a price. in instances where the company is not able to establish vsoe for all deliverables in a multiple element arrangement, which may be due to the company infrequently selling each element separately, not selling products within a reasonably narrow price range, or only having a limited sales history, the company attempts to establish tpe for deliverables. the company determines whether tpe exists by evaluating largely similar and interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. however, due to the difficulty in obtaining third party pricing, possible differences in its market strategy from that of its peers and the potential that products and services offered by the company may contain a significant level of differentiation and/or customization such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained, the company generally is unable to reliably determine tpe. based on the selling price hierarchy established by asc topic 605, when the company is unable to establish selling price using vsoe or tpe, the company will establish an esp. esp is the price at which the company would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a stand-alone basis. the company establishes its best estimate of esp considering internal factors relevant to is pricing practices such as costs and margin objectives, standalone sales prices of similar products, percentage of the fee charged for a primary product or service relative to a related product or service, and customer segment and geography. additional consideration is also given to market conditions such as competitor pricing strategies and market trend. the company reviews its determination of vsoe, tpe and esp on an annual basis or more frequently as needed.
in the mis segment, revenue attributed to initial ratings of issued securities is recognized when the rating is issued. revenue attributed to monitoring of issuers or issued securities is recognized ratably over the period in which the monitoring is performed, generally one year. in the case of commercial mortgage-backed securities, structured credit, international residential mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, issuers can elect to pay the monitoring fees upfront. these fees are deferred and recognized over the future monitoring periods based on the expected lives of the rated securities, which was approximately 25 years on a weighted average basis at december 31, 2016. at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, deferred revenue related to these securities was approximately $133 million, $121 million, and $107 million.
multiple element revenue arrangements in the mis segment are generally comprised of an initial rating and the related monitoring service. in instances where monitoring fees are not charged for the first year monitoring effort, fees are allocated to the initial rating and monitoring services based on the relative selling price of each service to the total arrangement fees. the company generally uses esp in determining the selling price for its initial ratings as the company rarely sells initial ratings separately without providing related monitoring services and thus is unable to establish vsoe or tpe for initial ratings.
mis estimates revenue for ratings of commercial paper for which, in addition to a fixed annual monitoring fee, issuers are billed quarterly based on amounts outstanding. revenue is accrued each quarter based on estimated amounts outstanding and is billed when actual data is available. the estimate is determined based on the issuers’ most recent reported quarterly data. at december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, accounts receivable included approximately $25 million, $24 million, and $22 million, respectively, related to accrued commercial paper revenue. historically, mis has not had material differences between the estimated revenue and the actual billings. furthermore, for certain annual monitoring services, fees are not invoiced until the end of the annual monitoring period and revenue is accrued ratably over the monitoring period. at december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, accounts receivable included approximately $159.1 million, $146.4 million, and $127.8 million, respectively, relating to accrued monitoring service revenue.
in the ma segment, products and services offered by the company include software licenses and related maintenance, subscriptions, and professional services. revenue from subscription based products, such as research and data subscriptions and certain software-based credit risk management subscription products, is recognized ratably over the related subscription period, which is principally one year. revenue from sale of perpetual licenses of credit processing software is generally recognized at the time the product master or first copy is delivered or transferred to and accepted by the customer. if uncertainty exists regarding customer acceptance of the product or service, revenue is not recognized until acceptance occurs. software maintenance revenue is recognized ratably over the annual maintenance period. revenue from professional services rendered is generally recognized as the services are performed. a large portion of annual research and data subscriptions and annual software maintenance are invoiced in the months of november, december and january.
products and services offered within the ma segment are sold either stand-alone or together in various combinations. in instances where a multiple element arrangement includes software and non-software deliverables, revenue is allocated to the non-software deliverables and to the software deliverables, as a group, using the relative selling prices of each of the deliverables in the arrangement based on the aforementioned selling price hierarchy. revenue is recognized for each element based upon the conditions for revenue recognition noted above.
if the arrangement contains more than one software deliverable, the arrangement consideration allocated to the software deliverables as a group is allocated to each software deliverable using vsoe. in the instances where the company is not able to determine vsoe for all of the deliverables of an arrangement, the company allocates the revenue to the undelivered elements equal to its vsoe and the moody’s 2016 10k   29
residual revenue to the delivered elements. if the company is unable to determine vsoe for an undelivered element, the company defers all revenue allocated to the software deliverables until the company has delivered all of the elements or when vsoe has been determined for the undelivered elements. in cases where software implementation services are considered essential and vsoe of fair value exists for post-contract customer support (“pcs”), once the delivery criteria has been met on the standard software, license and service revenue is recognized on a percentage-of-completion basis as implementation services are performed, while pcs is recognized over the coverage period. if vsoe of fair value does not exist for pcs, once the delivery criteria has been met on the standard software, service revenue is recognized on a zero profit margin basis until essential services are complete, at which point total remaining arrangement revenue is then spread ratably over the remaining pcs coverage period. if vsoe does not exist for pcs at the beginning of an arrangement but is established during implementation, revenue not recognized due to the absence of vsoe will be recognized on a cumulative basis.
accounts receivable allowance moody’s records an allowance for estimated future adjustments to customer billings as a reduction of revenue, based on historical experience and current conditions. such amounts are reflected as additions to the accounts receivable allowance. additionally, estimates of uncollectible accounts are recorded as bad debt expense and are reflected as additions to the accounts receivable allowance. actual billing adjustments and uncollectible account write-offs are charged against the allowance. moody’s evaluates its accounts receivable allowance by reviewing and assessing historical collection and invoice adjustment experience as well as the current aging status of customer accounts. moody’s also considers the economic environment of the customers, both from an industry and geographic perspective, in evaluating the need for allowances. based on its analysis, moody’s adjusts its allowance as considered appropriate in the circumstances. this process involves a high degree of judgment and estimation and could involve significant dollar amounts. accordingly, moody’s results of operations can be affected by adjustments to the allowance. management believes that the allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable is adequate to cover anticipated adjustments and write-offs under current conditions. however, significant changes in any of the above factors, or actual write-offs or adjustments that differ from the estimated amounts could impact the company’s consolidated results of operations.
contingencies accounting for contingencies, including those matters described in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements, is highly subjective and requires the use of judgments and estimates in assessing their magnitude and likely outcome. in many cases, the outcomes of such matters will be determined by third parties, including governmental or judicial bodies. the provisions made in the consolidated financial statements, as well as the related disclosures, represent management’s best estimates of the then current status of such matters and their potential outcome based on a review of the facts and in consultation with outside legal counsel where deemed appropriate. the company regularly reviews contingencies and as new information becomes available may, in the future, adjust its associated liabilities.
for claims, litigation and proceedings and governmental investigations and inquiries not related to income taxes, where it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, the company records liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and periodically adjusts these as appropriate. when the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range of amounts, the minimum amount of the range is accrued unless some higher amount within the range is a better estimate than another amount within the range. in other instances, where a loss is reasonably possible, management does not record a liability because of uncertainties related to the probable outcome and/or the amount or range of loss, but discloses the contingency if significant. as additional information becomes available, the company adjusts its assessments and estimates of such matters accordingly. in view of the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of litigation, regulatory, governmental investigations and inquiries, enforcement and similar matters and contingencies, particularly where the claimants seek large or indeterminate damages or where the parties assert novel legal theories or the matters involve a large number of parties, the company cannot predict what the eventual outcome of the pending matters will be or the timing of any resolution of such matters. the company also cannot predict the impact (if any) that any such matters may have on how its business is conducted, on its competitive position or on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. as the process to resolve any pending matters progresses, management will continue to review the latest information available and assess its ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on its operations and financial condition. however, in light of the large or indeterminate damages sought in some of them, the absence of similar court rulings on the theories of law asserted and uncertainties regarding apportionment of any potential damages, an estimate of the range of possible losses cannot be made at this time.
the company’s wholly-owned insurance subsidiary insures the company against certain risks including but not limited to deductibles for worker’s compensation, employment practices litigation, employee medical claims and terrorism, for which the claims are not material to the company. in addition, for claim years 2008 and 2009, the insurance subsidiary insured the company for defense costs related to professional liability claims. for matters insured by the company’s insurance subsidiary, moody’s records liabilities based on the estimated total claims expected to be paid and total projected costs to defend a claim through its anticipated conclusion. the company determines liabilities based on an assessment of management’s best estimate of claims to be paid and legal defense costs as
30   moody’s 2016 10k well as actuarially determined estimates. defense costs for matters not self-insured by the company’s wholly-owned insurance subsidiary are expensed as services are provided.
for income tax matters, the company employs the prescribed methodology of topic 740 of the asc which requires a company to first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority.
goodwill and other acquired intangible assets on july 31 of each year, moody’s evaluates its goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, defined as an operating segment or one level below an operating segment.
the company has six primary reporting units: two within the company’s ratings business (one for the icra business and one that encompasses all of moody’s other ratings operations) and four reporting units within ma: rd&a, ers, fstc and maks. the rd&a reporting unit encompasses the distribution of investor-oriented research and data developed by mis as part of its ratings process, in-depth research on major debt issuers, industry studies, economic research and commentary on topical events and credit analytic tools. the ers reporting unit provides products and services that support the credit risk management and regulatory compliance activities of financial institutions and also provides advanced actuarial software for the life insurance industry. these products and services are primarily delivered via software that is licensed on a perpetual basis or sold on a subscription basis. the fstc reporting unit consists of the portion of the ma business that offers both credit training as well as other professional development training and implementation services. the maks reporting unit, formerly known as copal amba, provides research and analytical services. copal amba was renamed moody’s analytics knowledge services in december 2016.
the company evaluates the recoverability of goodwill using a three-step impairment test approach at the reporting unit level. in the first step, the company assesses various qualitative factors to determine whether the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount. if a determination is made based on the qualitative factors that an impairment does not exist, the company is not required to perform further testing. if the aforementioned qualitative assessment results in the company concluding that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount, the fair value of the reporting unit will be determined and compared to its carrying value including goodwill. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the net assets assigned to that unit, goodwill is not impaired and the company is not required to perform further testing. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, the company must perform a third step of the impairment test to determine the implied fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill. the implied fair value of the goodwill is determined based on the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. if the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than its carrying value, the difference is recognized as an impairment charge. the company evaluates its reporting units on an annual basis, or more frequently if there are changes in the reporting structure of the company due to acquisitions or realignments. for the reporting units where the company is consistently able to conclude that no impairment exists using only a qualitative approach, the company’s accounting policy is to perform the second step of the aforementioned goodwill impairment assessment at least once every three years. at july 31, 2016, the company performed the second step of the goodwill impairment test on all reporting units, which resulted in no impairment of goodwill.
in january 2017 there was a management change in the maks business. as of the date of the filing of this form 10-k, a new operating and strategic plan for this reporting unit under the new management structure has not yet been completed. based on all available information, the company does not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the maks reporting unit may be less than its carrying amount at december 31, 2016. a quantitative impairment assessment for the maks reporting unit will be performed in the first quarter of 2017 upon the completion of revised financial projections under the new management structure which could result in a reduced fair value as compared to the july 31, 2016 fair value.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or an indefinite-lived acquired intangible asset involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate projected future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates, future economic and market conditions, and appropriate comparable market metrics. however, as these estimates and assumptions are unpredictable and inherently uncertain, actual future results may differ from these estimates. in addition, the company also makes certain judgments and assumptions in allocating shared assets and liabilities to determine the carrying values for each of its reporting units.
other assets and liabilities, including applicable corporate assets, are allocated to the extent they are related to the operation of respective reporting units.
moody’s 2016 10k   31
sensitivity analyses and key assumptions for deriving the fair value of a reporting unit the following table identifies the amount of goodwill allocated to each reporting unit as of december 31, 2016 as well as the amount by which the net assets of each reporting unit would exceed the fair value under step 2 of the goodwill impairment test as prescribed in asc topic 350, assuming hypothetical reductions in their fair values as of july 31, 2016, which was the date of the last quantitative goodwill impairment assessment for all reporting units.
sensitivity analysis deficit caused by a hypothetical reduction to fair value goodwill   10%                         20%                         30%                          40%
mis              $46.3   $—                          $—                          $—                           $—
rd&amp;a         174.7          —                           —                           —                            —
ers              323.5          —                           —                           —                            —
fstc              85.2          —                           —                           (14.4   )                    (34.6   )
maks             159.9          —                           —                           —                            (6.5    )
icra             234.0          —                           —                           —                            —
totals        $1,023.6   $—                          $—                          $(14.4         )             $(41.1         )
methodologies and significant estimates utilized in determining of the fair value of reporting units:
the following is a discussion regarding the company’s methodology for determining the fair value of its reporting units, excluding icra, as of july 31, 2016, the date of each reporting unit’s last quantitative assessment. as icra is a publicly traded company in india, the company was able to observe its fair value based on its market capitalization.
the fair value of each reporting unit, excluding icra, was estimated using a discounted cash flow methodology and comparable public company and precedent transaction multiples. the dcf analysis requires significant estimates, including projections of future operating results and cash flows of each reporting unit that is based on internal budgets and strategic plans, expected long-term growth rates, terminal values, weighted average cost of capital and the effects of external factors and market conditions. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the estimated fair value of each reporting unit which could result in an impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of goodwill, which could be material to the company’s financial position and results of operations. moody’s allocates newly acquired goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the acquisition.
the sensitivity analyses on the future cash flows and wacc assumptions described below are as of july 31, 2016. the following discusses the key assumptions utilized in the discounted cash flow valuation methodology that requires significant management judgment:
»                        future cash flow assumptions —the projections for future cash flows utilized in the models are derived from historical experience and assumptions regarding future growth and profitability of each reporting unit. these projections are consistent with the company’s operating and strategic plan. cash flows for the five years subsequent to the date of the quantitative goodwill impairment analysis were utilized in the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the growth rates assumed a gradual increase in revenue based on a continued improvement in the global economy and capital markets, new customer acquisition and new products. beyond five years, a terminal value was determined using a perpetuity growth rate based on inflation and real gdp growth rates. a sensitivity analysis of the revenue growth rates was performed on all reporting units. for all reporting units, a 10% decrease in the revenue growth rates used would not have resulted in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its respective estimated fair value.

»                          wacc —the wacc is the rate used to discount each reporting unit’s estimated future cash flows. the wacc is calculated based on the proportionate weighting of the cost of debt and equity. the cost of equity is based on a risk-free interest rate, an equity risk factor which is derived from public companies similar to the reporting unit and which captures the perceived risks and uncertainties associated with the reporting unit’s cash flows.
the cost of debt component is calculated as the weighted average cost associated with all of the company’s outstanding borrowings as of the date of the impairment test and was immaterial to the computation of the wacc. the cost of debt and equity is weighted based on the debt to market capitalization ratio of publicly traded companies with similarities to the reporting unit being tested. the wacc for all reporting units ranged from 8.5% to 11.5% as of july 31, 2016. differences in the wacc used between reporting units is primarily due to distinct risks and uncertainties regarding the cash flows of the different reporting units. a sensitivity analysis of the wacc was performed on all reporting units as of july 31, 2016
for each reporting unit. for all reporting units, an increase in the wacc of one percentage point would not result in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value.

amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. there were no such events or changes during 2016 that would indicate that the carrying amount of
32   moody’s 2016 10k amortizable intangible assets in any of the company’s reporting units may not be recoverable. this determination was made based on continued growth, consistent with operating and strategic plans for the reporting unit where the intangible asset resides.
pension and other retirement benefits the expenses, assets and liabilities that moody’s reports for its retirement plans are dependent on many assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances. these significant assumptions include the following:
»   future compensation increases, based on the company’s long-term actual experience and future outlook;

»   long-term return on pension plan assets, based on historical portfolio results and the expected future average annual return for each major asset class within the plan’s portfolio (which is principally comprised of equity and fixed-income investments); and

»   discount rates, based on current yields on high-grade corporate long-term bonds.

the discount rates selected to measure the present value of the company’s benefit obligation for its retirement plans as of december 31, 2016 were derived using a cash flow matching method whereby the company compares each plan’s projected payment obligations by year with the corresponding yield on the citibank pension discount curve. the cash flows by plan are then discounted back to present value to determine the discount rate applicable to each plan.
moody’s major assumptions vary by plan and assumptions used are set forth in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. in determining these assumptions, the company consults with third-party actuaries and other advisors as deemed appropriate. while the company believes that the assumptions used in its calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could have a significant effect on the expenses, assets and liabilities related to the company’s retirement plans. additionally, the company has updated its mortality assumption by adopting the newly released mortality improvement scale mp-2016 to accompany the rp-2014 mortality tables to reflect the latest information regarding future mortality expectations by the society of actuaries.
when actual plan experience differs from the assumptions used, actuarial gains or losses arise. excluding differences between the expected long-term rate of return assumption and actual experience on plan assets, the company amortizes, as a component of annual pension expense, total outstanding gains or losses over the estimated average future working lifetime of active plan participants to the extent that the gain/loss exceeds 10% of the greater of the beginning-of-year projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of plan assets. for moody’s retirement plans, the total actuarial losses as of december 31, 2016 that have not been recognized in annual expense are $130.3 million, and moody’s expects to recognize a net periodic expense of $9.8 million in 2017 related to the amortization of actuarial losses.
for moody’s funded u.s. pension plan, the differences between the expected long-term rate of return assumption and actual experience could also affect the net periodic pension expense. as permitted under asc topic 715, the company spreads the impact of asset experience over a five-year period for purposes of calculating the market-related value of assets that is used in determining the expected return on assets’ component of annual expense and in calculating the total unrecognized gain or loss subject to amortization. as of december 31, 2016, the company has an unrecognized asset loss of $7.7 million, of which $1.5 million will be recognized in the market-related value of assets that is used to calculate the expected return on assets’ component of 2018 expense.
the table below shows the estimated effect that a one percentage-point decrease in each of these assumptions will have on moody’s 2017 operating income. these effects have been calculated using the company’s current projections of 2017 expenses, assets and liabilities related to moody’s retirement plans, which could change as updated data becomes available.
(dollars in millions)                                assumption used for 2017      estimated impact on
2017 operating income
(decrease)/increase weighted average discount rates*                                     3.89%/3.85%   $(12.3                  )
weighted average assumed compensation growth rate                          3.72%   $2.1
assumed long-term rate of return on pension assets                         5.40%   $(3.1                   )
*   weighted average discount rates of 3.89% and 3.85% for pension plans and other retirement plans, respectively.

a one percentage-point increase in assumed healthcare cost trend rates will not affect 2017 projected expenses. based on current projections, the company estimates that expenses related to retirement plans will be $34.9 million in 2017 or flat compared to the $34.3 million recognized in 2016.
stock-based compensation the company records compensation expense for all share-based payment award transactions granted to employees based on the fair value of the equity instrument at the time of grant. this includes stock options and restricted stock. the fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the date of grant using the black-scholes option pricing model that uses assumptions and estimates that the moody’s 2016 10k   33
company believes are reasonable. some of the assumptions and estimates, such as share price volatility and expected option holding period, are based in part on moody’s experience during the period since becoming a public company. the use of different assumptions and estimates in the black-scholes option pricing model could produce materially different estimated fair values for option awards and related expense.
an increase in the following assumptions would have had the following estimated effect on operating income in 2016 (dollars in millions):
assumption used for 2012-2016      increase in assumption      estimated impact on employee stock                                                 operating income in 2016
options                                                        increase/(decrease)
average expected dividend yield                                1.3% - 1.8%                        0.1%   $0.1
average expected share price volatility                      30.8% - 43.6%                          5%   $(1.5                         )
expected option holding period                             6.8 - 7.4 years                    1.0 year   $(0.5                         )
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. the company’s tax assets and liabilities are affected by the amounts charged for services provided and expenses incurred as well as other tax matters such as intercompany transactions. the company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with asc topic 740. therefore, income tax expense is based on reported income before income taxes, and deferred income taxes reflect the effect of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities that are recognized for financial reporting purposes and the amounts that are recognized for income tax purposes.
the company is subject to tax audits in various jurisdictions. the company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of such audits in order to determine the appropriateness of liabilities for utbs. the company classifies interest related to income taxes as a component of interest expense in the company’s consolidated financial statements and associated penalties, if any, as part of other non-operating expenses.
for utbs, asc topic 740 requires a company to first determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (defined as a likelihood of more than fifty percent) that a tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits as of the reporting date, assuming that taxing authorities will examine the position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. a tax position that meets this more-likely-than-not threshold is then measured and recognized at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely to be realized upon effective settlement with a taxing authority. as the determination of liabilities related to utbs and associated interest and penalties requires significant estimates to be made by the company, there can be no assurance that the company will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and thus the eventual outcomes could have a material impact on the company’s operating results or financial condition.
for certain of its non-u.s. subsidiaries, the company has deemed the undistributed earnings relating to these subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested within its foreign operations. accordingly, the company has not provided deferred income taxes on these indefinitely reinvested earnings. it is not practicable to determine the amount of deferred taxes that might be required to be provided if such earnings were distributed in the future due to complexities in the tax laws and in the hypothetical calculations that would have to be made.
other estimates in addition, there are other accounting estimates within moody’s consolidated financial statements, including recoverability of deferred tax assets, anticipated dividend distributions from non-u.s. subsidiaries and valuation of investments in affiliates. management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in moody’s consolidated financial statements are appropriate. however, if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in moody’s consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on moody’s consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on significant accounting policies that impact moody’s.
reportable segments the company is organized into two reportable segments at december 31, 2016: mis and ma.
the mis segment is comprised primarily of all of the company’s ratings operations. the mis segment consists of five lines of business – cfg, sfg, fig, ppif and mis other. the ratings lobs generate revenue principally from fees for the assignment and ongoing monitoring of credit ratings on debt obligations and the entities that issue such obligations in markets worldwide. the mis other lob consists of certain non-ratings operations managed by mis which consists of non-rating revenue from icra as well as certain research and financial instruments pricing service operations in the asia-pacific region.
34   moody’s 2016 10k the ma segment develops a wide range of products and services that support financial analysis and risk management activities of institutional participants in global financial markets. the ma segment consists of three lines of business – rd&a, ers and ps.
the following is a discussion of the results of operations of the company and its reportable segments. total mis revenue and total ma expenses include the intersegment royalty revenue for mis and expense charged to ma for the rights to use and distribute content, data and products developed by mis. the royalty rate charged by mis approximates the fair value of the aforementioned content, data and products developed by mis. total ma revenue and total mis expenses include intersegment fees charged to mis from ma for the use of certain ma products and services in mis’s ratings process. these fees charged by ma are generally equal to the costs incurred by ma to provide these products and services. overhead charges and corporate expenses which exclusively benefit one segment are fully charged to that segment. additionally, overhead costs and corporate expenses of the company which benefit both segments are generally allocated to each segment based on a revenue-split methodology. accordingly, a reportable segment’s share of these costs will increase as its proportion of revenue relative to moody’s total revenue increases. overhead expenses include costs such as rent and occupancy, information technology and support staff such as finance, human resources and information technology.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2016 compared with year ended december 31, 2015
executive summary
»   moody’s revenue in 2016 totaled $3,604.2 million, an increase of $119.7 million, or 3%, compared to 2015 reflecting good growth in ma revenue coupled with modest growth in mis revenue.

»                  mis revenue was 2% higher compared to the prior year reflecting robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as for public finance related activity in the second half of 2016. the growth also reflected benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were mostly offset by challenges in the first half of 2016 in the high-yield and investment-grade corporate debt sectors due to elevated credit spreads and market volatility. additionally, there was lower securitization activity in the u.s. in the first half of 2016, most notably in the u.s. clo and cmbs asset classes, which reflected the aforementioned elevated credit spreads and market volatility as well as uncertainty relating to the implementation of risk retention regulatory requirements for these asset classes.

»   ma revenue grew 7% compared to the prior year reflecting growth in ers and rd&amp;a, most notably in the u.s. revenue grew in most product areas of ers and included revenue from the acquisition of ggy. in rd&amp;a, revenue growth was primarily driven by credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data. excluding unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, ma revenue grew 10%.

»   total operating expenses increased $954.4 million or 47%, reflecting:

»   an $863.8 million settlement charge relating to the mis segment pursuant to an agreement with the doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia more fully discussed in note 19,
“contingencies” within item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k;

»   higher compensation costs of $88.1 million associated with headcount growth in ma (including costs from the acquisition of ggy) and annual compensation increases company-wide partially offset by cost reduction initiatives in response to the challenging business conditions in mis during the first half of 2016; and

»   a restructuring charge of $12.0 million associated with cost management initiatives in the mis segment as well as in certain corporate overhead functions.

»   operating income of $638.7 million in 2016, which included the aforementioned $863.8 million settlement charge, was down $834.7 million compared to 2015 and resulted in an operating margin of 17.7%, compared to 42.3% in the prior year. adjusted operating income of $1,641.2 million in 2016 was up modestly compared to 2015, while adjusted operating margin of 45.5% remained flat compared to 2015.

»                the change in non-operating income (expense) net, compared to the prior year is primarily due to higher fx gains which included an approximate $35 million gain related to the liquidation of a non-u.s. subsidiary and an approximate $15 million gain relating to the appreciation of the euro relative to the british pound during 2016. partially offsetting these increases was higher interest expense reflecting the 2015 senior notes issued in march 2015 and the $300
million of additional borrowings under the 2014 senior notes (30-year) in november 2015.

»   the etr was 50.6% in 2016 compared to 31.2% in the prior year with the increase primarily reflecting the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the aforementioned settlement charge.

moody’s 2016 10k   35
»   diluted eps of $1.36 in 2016, which included: i) a $3.59 settlement charge; ii) a $0.04 restructuring charge and iii) an $0.18 fx gain relating to the substantial liquidation of a subsidiary, decreased $3.27 compared to
2015. excluding all of the aforementioned items in 2016 and a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter in the prior year, adjusted diluted eps of $4.81 in 2016 increased $0.21.

moody’s corporation year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2016                       2015
revenue:
united states                                                                    $2,105.5                     $2,009.0                           5   %
international:
emea                                                                                904.4                        882.3                           3   %
asia-pacific                                                                        373.2                        364.2                           2   %
americas                                                                            221.1                        229.0                          (3   %)
total international                                                               1,498.7                      1,475.5                           2   %
total                                                                             3,604.2                      3,484.5                           3   %
expenses:
operating                                                                         1,026.6                        976.3                          (5   %)
sg&amp;a                                                                            936.4                        921.3                          (2   %)
restructuring                                                                        12.0                            —                          nm depreciation and amortization                                                       126.7                        113.5                         (12   %)
settlement charge                                                                   863.8                            —                          nm total                                                                             2,965.5                      2,011.1                         (47   %)
operating income                                                                   $638.7                     $1,473.4                         (57   %)
adjusted operating income (1)                                                    $1,641.2                     $1,586.9                           3   %
interest expense, net                                                             $(137.8     )                $(115.1   )                     (20   %)
other non-operating income, net                                                     $57.1                        $21.3                         168   %
non-operating expense, net                                                         $(80.7     )                 $(93.8   )                      14   %
net income attributable to moody’s                                                 $266.6                       $941.3                         (72   %)
diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders                             $1.36                        $4.63                         (71   %)
adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders (1)                $4.81                        $4.60                           5   %
operating margin                                                                     17.7     %                   42.3   %
adjusted operating margin (1)                                                        45.5     %                   45.5   %
(1)   adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders are non-gaap financial measures. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding these measures.

the table below shows moody’s global staffing by geographic area:
december 31,                             % change
2016                   2015
united states             3,386                   3,364             1   %
international             7,231                   7,006             3   %
total                    10,617                  10,370             2   %
global revenue of $3,604.2 million in 2016 increased $119.7 million, or 3%, compared to 2015 and reflected good growth in ma revenue, which included revenue from the first quarter 2016 acquisition of ggy, coupled with modest growth in mis revenue.
the $36.6 million increase in mis revenue reflected robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as for public finance related activity in the second half of 2016 reflecting both opportunistic refinancing and new issuance activity. the growth also reflected benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were mostly offset by challenges in the first half of 2016 in the high-yield and investment-grade corporate debt sectors due
36   moody’s 2016 10k to elevated credit spreads and market volatility. additionally, there was lower securitization activity in the u.s. in the first half of 2016, most notably in the u.s. clo and cmbs asset classes, which reflected the aforementioned elevated credit spreads and market volatility as well as uncertainty earlier in the year relating to the implementation of certain risk retention regulatory requirements by the end of 2016 for these asset classes.
the $83.1 million increase in ma revenue reflects growth in ers and rd&a, most notably in the u.s. revenue grew in most product areas of ers and included revenue from the 2016 acquisition of ggy. in rd&a, revenue growth was primarily driven by credit research, subscriptions and licensing of ratings data partially offset by the impact of unfavorable changes in fx rates. excluding unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, ma revenue grew 10%.
transaction revenue accounted for 49% of global mco revenue in 2016 compared 50% of global mco revenue in 2015.
u.s. revenue of $2,105.5 million in 2016 increased $96.5 million over the prior year, reflecting strong growth in ma coupled with modest growth in mis.
non-u.s. revenue increased $23.2 million from 2015 reflecting modest growth in both reportable segments.
operating expenses were $1,026.6 million in 2016 up $50.3 million from 2015 and included an increase in compensation costs of approximately $71 million. this increase reflects higher salaries and employee benefit expenses resulting from the impact of annual compensation increases and headcount growth in ma which includes headcount from the acquisition of ggy. the increase in compensation expenses also reflects higher incentive compensation reflecting greater achievement relative to targeted results compared to the prior year. these increases were partially offset by an approximate $21 million decrease in non-compensation expenses reflecting cost reduction initiatives in response to challenging business conditions in mis earlier in the year.
sg&a expenses of $936.4 million in 2016 increased $15.1 million from the prior year period reflecting higher compensation costs primarily due to annual compensation increases company-wide and headcount growth in ma which included headcount from the ggy acquisition. the increase in compensation expenses also reflects higher incentive compensation reflecting greater achievement relative to targeted results compared to the prior year. additionally, there was an increase in non-compensation expenses reflecting higher rent and occupancy costs being mostly offset by the impact of cost reduction initiatives in response to challenging business conditions in mis earlier in the year.
the restructuring charge of $12.0 million relates to cost management initiatives in 2016 in the mis segment as well as in certain corporate overhead functions.
d&a increased $13.2 million reflecting amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions as well as higher depreciation reflecting an increase in capital expenditures to support it infrastructure and business growth.
the $863.8 million settlement charge relates to an agreement with the u.s. doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia to resolve pending and potential civil claims related to the mis segment as more fully discussed in note 19, “contingencies” within item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
operating income of $638.7 million in 2016, which included the aforementioned $863.8 million settlement charge, was down $834.7 million compared to 2015 and resulted in an operating margin of 17.7%, compared to 42.3% in the prior year. adjusted operating income of $1,641.2 million in 2016 was up modestly compared to 2015, while adjusted operating margin of 45.5% remained flat compared to 2015.
interest expense, net in 2016 was ($137.8) million, a $22.7 million increase in expense compared to 2015 reflecting interest on the 2015 senior notes which were issued in march 2015 as well as interest on the $300 million of additional borrowings under the 2014 senior notes (30-year) in november 2015.
other non-operating income, net was $57.1 million in 2016, a $35.8 million increase in income compared to 2015. this increase reflected fx gains of approximately $35 million related to the substantial liquidation of a subsidiary and approximately $15 million of gains relating to the appreciation of the euro relative to the british pound during 2016. fx gains in 2015 were immaterial. this increase in income was partially offset by a $6.4 million benefit from a legacy tax matter in 2015 compared to a $1.6 million benefit in 2016.
the etr was 50.6% in 2016 compared to 31.2% in the prior year with the increase primarily reflecting the non-deductible nature of the federal portion of the aforementioned settlement charge.
net income in 2016, which included an approximate $701 million net settlement charge more fully described above, was $266.6 million, or $674.7 million lower than prior year. diluted eps of $1.36 in 2016, which included: i) a $3.59 settlement charge; ii) a $0.04 restructuring charge and iii) an $0.18 fx gain relating to the substantial liquidation of a subsidiary, decreased $3.27 compared to 2015. excluding all of the aforementioned items in 2016 and a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter in the prior year, adjusted diluted eps of $4.81 in 2016 increased $0.21 primarily reflecting lower diluted weighted average shares outstanding. the reduction in diluted weighted average shares outstanding reflects share repurchases under the company’s board authorized share repurchase program partially offset by shares issued under the employee stock-based compensation programs.
moody’s 2016 10k   37
segment results moody’s investors service the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2016                       2015
revenue:
corporate finance (cfg)                                       $1,122.3                     $1,112.7                           1   %
structured finance (sfg)                                         436.8                        449.1                          (3   %)
financial institutions (fig)                                     368.9                        365.6                           1   %
public, project and infrastructure finance (ppif)                412.2                        376.4                          10   %
total ratings revenue                                          2,340.2                      2,303.8                           2   %
mis other                                                         30.6                         30.4                           1   %
total external revenue                                         2,370.8                      2,334.2                           2   %
intersegment royalty                                             100.2                         93.5                           7   %
total mis revenue                                              2,471.0                      2,427.7                           2   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                              1,102.1                      1,107.2                           —
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                             13.5                         13.1                          (3   %)
adjusted operating income                                      1,355.4                      1,307.4                           4   %
depreciation and amortization                                     73.8                         66.0                         (12   %)
restructuring                                                     10.2                            —                          nm settlement charge                                                863.8                            —                          nm operating income                                                $407.6                     $1,241.4                         (67   %)
adjusted operating margin                                         54.9     %                   53.9   %
operating margin                                                  16.5     %                   51.1   %
the following is a discussion of external mis revenue and operating expenses:
global mis revenue of $2,370.8 million in 2016 was up 2% compared to 2015 reflecting robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt, bank loans and public finance in the second half of 2016 as capital market volatility and elevated credit spreads that hindered issuance in the first half of 2016 subsided. additionally, the growth reflects the favorable impact of changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were mostly offset by challenges in the first half of 2016 in both the speculative-grade and investment-grade corporate debt sectors due to elevated credit spreads and market volatility at the time coupled with an unfavorable shift in issuance mix for investment-grade corporate debt. additionally, there was lower securitization activity in the u.s. in the first half of 2016, primarily in the u.s. clo and cmbs asset classes, which reflected the aforementioned elevated credit spreads and market volatility as well as uncertainty earlier in the year relating to the december 2016 implementation deadline for certain risk retention regulatory requirements for these asset classes.
transaction revenue for mis was 61% in both 2016 and 2015.
in the u.s., revenue was $1,501.9 million in 2016, an increase of $27.6 million compared to 2015 and reflected benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases coupled with second half of 2016 growth in rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as strong public finance issuance. these increases were partially offset by lower rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt in the first half of 2016 and a decline in investment-grade corporate debt rated issuance volumes which was most notable in the fourth quarter of 2016. additionally, there were declines in securitization activity in the clo and cmbs asset classes within sfg in the first half of 2016.
non-u.s. revenue was $868.9 million in 2016, an increase of $9.0 million compared to 2015 primarily reflecting second half of 2016 growth in high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as investment-grade corporate debt. this growth in the second half reflected improved market sentiment following volatility in the first half of 2016 as well as the ecb sponsored cspp providing a ballast to corporate debt issuance in the emea region. the growth over the prior year also reflects changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. these increases were partially offset by lower revenue in the first half of 2016 primarily reflecting declines in investment-grade and high-yield corporate debt across all regions.
38   moody’s 2016 10k global cfg revenue of $1,122.3 million in 2016 was up 1% compared to 2015. the increase reflects benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases coupled with robust rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans in the u.s. and emea in the second half of 2016 as capital market volatility and elevated credit spreads that hindered issuance in the first half of 2016 subsided. the increase also reflects higher investment-grade rated issuance volumes in emea in the second half of 2016 reflecting additional liquidity in the region resulting from the ecb sponsored cspp. these increases were partially offset by lower rated issuance volumes in the first half of 2016 for investment-grade and speculative-grade corporate debt across all regions due to elevated credit spreads and capital market volatility at the time. also, there were lower u.s. investment-grade rated issuance volumes in the fourth quarter of 2016 reflecting an increase in benchmark interest rates immediately following the u.s. presidential election in november. transaction revenue represented 68% of total cfg revenue in 2016, compared to 69% in the prior year period. in the u.s., revenue in 2016 was $762.9 million, or $10.0 million higher than the prior year. internationally, revenue of $359.4 million in the 2016 was flat compared to the prior year.
global sfg revenue of $436.8 million in 2016 decreased $12.3 million, or 3%, compared to 2015. in the u.s., revenue of $293.3 million decreased $18.2 million compared to 2015. this decrease primarily reflected lower clo formation in the first half of 2016 due to elevated credit spreads and declining availability of collateral for these instruments earlier in the year. additionally, the decrease reflected lower securitization activity in the cmbs asset class reflecting higher average credit spreads over the course of 2016, particularly in the first quarter, as well as uncertainties relating to the implementation of certain risk retention regulatory requirements for this asset class. these declines were partially offset by benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. non-u.s. revenue in 2016 of $143.5 million increased $5.9 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting growth in rmbs and abs in emea. transaction revenue was 62% of total sfg revenue in 2016 compared to 64% in the prior year.
global fig revenue of $368.9 million in 2016 increased $3.3 million, or 1%, compared to 2015. in the u.s., revenue of $160.1 million increased $3.7 million compared to the prior year primarily reflecting benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as higher m&a related issuance volumes in the insurance sector. these increases were partially offset by reduced banking-related issuance volumes due to market volatility in the first half of 2016. internationally, revenue was $208.8 million in 2016, or flat compared to 2015 with benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases and growth in the asia-pacific region reflecting higher cross-border issuance from chinese banks and asset managers being offset by declines in banking-related issuance in emea. transaction revenue was 37% of total fig revenue in both 2016 and 2015.
global ppif revenue was $412.2 million in 2016 and increased $35.8 million, or 10%, compared to 2015. in the u.s., revenue in 2016 was $276.2 million and increased $31.5 million compared to 2015 primarily due to benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as strong growth in public finance issuance in the second half of 2016. this growth in issuance reflects opportunistic refunding activity amidst favorable market conditions as well as higher new issuance volumes to fund municipal infrastructure investment needs. additionally, the growth in the u.s. reflects higher infrastructure finance revenue. outside the u.s., ppif revenue was $136.0 million and increased $4.3 million compared to 2015 reflecting benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases as well as higher infrastructure finance revenue in the americas region. these increases were partially offset by lower project finance revenue across all non-u.s. regions. transaction revenue was 63% of total ppif revenue in 2016 compared to 60% in the prior year.
global mis other revenue of $30.6 million in 2016 was flat compared to 2015.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2016 decreased $5.1 million compared to 2015 primarily reflecting lower non-compensation costs of approximately $25 million reflecting overall cost control initiatives. this decrease was partially offset by higher compensation expenses of approximately $20 million compared to the prior year reflecting annual salary increases coupled with higher incentive compensation costs resulting from higher achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year.
the increase in d&a compared to the prior year reflects capital expenditures related to investments in the company’s it and operational infrastructure.
the restructuring charge in 2016 relates to cost management initiatives in the mis segment as well as in certain corporate overhead functions.
the settlement charge is pursuant to an agreement with the doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia as more fully discussed in note 19, “contingencies” within item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
adjusted operating income was $1,355.4 million and increased $48.0 million compared to the prior year. operating income in 2016, which includes the aforementioned $863.8 million settlement charge, was $407.6 million and decreased $833.8 million compared to the prior year. adjusted operating margin was 54.9% or 100 bps higher than the prior year. operating margin was 16.5% in 2016 compared to 51.1% in the prior year, with the decline primarily due to the aforementioned settlement charge. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
moody’s 2016 10k   39
moody’s analytics the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2016                      2015
revenue:
research, data and analytics (rd&amp;a)              $667.6                      $626.4                           7   %
enterprise risk solutions (ers)                       418.8                       374.0                          12   %
professional services (ps)                            147.0                       149.9                          (2   %)
total external revenue                              1,233.4                     1,150.3                           7   %
intersegment revenue                                   13.5                        13.1                           3   %
total ma revenue                                    1,246.9                     1,163.4                           7   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                     860.9                       790.4                          (9   %)
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                 100.2                        93.5                          (7   %)
adjusted operating income                             285.8                       279.5                           2   %
depreciation and amortization                          52.9                        47.5                         (11   %)
restructuring                                           1.8                           —                          nm operating income                                     $231.1                      $232.0                           —
adjusted operating margin                              22.9     %                  24.0   %
operating margin                                       18.5     %                  19.9   %
the following is a discussion of external ma revenue and operating expenses:
global ma revenue increased $83.1 million, or 7%, compared to 2015 and reflected growth in rd&a as well as ers, which included revenue from the acquisition of ggy. additionally, the growth over the prior year reflects benefits from pricing increases within ma’s recurring revenue base. excluding unfavorable changes in fx rates, ma revenue grew 10% compared to the prior year. recurring revenue comprised 75% and 74% of total ma revenue in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
in the u.s., revenue of $603.6 million in 2016 increased $68.9 million, and reflected growth in rd&a and ers. the growth in rd&a reflected strength in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data as well as higher revenue within sav and ecca. the increase in ers revenue reflected growth across all product verticals and included revenue from the acquisition of ggy in march 2016.
non-u.s. revenue of $629.8 million in 2016 was $14.2 million higher than in 2015 reflecting growth in rd&a and ers partially offset by unfavorable changes in fx rates. the growth in rd&a primarily reflects strength in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data in the asia-pacific region. the increase in ers was primarily due to higher revenue from the assets liability & capital and credit assessment & origination product verticals in the emea region coupled with revenue from the acquisition of ggy. these increases were partially offset by declines in the credit assessment & origination product vertical in the americas region.
global rd&a revenue of $667.6 million, which comprised 54% of total external ma revenue in both 2016 and 2015, increased $41.2 million, or 7%, over the prior year period. excluding unfavorable changes in fx rates, rd&a revenue increased 9% over the prior year. the growth reflected strength in credit research subscriptions and licensing of ratings data as well as higher revenue within sav and ecca. the growth compared to 2015 also reflects the benefits of pricing increases. in the u.s., revenue of $389.3 million increased $37.4 million compared to 2015. non-u.s. revenue of $278.3 million increased $3.8 million compared to the prior year.
global ers revenue of $418.8 million in 2016 increased $44.8 million, or 12%, over 2015. excluding unfavorable changes in fx rates, ers revenue grew 15% reflecting increases across most product offerings and included revenue from the acquisition of ggy in march of 2016. additionally, the revenue growth reflects benefits from pricing increases within ers’s recurring revenue base. revenue in ers is subject to quarterly volatility resulting from the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of software implementation and license revenue in a relatively small number of engagements. in the u.s., revenue of $162.9 million increased $31.7 million compared to the prior year. non-u.s. revenue of $255.9 million increased $13.1 million compared to the prior year.
40   moody’s 2016 10k global ps revenue of $147.0 million in 2016 decreased $2.9 million, or 2%, from 2015. excluding the unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates, ps revenue was flat compared to the prior year. in the u.s. and internationally revenue was $51.4 million and $95.6 million, respectively, or flat and down 3%, respectively.
the increase in d&a compared to the prior year reflects capital expenditures related to investments in the company’s it and operational infrastructure as well as amortization of acquired intangible assets.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2016 increased $70.5 million compared to 2015. the expense growth primarily reflects an approximate $68 million increase in compensation costs primarily due to higher headcount to support business growth as well as headcount from the acquisition of ggy coupled with annual merit increases.
adjusted operating income was $285.8 million in 2016 and increased $6.3 million compared to the same period in 2015. operating income of $231.1 million in 2016 decreased $0.9 million compared to the same period in 2015. adjusted operating margin in 2016 was 22.9%, down 110bps from 2015. operating margin was 18.5% in 2016, down 140bps from the prior year. operating margin and adjusted operating margin in 2016 were suppressed due to a larger proportion of overhead costs allocated to ma under the company’s revenue-split methodology. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2015 compared with year ended december 31, 2014
executive summary
»                   moody’s revenue in 2015 totaled $3,484.5 million, an increase of $150.2 million, or 5%, compared to 2014. excluding the unfavorable impact of changes in fx translation rates, primarily due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar to the euro, british pound and canadian dollar, revenue increased 9% over the prior year reflecting growth in both reportable segments despite challenging market conditions in 2015. the following discussion of mis and ma revenue excludes intersegment revenue.

»                 mis revenue was 3% higher compared to the prior year. excluding the impact from unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, mis revenue grew 8% over the prior year. this growth primarily reflects benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases as well as increases in rated issuance volumes for investment-grade corporate debt. additionally, higher u.s. pfg refunding volumes and higher u.s. banking-related issuance contributed to the growth. furthermore, there were increases across most sfg asset classes in the u.s. and emea, as well as revenue from the icra acquisition. these increases were partially offset by declines in bank loan revenue in the u.s. and emea, lower speculative-grade corporate debt revenue in emea and an approximate $102 million unfavorable impact due to changes in fx rates.

»                ma revenue grew 8% compared to the prior year reflecting growth in ers and rd&amp;a partially offset by declines in ps. excluding the impact from unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, ma revenue grew 12%. revenue growth in ers was primarily due to increases across most product offerings with particular strength in the credit assessment and origination business. additionally, the acquisition of webequity in the third quarter of 2014 also contributed to ers growth. in rd&amp;a, revenue growth was primarily driven by credit research and licensing of ratings data as well as revenue from the acquisition of lewtan. the decline in ps reflected the company’s exiting certain copal amba product lines late in 2014 as well as attrition outpacing sales growth at copal amba. the 2015 ma revenue included an unfavorable impact of approximately $47 million due to unfavorable changes in fx translation rates.

»   total expenses increased $115.9 million compared to the prior year reflecting:

»   higher compensation costs of approximately $59 million primarily relating to headcount growth and annual compensation increases. partially offsetting this increase was a decrease in incentive compensation reflecting lower achievement against full-year targeted results in 2015 compared to 2014.

»   non-compensation expenses increased approximately $39 million compared to 2014 reflecting higher costs related to the company’s investment in it and other operational infrastructure and higher rent and occupancy costs. additionally, the increase reflects higher variable costs correlated with business growth.

»   higher d&amp;a of $17.9 million reflecting amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions as well as higher depreciation reflecting an increase in capital expenditures to support it infrastructure and business growth.

»   the increase in both compensation and non-compensation expenses reflects operating costs from the 2014 acquisitions of icra, webequity and lewtan.

»                                                                operating income of $1,473.4 million increased $34.3 million compared to 2014 and resulted in an operating margin of 42.3%
compared to 43.2% in the prior year. adjusted operating income of $1,586.9 million in 2015 increased $52.2 million compared to 2014, resulting in an adjusted operating margin of 45.5% compared to 46.0% in the prior year period. the decrease in margins is

moody’s 2016 10k   41
due to continued investment in the company’s operations, the acquisition of companies that operate at a margin below moody’s historical margin as well as the impact of fx translation.
unfavorable changes in fx translation rates negatively impacted operating income and adjusted operating income by approximately $76 million and $79 million, respectively.

»   non-operating income (expense), net was ($93.8) million compared to net non-operating income of $21.9 million in 2014. the change reflects the $102.8 million icra gain in the prior year and smaller fx gains in 2015.

»   the etr remained flat compared to 2014. the 2015 etr includes a benefit relating to a state tax ruling and a change in local tax law relating to income apportionment as well as the resolution of certain domestic and international tax matters. the 2014 etr reflects a benefit from the favorable resolution of an international tax matter.

»                diluted eps of $4.63 in 2015, which included a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter, increased $0.02 over 2014, which included $0.37 for the icra gain as well as a $0.03 benefit from a legacy tax matter. excluding the benefit from the legacy tax matter in both years as well as the icra gain in 2014, adjusted diluted eps in 2015 of $4.60 was $0.39 higher than 2014 adjusted diluted eps of $4.21. the increase in both diluted eps and adjusted diluted eps benefited from a 5.3% reduction in diluted weighted average shares outstanding due to treasury share repurchases under the company’s board authorized share repurchase program partially offset by shares issued under the employee stock-based compensation programs.

moody’s corporation year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2015                       2014
revenue:
united states                                                                    $2,009.0                     $1,814.5                          11   %
international:
emea                                                                                882.3                        952.8                          (7   %)
asia-pacific                                                                        364.2                        338.3                           8   %
americas                                                                            229.0                        228.7                           —
total international                                                               1,475.5                      1,519.8                          (3   %)
total                                                                             3,484.5                      3,334.3                           5   %
expenses:
operating                                                                           976.3                        930.3                          (5   %)
sg&amp;a                                                                            921.3                        869.3                          (6   %)
depreciation and amortization                                                       113.5                         95.6                         (19   %)
total                                                                             2,011.1                      1,895.2                          (6   %)
operating income                                                                 $1,473.4                     $1,439.1                           2   %
adjusted operating income (1)                                                    $1,586.9                     $1,534.7                           3   %
interest expense, net                                                             $(115.1     )                $(116.8   )                       1   %
other non-operating income, net                                                     $21.3                        $35.9                         (41   %)
icra gain                                                                              $—                       $102.8                        (100   %)
non-operating income (expense), net                                                $(93.8     )                  $21.9                          nm net income attributable to moody’s                                                 $941.3                       $988.7                          (5   %)
diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders                             $4.63                        $4.61                           —
adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders (1)                $4.60                        $4.21                           9   %
operating margin                                                                     42.3     %                   43.2   %
adjusted operating margin (1)                                                        45.5     %                   46.0   %
(1)   adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders are non-gaap financial measures. refer to the section entitled “non-gaap financial measures” of this management discussion and analysis for further information regarding these measures.

42   moody’s 2016 10k the table below shows moody’s global staffing by geographic area:
december 31,                            % change
2015                   2014
united states             3,365                  3,138             7   %
international             7,005                  6,746             4   %
total                    10,370                  9,884             5   %
global revenue of $3,484.5 million in 2015 increased $150.2 million, or 5%, compared to 2014. excluding the unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates, global revenue increased 9% compared to prior year and reflected growth in both reportable segments. transaction revenue accounted for 50% of global mco revenue in both 2015 and 2014.
the mis revenue increase reflected changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases, primarily in the u.s., coupled with growth in rated issuance volumes for investment-grade corporate debt and higher u.s. pfg refunding volumes. the growth also reflects increases across all asset classes within sfg and higher banking revenue coupled with revenue from the icra acquisition. these increases were partially offset by an approximate $102 million unfavorable impact due to changes in fx rates as well as declines in rated issuance volumes for high-yield corporate debt and bank loans.
the growth in ma reflects higher revenue in rd&a and ers partially offset by decreases in ps revenue. the increase in rd&a was primarily driven by growth from sales of credit research and licensing of ratings data. the growth in ers reflects increases in all product offerings, with particular strength in the credit assessment and origination business. the 2014 acquisitions of lewtan and webequity also contributed to growth in rd&a and ers, respectively. partially offsetting these increases in ma was an approximate $47 million unfavorable impact due to changes in fx translation rates.
u.s. revenue of $2,009.0 million in 2015 increased $194.5 million over the prior year, reflecting changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases within mis, growth in rated issuance volumes for investment-grade corporate debt, higher pfg refunding volumes and revenue increases in most asset classes in sfg. the growth also reflects increases across all ma lobs. these increases were partially offset by declines in bank loan rated issuance compared to the prior year.
non-u.s. revenue decreased $44.3 million from 2014, reflecting an approximate $146 million unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates coupled with declines in high-yield corporate debt and bank loan issuance in emea as well as a revenue decline in ps. these declines were partially offset by increases in rd&a and ers revenue in all regions within ma as well as growth across most asset classes within sfg in emea.
operating expenses were $976.3 million in 2015 and increased $46.0 million from 2014 due to an approximate $33 million and $13 million increase in compensation and non-compensation costs, respectively. the increase in compensation costs reflected higher expenses resulting from the impact of annual compensation increases as well as higher headcount due to business growth and from acquisitions. additionally, higher pension costs contributed to the compensation expense growth reflecting a lower discount rate used to measure expense and the use of a new mortality table. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in incentive compensation reflecting lower achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year. the increase in non-compensation expenses reflected higher costs to support various it and other operational enhancement projects, higher variable costs to support business growth and expenses from the icra, webequity and lewtan acquisitions in the second half of 2014. the changes above include a favorable impact relating to changes in fx translation rates compared to the prior year.
sg&a expenses of $921.3 million in 2015 increased $52.0 million compared to the prior year period reflecting higher compensation and non-compensation expenses of approximately $27 million and $25 million, respectively. the growth in compensation costs was primarily due to higher expenses resulting from annual compensation increases, headcount growth in mis and ma as well as in overhead support areas coupled with higher headcount from acquisitions. additionally, higher pension costs contributed to the compensation expense growth reflecting a lower discount rate used to measure expense and the use of a new mortality table. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in incentive compensation reflecting lower achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year. the increase in non-compensation expenses reflects higher costs to support various it and other operational enhancement projects as well as higher rent and occupancy costs reflecting various real estate projects worldwide. additionally, the increase reflects non-compensation expenses from the icra, webequity and lewtan acquisitions in the second half of 2014. the increases above include a favorable impact relating to changes in fx translation rates compared to the prior year.
d&a increased $17.9 million reflecting amortization of intangible assets from acquisitions as well as higher depreciation reflecting an increase in capital expenditures to support it infrastructure and business growth.
operating income of $1,473.4 million increased $34.3 million from 2014. adjusted operating income was $1,586.9 million in 2015 and increased $52.2 million compared to 2014. operating margin decreased 90 bps compared to 2014. adjusted operating margin in 2015
moody’s 2016 10k   43
of 45.5% decreased 50 bps compared to the prior year. the decrease in operating margin and adjusted operating margin is primarily due to continued investment in the company’s operations as well as the acquisition of companies that operate at a margin below moody’s historical margin and fx translation. unfavorable changes in fx translation rates negatively impacted operating income and adjusted operating income by approximately $76 million and $79 million, respectively.
interest income (expense), net in 2015 was ($115.1) million, or flat compared to 2014 reflecting higher interest on borrowings due to the issuance of the 2014 senior notes (5-year) and 2014 senior notes (30-year) in july 2014 as well as the issuance of the 2015 senior notes and additional issuance under the 2014 senior notes (30-year) in 2015. these increases were offset by $11 million in net costs (net of a gain on the termination of an interest rate swap) related to the early repayment of the series 2005-1 notes in 2014.
other non-operating income (expense), net was $21.3 million in 2015, a $14.6 million decrease in income compared to 2014. the decrease primarily reflects fx gains of $20.3 million in 2014 which was primarily due to strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the euro and british pound for certain u.s. dollar denominated assets held in international jurisdictions. the fx gains in 2015 were not significant.
the $102.8 million icra gain related to a fair value remeasurement of the company’s previously held equity investment in icra which occurred in connection with moody’s acquiring a controlling stake in icra on june 26, 2014.
the company’s etr was 31.2% in 2015, or flat compared to 2014. the 2015 etr includes a benefit relating to a state tax ruling and a change in local tax law relating to income apportionment as well as the resolution of certain domestic and international tax matters. the 2014 etr reflects a benefit from the favorable resolution of an international tax matter.
net income in 2015, which included a $6.4 million benefit related to the aforementioned legacy tax matter, was $941.3 million, or $4.63 per diluted share. this is a decrease of $47.4 million compared to 2014, which included $78.5 million for the icra gain as well as a $6.4 million benefit related to a legacy tax matter. however, diluted eps was up $0.02 reflecting benefits from a 5.3% reduction in diluted weighted average shares outstanding due to treasury share repurchases under the company’s board authorized share repurchase program partially offset by shares issued under the employee stock-based compensation programs. excluding the $0.37 icra gain in 2014 and benefits from legacy tax matters in both years, adjusted diluted eps of $4.60 in 2015 was $0.39 higher than adjusted diluted eps of $4.21 in the prior year.
segment results moody’s investors service the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2015                       2014
revenue:
corporate finance (cfg)                                       $1,112.7                     $1,109.3                           —
structured finance (sfg)                                         449.1                        426.5                           5   %
financial institutions (fig)                                     365.6                        354.7                           3   %
public, project and infrastructure finance (ppif)                376.4                        357.3                           5   %
total ratings revenue                                          2,303.8                      2,247.8                           2   %
mis other                                                         30.4                         18.0                          69   %
total external revenue                                         2,334.2                      2,265.8                           3   %
intersegment royalty                                              93.5                         87.6                           7   %
total mis revenue                                              2,427.7                      2,353.4                           3   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                              1,107.2                      1,062.9                          (4   %)
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                             13.1                         13.3                           2   %
adjusted operating income                                      1,307.4                      1,277.2                           2   %
depreciation and amortization                                     66.0                         49.4                         (34   %)
operating income                                              $1,241.4                     $1,227.8                           1   %
adjusted operating margin                                         53.9     %                   54.3   %
operating margin                                                  51.1     %                   52.2   %
44   moody’s 2016 10k the following is a discussion of external mis revenue and operating expenses:
global mis revenue of $2,334.2 million in 2015 increased $68.4 million, or 3%, compared to 2014. excluding unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, mis revenue grew 8% over the prior year and reflected growth across all lobs. transaction revenue for mis was 61% in both 2015 and 2014.
in the u.s., revenue was $1,474.3 million in 2015, an increase of $133.3 million compared to 2014 reflecting changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases coupled with growth in rated issuance volumes for investment-grade corporate debt and higher public finance refunding volumes. the increase also reflects growth across most asset classes in sfg coupled with higher banking revenue. these increases were partially offset by lower rated issuance volumes for bank loans compared to the prior year.
non-u.s. revenue was $859.9 million in 2015, a decrease of $64.9 million compared to 2014. excluding unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, revenue grew 4% over the prior year reflecting the favorable impact of changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases, higher investment-grade revenue in emea, growth across most asset classes within sfg in emea and revenue from the icra acquisition. partially offsetting these increases was lower revenue from rating high-yield corporate debt and bank loans as well as lower indicative ratings revenue in the emea region. additionally, there was an approximate $99 million unfavorable impact relating to changes in fx translation rates.
global cfg revenue of $1,112.7 million in 2015 was flat compared to 2014. excluding unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, revenue grew 4% over the prior year primarily due to the benefits from changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases, primarily in the u.s. as well as higher rated issuance volumes for investment-grade corporate debt in the u.s. the growth in rated issuance volumes for investment-grade corporate debt, which was more pronounced in the first half of 2015, reflects an increase in m&a activity and continued favorable market conditions for much of the year. additionally, revenue from the icra acquisition and higher monitoring fees reflecting growth in the number of outstanding rated issuances contributed to the increase over the prior year. these increases were partially offset by a decline in bank loan issuance in the u.s. and emea as banks reduced supply to adhere more closely to the u.s. shared national credit program regarding highly leveraged transactions. the increases were also partially offset by declines in high-yield corporate debt across all non-u.s. regions reflecting widening credit spreads in this sector resulting from weak commodity prices coupled with current macroeconomic uncertainties in emerging markets. additionally, there was an approximate $41 million unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates compared to the prior year. transaction revenue represented 69% of total cfg revenue in 2015, compared to 70% in the prior year period. in the u.s., revenue in 2015 was $752.9 million, or $65.6 million higher than the prior year. internationally, revenue of $359.8 million in the 2015 decreased $62.2 million compared to the prior year.
global sfg revenue of $449.1 million in 2015 increased $22.6 million, or 5%, compared to 2014. excluding the unfavorable impact of fx translation rates, sfg revenue grew 10% reflecting an increase in u.s. cmbs issuance primarily due to higher refinancing activity resulting from a large volume of maturing instruments in 2015 coupled with larger sized deals being rated. the growth also reflects higher u.s. rmbs revenue resulting from an increase in deals rated and improved market coverage over the prior year. furthermore, there was an increase in covered bond issuance in emea as well as benefits from the favorable impact of changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases. partially offsetting these increases was an approximate $22 million unfavorable impact reflecting changes in fx translation rates compared to the prior year. transaction revenue was 64% of total sfg revenue in 2015 compared to 62% in the prior year. in the u.s., revenue of $311.5 million increased $28.6 million compared to 2014. non-u.s. revenue in 2015 of $137.6 million decreased $6.0 million from the prior year.
global fig revenue of $365.6 million in 2015 increased $10.9 million, or 3%, compared to 2014. excluding the unfavorable impact of changes in fx translation rates, fig revenue grew 10% due to changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and pricing increases. additionally, the growth reflects higher rated issuance volumes in the u.s. banking sector reflecting issuers taking advantage of favorable market conditions for much of the year as well as revenue from the icra acquisition. these increases were partially offset by an approximate $24 million unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates. transaction revenue was 37% of total fig revenue in 2015 compared to 35% in the prior year. in the u.s., revenue of $156.4 million increased $15.2 million compared to the prior year. internationally, revenue was $209.2 million in 2015, or down $4.3 million compared to 2014.
global ppif revenue was $376.4 million in 2015 and increased $19.1 million, or 5%, compared to 2014. excluding the impact of unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, ppif revenue grew 10% reflecting higher u.s. public finance refunding volumes due to continued low benchmark interest rates as well as the favorable impact of changes in the mix of fee type, new fee initiatives and certain pricing increases. these increases were partially offset by lower u.s. infrastructure finance revenue compared to a strong prior year comparative period as well as an approximate $15 million unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates. transaction revenue was 60% of total ppif revenue in 2015 compared to 58% in the prior year. in the u.s., revenue in 2015 was $244.7 million and increased $18.5 million compared to 2014. outside the u.s., ppif revenue was flat compared to 2014.
moody’s 2016 10k   45
global mis other revenue was $30.4 million in 2015 and increased $12.4 million, or 69% compared to 2014. the increase primarily reflects a full year of icra non-ratings revenue in 2015 compared to just one quarter of revenue in 2014.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2015 increased $44.3 million compared to 2014 reflecting an increase in compensation and non-compensation costs of $20 million and $24 million, respectively. the increase in compensation reflects annual merit increases, headcount growth in the ratings lobs as well as in support areas such as it, finance and human resources for which the costs are allocated to each segment based on a revenue-split methodology. these increases were partially offset by decreases in incentive compensation costs reflecting lower achievement against full-year targeted results compared to the prior year. the increase in non-compensation expenses reflects higher costs to support various it and operational enhancement projects and higher variable costs correlated with business growth. also, there were higher rent and occupancy costs for various global real estate expansion projects. the increase in both compensation and non-compensation expenses also reflects the acquisition of icra in the second half of 2014. changes in fx translation rates had an approximate $42 million favorable impact on mis operating expenses compared to the prior year.
adjusted operating income and operating income in 2015 were $1,307.4 million and $1,241.4 million, respectively, and increased $30.2 million and $13.6 million, respectively, compared to 2014. adjusted operating margin and operating margin were 53.9% and 51.1%, respectively, or 40 bps and 110 bps lower than the prior year, respectively. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
moody’s analytics the table below provides a summary of revenue and operating results, followed by further insight and commentary:
year ended december 31,          % change favorable
(unfavorable)
2015                      2014
revenue:
research, data and analytics (rd&amp;a)              $626.4                      $571.8                          10   %
enterprise risk solutions (ers)                       374.0                       328.5                          14   %
professional services (ps)                            149.9                       168.2                         (11   %)
total external revenue                              1,150.3                     1,068.5                           8   %
intersegment revenue                                   13.1                        13.3                          (2   %)
total ma revenue                                    1,163.4                     1,081.8                           8   %
expenses:
operating and sg&amp;a (external)                     790.4                       736.7                          (7   %)
operating and sg&amp;a (intersegment)                  93.5                        87.6                          (7   %)
adjusted operating income                             279.5                       257.5                           9   %
depreciation and amortization                          47.5                        46.2                          (3   %)
operating income                                     $232.0                      $211.3                          10   %
adjusted operating margin                              24.0     %                  23.8   %
operating margin                                       19.9     %                  19.5   %
the following is a discussion of external ma revenue and operating expenses:
global ma revenue increased $81.8 million, or 8%, compared to 2014. excluding the unfavorable changes in fx translation rates, ma revenue grew 12% reflecting growth in rd&a and ers which included revenue from the acquisitions of lewtan and webequity, respectively. recurring revenue comprised 74% and 73% of total ma revenue in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
in the u.s., revenue of $534.7 million in 2015 increased $61.2 million, and reflected growth in rd&a and ers, which included revenue from lewtan and webequity, respectively.
international revenue of $615.6 million in 2015 was $20.6 million higher than in 2014 reflecting growth in all regions within rd&a and ers partially offset by an approximate $47 million unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates.
global rd&a revenue of $626.4 million, which comprised 54% of total external ma revenue in both 2015 and 2014, increased $54.6 million, or 10%, over the prior year period. excluding the unfavorable impact of fx translation rates, rd&a revenue grew 14% compared to the prior year. the growth over the prior year was most notable in the u.s. and emea, primarily due to strong sales of credit research, licensing of ratings data and economic analysis and data. the acquisition of lewtan in late 2014 also contributed to growth
46   moody’s 2016 10k over the prior year. in the u.s., revenue of $351.9 million increased $45.1 million compared to 2014. internationally, revenue increased $9.5 million compared to the prior year and included an approximate $24 million unfavorable impact relating to unfavorable changes in fx translation rates.
global ers revenue of $374.0 million in 2015 increased $45.5 million, or 14%, over 2014. excluding the unfavorable impact of changes in fx translation rates, ers revenue grew 19%. this growth reflects increases across all product offerings with particular strength in the credit assessment and origination business which included revenue recognized internationally from a large software implementation engagement for which vsoe for the annual software maintenance was established near the conclusion of the project. additionally, the acquisition of webequity contributed to the revenue growth. revenue in ers is subject to quarterly volatility resulting from the variable nature of project timing and the concentration of software implementation and license revenue in a relatively small number of engagements. in the u.s., revenue of $131.2 million increased $21.1 million compared to 2014. internationally, revenue of $242.8 million increased $24.4 million compared to the prior year and included an approximate $17 million unfavorable impact relating to changes in fx translation rates.
revenue from ps was $149.9 million and decreased $18.3 million, or 11%, from 2014. excluding the unfavorable impact from changes in fx translation rates, ps revenue declined 7% primarily due to the company exiting certain copal amba product lines late in 2014 as well as attrition outpacing sales growth at copal amba as global banks adjusted their business activities. in the u.s., revenue of $51.6 million decreased $5.0 million compared to 2014. internationally, revenue decreased $13.3 million compared to the prior year and included an approximate $6 million unfavorable impact reflecting changes in fx translation rates.
operating and sg&a expenses in 2015 increased $53.7 million compared to 2014. the expense growth reflects an approximate $39 million increase in compensation costs primarily due to higher headcount to support business growth as well as higher headcount in support areas, for which the costs are allocated to each segment based on a revenue- split methodology. headcount from the acquisitions of webequity and lewtan as well as annual merit increases also contributed to the compensation expense growth. non-compensation expenses increased approximately $15 million due to higher costs for continued investment in it infrastructure as well as costs related to ers product development and project delivery. also, the expense growth reflected additional non-compensation costs related to the acquisitions of webequity and lewtan. changes in fx translation rates had an approximate $29 million favorable impact on ma operating expenses in 2015 compared to the prior year.
adjusted operating income was $279.5 million in 2015 and increased $22.0 million compared to the same period in 2014. operating income of $232.0 million in 2015 increased $20.7 million compared to the same period in 2014. adjusted operating margin in 2015 was 24.0%, up 20 bps from 2014. operating margin was 19.9% in 2015, up 40 bps from the prior year. adjusted operating income and operating income both include intersegment revenue and expense.
market risk foreign exchange risk:
moody’s maintains a presence in 35 countries outside the u.s. in 2016, approximately 36% and 27% of both the company’s revenue and expenses, respectively were denominated in functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, principally in the british pound and the euro. as such, the company is exposed to market risk from changes in fx rates. as of december 31, 2016, approximately 62% of moody’s assets were located outside the u.s. making the company susceptible to fluctuations in fx rates. the effects of translating assets and liabilities of non-u.s. operations with non-u.s. functional currencies to the u.s. dollar are charged or credited to aoci in the consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity (deficit).
the effects of revaluing assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency are charged to other non-operating income (expense), net in the company’s consolidated statements of operations. accordingly, the company enters into foreign exchange forwards to partially mitigate the change in fair value on certain assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency. if the british pound were to weaken 10% relative to the euro, there would be an approximate $3 million unfavorable impact to the fair value of the forward contracts. additionally, if the singapore dollar were to devalue 10% compared to the euro, there would be an approximate $3 million unfavorable impact to the fair value of the forward contracts. the change in fair value of the foreign exchange forward contracts would be offset by fx revaluation gains or losses on underlying assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than a subsidiary’s functional currency. additional information on the company’s forward contracts can be found in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 of this form 10k.
additionally, the company enters into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the exposure related to non-u.s. dollar net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries against adverse changes in foreign exchange rates. if there is any ineffectiveness in the net investment hedges, any change in the fair value of these hedges allocated to the ineffectiveness would be recognized immediately in other non-operating (expense) income in the company’s consolidated statements of operations. for the year ended december 31, 2016, all gains and losses on these derivatives designated as net investment hedges were recognized in oci. if the british pound were to appreciate 10% compared to the euro, there would be an approximate $3 million favorable impact to the foreign currency forward des-
moody’s 2016 10k   47
ignated as a net investment hedge with a british pound/euro currency pairing. these adjustments would partially offset the currency translation adjustment component of aoci. additional information on the company’s forward contracts designated as net investment hedges can be found in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 of this form 10k.
also, the company has designated €400 million of the 2015 senior notes as a net investment hedge to mitigate fx exposure relating to euro denominated net investments in subsidiaries. if the euro were to strengthen 10% relative to the u.s. dollar, there would be an approximate $42 million unfavorable adjustment to oci. this adjustment would be offset by favorable translation adjustments on the company’s euro net investment in subsidiaries.
in conjunction with the designation of a portion of the 2015 senior notes as a net investment hedge, the company entered into a cross-currency swap (exchanging €100 million for u.s. dollars) to mitigate fx exposure on the remaining principal balance of the 2015 senior notes not designated as a net investment hedge. if the euro were to weaken 10% relative to the u.s. dollar, there would be an approximate $13 million unfavorable impact to the fair value of the cross-currency swap which would be partially offset by favorable revaluation gains on the €100 million of the 2015 senior notes which were not designated as a net investment hedge.
moody’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short- term investments of $2.2 billion at december 31, 2016 consisted of $1.7 billion located outside the u.s. approximately 40% of the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short term investments at december 31, 2016 were held in currencies other than usd. as such, a decrease in the value of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar, particularly the euro and gbp, could reduce the reported amount of usd cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments.
credit and interest rate risk:
the company’s interest rate risk management objectives are to reduce the funding cost and volatility to the company and to alter the interest rate exposure to the desired risk profile. moody’s uses interest rate swaps as deemed necessary to assist in accomplishing these objectives.
the company is exposed to interest rate risk on its various outstanding fixed rate debt for which the fair value of the outstanding fixed rate debt fluctuates based on changes in interest rates. the company has entered into interest rate swaps to convert the fixed rate of interest on certain of its borrowings to a floating rate based on the 3-month libor. these swaps are adjusted to fair market value based on prevailing interest rates at the end of each reporting period and fluctuations are recorded as a reduction or addition to the carrying value of the borrowing, while net interest payments are recorded as interest expense/income in the company’s consolidated statement of operations. a hypothetical change of 100bps in the libor-based swap rate would result in an approximate $37 million change to the fair value of these interest rate swaps.
additional information on these interest rate swaps is disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 of this form 10-k.
moody’s cash equivalents consist of investments in high-quality investment-grade securities within and outside the u.s. with maturities of three months or less when purchased. the company manages its credit risk exposure by allocating its cash equivalents among various money market mutual funds, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit and issuers of high-grade commercial paper and by limiting the amount it can invest with any single issuer. short-term investments primarily consist of certificates of deposit.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow the company is currently financing its operations, capital expenditures and share repurchases from operating and financing cash flow.
the following is a summary of the changes in the company’s cash flows followed by a brief discussion of these changes:
year ended december 31,                                 year ended december 31,
2016                    2015                           $ change       2015                    2014                           $ change favorable                                                             favorable
(unfavorable)                                                         (unfavorable)
net cash provided by operating activities                    $1,226.1               $1,153.6                    $72.5           $1,153.6                  $1,018.6                   $135.0
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities            $102.0               $(92.0        )            $194.0           $(92.0        )           $(564.9       )            $472.9
net cash used in financing activities                       $(1,009.8     )         $(461.0       )           $(548.8   )       $(461.0       )           $(1,064.5     )            $603.5
free cash flow*                                              $1,110.9               $1,064.6                    $46.3           $1,064.6                  $944.0                     $120.6
*   free cash flow is a non-gaap measure and is defined by the company as net cash provided by operating activities minus cash paid for capital additions. refer to the section “non-gaap financial measures” of this md&amp;a for further information on this financial measure.

48   moody’s 2016 10k net cash provided by operating activities year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015:
net cash flows from operating activities increased $72.5 million compared to the prior year. the following non-cash items partially offset by a decrease in net income of $673.8 million impacted net cash provided by operating activities in the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the same period in 2015:
»   a $171.2 million decrease primarily relating to a deferred income tax benefit reflecting the deductible portion of the settlement charge which will be paid in 2017; and

»   a $36.6 million decrease primarily relating to an fx gain from the liquidation of a subsidiary.

in addition to the non-cash items discussed above, the following working capital changes resulted in higher net cash flows provided by operating activities:
»   an $863.8 million increase relating to an accrued settlement charge in 2016;

»   an approximate $64 million increase due to the timing of income tax payments;

»   an approximate $43 million increase relating to higher deferred revenue reflecting overall business growth; and

»   an approximate $43 million increase reflecting higher incentive compensation payouts in 2015 compared to 2016 as well as higher incentive compensation accruals reflecting greater achievement against full-year targeted results in 2016 compared to 2015;

partially offset by:
»   an approximate $79 million decrease in cash flow from changes in accounts receivable balances primarily reflecting greater growth in accounts receivable in 2016 compared to 2015. approximately 30% and 33% of the company’s accounts receivable at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, represent unbilled receivables which primarily reflect certain annual fees in mis which are billed in arrears.

additionally, the company made approximately $22 million in contributions to its funded u.s. pension plan in both 2016 and 2015.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014:
net cash flows from operating activities increased $135.0 million compared to the prior year. the following non-cash items partially offset by a decrease in net income of $56.4 million (prior year net income included the non-cash icra gain) impacted cash provided by operating activities in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014:
»   a $17.9 million increase in depreciation and amortization primarily reflecting intangible assets acquired in the company’s 2014 acquisitions as well as an increase in the company’s capital expenditures to support investment in it infrastructure and operations; and

»   a $102.8 million increase reflecting the non-cash icra gain in the prior year.

in addition to the non-cash items discussed above, the following working capital changes resulted in higher net cash flows provided by operating activities:
»   a $72.9 million increase in cash flow from changes in accounts receivable balances primarily reflecting overall business growth. approximately 33% and 29% of the company’s accounts receivable at december 31,
2015 and 2014, respectively, represent unbilled receivables which primarily reflect certain annual fees in mis which are billed in arrears;

»   an approximate $34 million increase due to the timing of income tax payments;

partially offset by:
»   an approximate $58 million decrease primarily relating to higher incentive compensation payouts in 2015 compared to 2014 which reflected greater achievement against full-year targeted results in 2014 compared to 2013 as well as higher headcount.

additionally, the company made approximately $22 million and $34 million in contributions to its funded u.s. pension plan in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015:
the $194.0 million increase in cash flows provided by investing activities compared to 2015 primarily reflects:
»   higher net maturities of short-term investments of $354.7 million;

moody’s 2016 10k   49
partially offset by:
»   a $73.2 million increase in cash paid for acquisitions and equity investments primarily due to the acquisition of ggy in 2016;

»   net cash paid of $23.1 million for the settlement of forward contracts designated as net investment hedges in 2016 compared to cash received of $39.7 million in 2015; and

»   higher capital expenditures of approximately $26 million reflecting investment in the company’s it and operational infrastructure.

year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014:
the $472.9 million decrease in cash flows used in investing activities compared to 2014 primarily reflects:
»   two immaterial acquisitions in 2015 compared to three larger transactions in 2014 totaling $239.7 million. the acquisitions in 2014 consisted of additional equity shares acquired of icra limited to achieve a controlling interest as well as the acquisitions of webequity and lewtan.

»   lower net purchases of investments of $237.2 million.

net cash used in financing activities year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015:
the $548.8 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributed to:
»   $852.8 million from the issuance of long-term debt in 2015, no long-term debt was issued in 2016;

»   $45.4 million paid to acquire the non-controlling interest of kis and additional shares of kis pricing;

partially offset by:
»   treasury shares repurchased of $738.8 million in 2016 compared to $1,098.1 million repurchased in 2015.

year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014:
the $603.5 million decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributed to:
»   treasury shares repurchased of $1,220.5 million in 2014 compared to $1,098.1 million repurchased in 2015;

»   cash paid of $183.8 million in 2014 to obtain 100% ownership in copal amba;

»   $300 million paid in 2014 in the early repayment of the series 2005-1 notes;

»   a $105.1 million increase from the issuance of long-term debt;

partially offset by:
»   a decrease in proceeds from the exercise of employee stock options of $60.2 million reflecting a lower amount exercised in 2015;

»   higher dividends paid to mco shareholders of $36.1 million reflecting $1.36 per share paid in 2015 compared to $1.12 per share paid in 2014.

cash and short-term investments held in non-u.s. jurisdictions the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $2.2 billion at december 31, 2016 consisted of approximately $1.7 billion located outside of the u.s. approximately 26% of the company’s aggregate cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments is denominated in euros and british pounds. approximately 95% of the cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments in the company’s non-u.s. operations are held by entities whose undistributed earnings are indefinitely reinvested in the company’s foreign operations. accordingly, the company has not provided for deferred income taxes on these indefinitely reinvested earnings. a future distribution or change in assertion regarding reinvestment by the foreign subsidiaries relating to these earnings could result in additional tax liability to the company. it is not practicable to determine the amount of the potential additional tax liability due to complexities in the tax laws and in the hypothetical calculations that would have to be made. the company manages both its u.s. and international cash flow to maintain sufficient liquidity in all regions to effectively meet its operating needs.
other material future cash requirements the company believes that it has the financial resources needed to meet its cash requirements and expects to have positive operating cash flow in 2017. cash requirements for periods beyond the next twelve months will depend, among other things, on the company’s profitability and its ability to manage working capital requirements. the company may also borrow from various sources.
the company remains committed to using its strong cash flow to create value for shareholders by investing in growing areas of the business, reinvesting in ratings quality initiatives, making selective acquisitions, repurchasing stock and paying a dividend, all in manner consistent with maintaining sufficient liquidity after giving effect to any additional indebtedness that may be incurred. in december 2016, the board of directors of the company declared a quarterly dividend of $0.38 per share of moody’s common stock, payable on march 10, 2017 to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 20, 2017. the continued payment of dividends at this
50   moody’s 2016 10k rate, or at all, is subject to the discretion of the board. in december 2015, the board authorized $1.0 billion of share repurchase authority, which had a remaining repurchase authority of approximately $727 million at december 31, 2016. full-year 2017 total share repurchases are expected to be approximately $500 million, subject to available cash, market conditions and other ongoing capital allocation decisions.
in january 2017, the company reached an agreement with the doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia to resolve pending and potential civil claims as more fully discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k. in accordance with this agreement, the company will be required to pay a settlement amount of $863.8 million, most of which is expected to be paid in the first quarter of 2017. accordingly, in order to manage near-term liquidity needs in light of this settlement payment, the company began borrowing under its cp program in the first quarter of 2017 as more fully discussed in “indebtedness” below.
on february 6, 2008, the company entered into an operating lease agreement to occupy six floors of an office tower located in the canary wharf district of london, england. the canary wharf lease has an initial term of 17.5- years with a total of 15 years of renewal options. the total base rent of the canary wharf lease over its initial 17.5-year term is approximately £134 million, and the company began making base rent payments in 2011. in addition to the base rent payments the company will be obligated to pay certain customary amounts for its share of operating expenses and tax obligations. the total remaining lease payments as of december 31, 2016 are approximately £86 million, of which approximately £10 million will be paid in the next twelve months. payments under this lease agreement are included in the contractual obligations table below.
on october 20, 2006, the company entered into an operating lease agreement with 7 world trade center, llc for 589,945 square-feet of an office building located at 7wtc at 250 greenwich street, new york, new york, which is serving as moody’s headquarters. the 7wtc lease has an initial term of 21 years with a total of 20 years of renewal options. on march 28, 2007, the 7wtc lease agreement was amended for the company to lease an additional 78,568 square-feet at 7wtc. the total remaining lease payments for the 7wtc leases noted above are $389 million as of december 31, 2016, of which approximately $35 million will be paid during the next twelve months. payments under this lease agreement are included in the contractual obligations table below.
indebtedness at december 31, 2016, moody’s had $3.4 billion of outstanding debt and $1.0 billion of additional capacity available under the company’s cp program which is backstopped by the 2015 facility as more fully discussed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements. there were no borrowings outstanding under the cp program or 2015 facility at december 31, 2016. in the first quarter of 2017, the company began issuing cp to manage liquidity needs in light of the settlement payment to be made in the first quarter 2017 relating to a settlement charge as more fully discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this form 10-k. as of february 22, 2017, the company had $566.0 million of cp borrowings outstanding that have a weighted average maturity and interest rate of 63 days and 1.18%, respectively. at december 31, 2016, the company was in compliance with all covenants contained within all of the debt agreements. the 2015 facility, the 2007 agreement, the 2010 indenture, the 2012 indenture, the 2013 indenture, the 2014 indenture and the 2015 indenture contain cross default provisions. these provisions state that default under one of the aforementioned debt instruments could in turn permit lenders under other debt instruments to declare borrowings outstanding under those instruments to be immediately due and payable. at december 31, 2016, there were no such cross defaults.
the repayment schedule for the company’s borrowings outstanding at december 31, 2016 is as follows:
year ended december 31,     series 2007-1     2010 senior     2012 senior     2013 senior     2014 senior     2014 senior     2015 senior            total notes           notes           notes           notes           notes           notes           notes
(5-year)       (30-year)
2017*            $300.0              $—              $—              $—              $—              $—              $—           $300.0
2018                             —               —               —               —               —               —                    —
2019            —                —               —               —               450.0           —               —                450.0
2020            —                500.0           —               —                               —               —                500.0
2021            —                                                —               —               —               —                    —
thereafter            —                —               500.0           500.0           —               600.0           527.4          2,127.4
total            $300.0          $500.0          $500.0          $500.0          $450.0          $600.0          $527.4         $3,377.4
*             on february 16, 2017, the company notified the holders of the series 2007-1 notes that it intends to prepay the notes on march 20, 2017 in accordance with provisions set forth in the 2007 agreement. accordingly, the company will make cash payments to the holders of the series 2007-1 notes totaling approximately $316 million in the first quarter of 2017 (payment consists of $300 million of principal, approximately $8 million in accrued interest, and approximately $8 million in pre-payment penalties).

management may consider pursuing additional long-term financing when it is appropriate in light of cash requirements for operations, share repurchases and other strategic opportunities, which would result in higher financing costs.
moody’s 2016 10k   51
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2016, moody’s did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as special purpose or variable interest entities where moody’s is the primary beneficiary, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such, moody’s is not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if it had engaged in such relationships.
contractual obligations the following table presents payments due under the company’s contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016:
payments due by period
(in millions)                       total     less than 1             1-3 years             3-5 years              over 5 years year indebtedness (1)                 $4,832.4          $438.3                $690.2                $697.5                  $3,006.4
operating lease obligations         743.9           101.9                 161.0                 137.2                     343.8
purchase obligations                132.2            55.0                  56.5                  20.7                    —
capital lease obligations             0.7             0.5                   0.2                     —                    —
pension obligations (2)             152.9            17.2                  45.0                  24.6                      66.1
settlement charge (3)               863.8           863.8                     —                     —                    —
total(4)                         $6,725.9        $1,476.7                $952.9                $880.0                  $3,416.3
(1)   reflects principal payments, related interest and applicable fees due on the series 2007-1 notes, the 2010 senior notes, the 2012 senior notes, the 2013 senior notes, the 2014 senior notes (5-year), the 2014 senior notes (30-year), the 2015 senior notes and the 2015 facility as described in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.

(2)   reflects projected contributions to the company’s funded u.s. dbpp and payments relating to the company’s u.s. unfunded dbpps and retirement and other plans described in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements

(3)   reflects an agreement with the u.s. doj and the attorneys general of 21 u.s. states and the district of columbia to resolve pending and potential civil claims related to the mis segment as more fully discussed in note
19 to the consolidated financial statements.

(4)   the table above does not include the company’s net long-term tax liabilities of $199.8 million relating to utb and legacy tax matters, since the expected cash outflow of such amounts by period cannot be reasonably estimated.

non-gaap financial measures:
in addition to its reported results, moody’s has included in this md&a certain adjusted results that the sec defines as “non-gaap financial measures.” management believes that such non-gaap financial measures, when read in conjunction with the company’s reported results, can provide useful supplemental information for investors analyzing period to period comparisons of the company’s performance, facilitate comparisons to competitors’ operating results and can provide greater transparency to investors of supplemental information used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. these non-gaap measures, as defined by the company, are not necessarily comparable to similarly defined measures of other companies. furthermore, these non-gaap measures should not be viewed in isolation or used as a substitute for other gaap measures in assessing the operating performance or cash flows of the company. below are brief descriptions of the company’s non-gaap financial measures accompanied by a reconciliation of the non-gaap measure to its most directly comparable gaap measure:
constant currency measures:
the company presents certain of its revenue on a constant currency basis because management deems this metric to be a useful measure of assessing the operations of the company in times of foreign exchange rate volatility. constant currency measures exclude the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on operating results. the company calculates the dollar impact of foreign exchange as the difference between the translation of its current period non-usd functional currency results using prior comparative period weighted average foreign exchange translation rates and current year as reported results. growth rates on a constant currency basis are determined based on the difference between current period revenue translated using prior period comparative weighted average exchange rates and prior period as reported results divided by prior as reported results. below is a reconciliation of the company’s as reported revenue changes to the revenue changes on a constant currency basis:
year ended december 31, 2016
rd&amp;a                         ers                              ps                                 total external revenue                          revenue                          revenue                            ma revenue
$                 %              $                 %              $                 %                $                     %
reported change            $41.2             7       %      $44.8             12      %      $(2.9     )           (2   %)      $83.1                 7         %
fx impact                  16.4              2       %      9.8               3       %      2.6               2        %       28.8                  3         %
constant currency change   $57.6             9       %      $54.6             15      %      $(0.3     )           —            $111.9                10        %
52   moody’s 2016 10k adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin:
the company presents adjusted operating income because management deems this metric to be a useful measure of assessing the operating performance of moody’s. adjusted operating income excludes depreciation and amortization as well as goodwill impairment charges because companies utilize productive assets of different ages and use different methods of acquiring productive assets including goodwill. companies also have different methods of depreciating and amortizing productive assets as well as different methods of valuing goodwill. adjusted operating income also excludes restructuring charges and the settlement charge as the frequency and magnitude of these charges may vary widely across periods and companies. management believes that the exclusion of these items, detailed in the reconciliation below, allows for an additional perspective on the company’s operating results from period to period and across companies. the company defines adjusted operating margin as adjusted operating income divided by revenue. below is a reconciliation of the company’s operating income and operating margin to adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin:
year ended december 31,
2016                   2015                    2014
operating income                         $638.7                $1,473.4                $1,439.1
adjustments:
restructuring                              12.0                       —                       —
depreciation and amortization             126.7                   113.5                    95.6
settlement charge                         863.8                       —                       —
adjusted operating income              $1,641.2                $1,586.9                $1,534.7
operating margin                           17.7    %               42.3    %               43.2   %
adjusted operating margin                  45.5    %               45.5    %               46.0   %
adjusted net income and diluted eps the company presents these adjusted measures to exclude: i.) the settlement charge in 2016, ii.) restructuring charges, iii.) an fx gain related to the substantial liquidation of a subsidiary, iv.) legacy tax benefits and v.) the icra gain as the frequency and magnitude of these matters may vary widely across periods and companies. these measures allow for an additional perspective when comparing moody’s net income and diluted earnings per share from period to period. below is a reconciliation of these measures to their most directly comparable u.s. gaap amount:
moody’s 2016 10k   53
year ended december 31,
2016       2015                                  2014
net income attributable to moody’s common shareholders                                           $266.6                                $941.3                                      $988.7
pre-tax restructuring                                                       $12.0                                 $—                                    $—
tax on restructuring                                                         (3.9   )                                 —                                      —
net restructuring                                                                                   8.1                                 —                                               —
pre-tax settlement charge                                                  $863.8                                 $—                                    $—
tax on settlement charge                                                   (163.1   )                                 —                                      —
net settlement charge                                                                             700.7                                 —                                               —
fx gain on liquidation of a subsidiary                                                            (34.8   )                             —                                               —
legacy tax benefit                                                                                    —                                 (6.4    )                                    (6.4   )
pre-tax icra gain                                                               —                                     —                                      (102.8   )
tax on icra gain                                                                —                                     —                                 24.3
net icra gain                                                                                         —                                 —                                           (78.5   )
adjusted net income attributable to moody’s common shareholders                                  $940.6                                $934.9                                      $903.8
year ended december 31,
2016       2015                                  2014
diluted eps attributable to moody’s common shareholders—gaap                                      $1.36                                 $4.63                                       $4.61
pre-tax restructuring                                                       $0.06                                 $—                                    $—
tax on restructuring                                                        (0.02   )                                 —                                      —
net restructuring                                                                                  0.04                                 —                                               —
pre-tax settlement charge                                                   $4.42                                 $—                                    $—
tax on settlement charge                                                    (0.83   )                                 —                                      —
net settlement charge                                                                              3.59                                 —                                               —
fx gain on liquidation of a subsidiary                                                            (0.18   )                             —                                               —
legacy tax benefit                                                                                    —                                 (0.03   )                                   (0.03   )
pre-tax icra gain                                                               —                                     —                                      (0.48    )
tax on icra gain                                                                —                                     —                                 0.11
net icra gain                                                                                         —                                 —                                           (0.37   )
adjusted diluted eps attributable to moody’s                                                      $4.81                                 $4.60                                       $4.21
common shareholders free cash flow:
the company defines free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities minus payments for capital additions. management believes that free cash flow is a useful metric in assessing the company’s cash flows to service debt, pay dividends and to fund acquisitions and share repurchases. management deems capital expenditures essential to the company’s product and service innovations and maintenance of moody’s operational capabilities. accordingly, capital expenditures are deemed to be a recurring use of moody’s cash flow. below is a reconciliation of the company’s net cash flows from operating activities to free cash flow:
54   moody’s 2016 10k year ended december 31,
2016                     2015                     2014
net cash provided by operating activities                      $1,226.1             $1,153.6                 $1,018.6
capital additions                                                (115.2    )               (89.0    )               (74.6   )
free cash flow                                                 $1,110.9             $1,064.6                 $944.0
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities              $102.0             $(92.0          )        $(564.9        )
net cash used in financing activities                         $(1,009.8    )        $(461.0         )        $(1,064.5      )
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements located in item 8 on this form 10-k for a discussion on the impact to the company relating to recently issued accounting pronouncements.
contingencies for information regarding legal proceedings, see part ii, item 8 – “financial statements”, note 19 “contingencies” in this form 10-k.
forward-looking statements certain statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking statements and are based on future expectations, plans and prospects for the company’s business and operations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. such statements involve estimates, projections, goals, forecasts, assumptions and uncertainties that could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. those statements appear at various places throughout this annual report on form 10-k, including in the sections entitled “contingencies” under item 7. “md&a”, commencing on page 28 of this annual report on form 10-k, under “legal proceedings” in part i, item 3, of this form 10-k, and elsewhere in the context of statements containing the words “believe”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “plan”, “will”, “predict”, “potential”, “continue”, “strategy”, “aspire”, “target”, “forecast”, “project”, “estimate”, “should”, “could”, “may” and similar expressions or words and variations thereof relating to the company’s views on future events, trends and contingencies. stockholders and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. the forward-looking statements and other information are made as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k, and the company undertakes no obligation (nor does it intend) to publicly supplement, update or revise such statements on a going-forward basis, whether as a result of subsequent developments, changed expectations or otherwise. in connection with the “safe harbor” provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, the company is identifying examples of factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ, perhaps materially, from those indicated by these forward-looking statements.
those factors, risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, world-wide credit market disruptions or an economic slowdown, which could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets; other matters that could affect the volume of debt and other securities issued in domestic and/or global capital markets, including regulation, credit quality concerns, changes in interest rates and other volatility in the financial markets such as that due to the u.k.’s referendum vote whereby the u.k. citizens voted to withdraw from the eu; the level of merger and acquisition activity in the u.s. and abroad; the uncertain effectiveness and possible collateral consequences of u.s. and foreign government actions affecting world-wide credit markets, international trade and economic policy; concerns in the marketplace affecting our credibility or otherwise affecting market perceptions of the integrity or utility of independent credit agency ratings; the introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies; pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers; the level of success of new product development and global expansion; the impact of regulation as an nrsro, the potential for new u.s., state and local legislation and regulations, including provisions in the financial reform act and regulations resulting from that act; the potential for increased competition and regulation in the eu and other foreign jurisdictions; exposure to litigation related to our rating opinions, as well as any other litigation, government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquires to which the company may be subject from time to time; provisions in the financial reform act legislation modifying the pleading standards, and eu regulations modifying the liability standards, applicable to credit rating agencies in a manner adverse to credit rating agencies; provisions of eu regulations imposing additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services; the possible loss of key employees; failures or malfunctions of our operations and infrastructure; any vulnerabilities to cyber threats or other cybersecurity concerns; the outcome of any review by controlling tax authorities of the company’s global tax planning initiatives; exposure to potential criminal sanctions or civil remedies if the company fails to comply with foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that are applicable in the jurisdictions in which the company operates, including sanctions laws, anti-corruption laws, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials; the impact of mergers, acquisitions or other business combinations and the ability of the company to successfully integrate acquired businesses; currency and foreign exchange volatility; the level of future cash flows; the levels of capital investments; and a decline in the demand for credit risk management tools by financial institutions. these factors, risks and uncertainties as well as other risks and uncertainties that could cause moody’s actual moody’s 2016 10k   55
results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements are described in greater detail under “risk factors” in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016, and in other filings made by the company from time to time with the sec or in materials incorporated herein or therein. stockholders and investors are cautioned that the occurrence of any of these factors, risks and uncertainties may cause the company’s actual results to differ materially from those contemplated, expressed, projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements, which could have a material and adverse effect on the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. new factors may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for the company to predict new factors, nor can the company assess the potential effect of any new factors on it.
