item 1a.   risk factors in addition to the other information provided in this form 10-k, the following risk factors should be considered when evaluating an investment in shares of the company's common stock. if any of the events described in these risks were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
the floor covering industry is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, such as consumer confidence, income and spending, corporate and government spending, interest rate levels, availability of credit and demand for housing. significant or prolonged declines in the u.s. or global economies could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
downturns in the u.s. and global economies, negatively impact the floor covering industry and the company's business. during times of economic uncertainty or decline, end consumers tend to spend less on remodeling their homes, which is how the company derives a majority of its sales. likewise new home construction - and the corresponding need for new flooring materials - tends to slow down during recessionary periods. although the impact of a decline in new construction activity is typically accompanied by an increase in remodeling and replacement activity, these activities lagged in the most recent downturn. although the difficult economic conditions have improved in the u.s., european and other markets have not recovered as quickly and there may be additional downturns that could cause the industry to deteriorate in the foreseeable future. a significant or prolonged decline in residential or commercial remodeling or new construction activity could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
the company may be unable to predict customer preferences or demand accurately, or to respond to technological developments.
the company operates in a market sector where demand is strongly influenced by rapidly changing customer preferences as to product design and technical features. failure to quickly and effectively respond to changing customer demand or technological developments could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the company faces intense competition in the flooring industry that could decrease demand for the company's products or force it to lower prices, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the floor covering industry is highly competitive. the company faces competition from a number of manufacturers and independent distributors. maintaining the company's competitive position may require substantial investments in the company's product development efforts, manufacturing facilities, distribution network and sales and marketing activities. competitive pressures may also result in decreased demand for the company's products or force the company to lower prices. moreover, a strong u.s. dollar combined with lower fuel costs may contribute to more attractive pricing for imports that compete with the company's products, which may put pressure on the company's pricing.  any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
changes in the global economy could affect the company's overall availability and cost of credit.
despite recent improvement in overall economic conditions in the u.s., continued weakness elsewhere in the world or changes in market conditions could impact the company's ability to obtain financing in the future, including any financing necessary to refinance existing indebtedness. the cost and availability of credit during uncertain economic times could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition.
further, negative economic conditions may factor into the company's periodic credit ratings assessment by moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"), standard & poor's financial services, llc ("s&p") and fitch, inc. any future changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength and any downgrades in the company's credit ratings could increase the cost of its existing credit and could adversely affect the cost of and ability to obtain additional credit in the future. the company can provide no assurances that downgrades will not occur.
10
index to financial statements if the company were unable to meet certain covenants contained in its existing credit facilities, it may be required to repay borrowings under the credit facilities prior to their maturity and may lose access to the credit facilities for additional borrowings that may be necessary to fund its operations and growth strategy.
on march 26, 2015, the company entered into a $1,800 million, senior revolving credit facility (the "2015 senior credit facility"). as of december 31, 2016, the amount utilized under the 2015 senior credit facility, including the commercial paper issuance, was $881.9 million resulting in a total of $918.1 million available. the amount utilized included $820.3 million of commercial paper issued, $60.7 million of direct borrowings, and $0.9 million of standby letters of credit related to various insurance contracts and foreign vendor commitments. in addition, on december 19, 2012, the company entered into an on-balance sheet u.s. trade accounts receivable securitization agreement (the "securitization facility") that after an amendment on september 11, 2014 allows the company to borrow up to $500 million based on available accounts receivable and is secured by the company's u.s. trade accounts receivable. at december 31, 2016, the amount utilized under the securitization facility was $500.0 million.
during the term of the credit facilities, if the company's cash flow is worse than expected or the u.s. trade accounts receivables are lower than expected, the company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness through a public and/or private debt offering or a new bank facility and may not be able to do so on terms acceptable to it, or at all. if the company is unable to access debt markets at competitive rates or in sufficient amounts due to credit rating downgrades, market volatility, market disruption, or weakness in the company's businesses, the company's ability to finance its operations or repay existing debt obligations may be materially and adversely affected.
additionally, the credit facilities include certain affirmative and negative covenants that impose restrictions on the company's financial and business operations, including limitations on liens, indebtedness, fundamental changes, asset dispositions, dividends and other similar restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, payments and modifications of certain existing debt, future negative pledges, and changes in the nature of the company's business. in addition, the 2015 senior credit facility requires the company to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 3.75 to 1.0. a failure to comply with the obligations contained in our current or future credit facilities or indentures relating to our outstanding public debt could result in an event of default or an acceleration of debt under other instruments that may contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. we cannot be certain that we would have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
fluctuations in currency exchange rates may impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and may affect the comparability of results between the company's financial periods.
the results of the company's foreign subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars from the local currency for consolidated reporting. the exchange rates between some of these currencies and the u.s. dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may continue to do so in the future. the company may not be able to manage effectively the company's currency translation risks, and volatility in currency exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial statements and affect comparability of the company's results between financial periods.
the company has significant operations in emerging markets, including bulgaria, malaysia, mexico and russia, therefore, has exposure to doing business in potentially unstable areas of the world.
operations in emerging markets are subject to greater risk than more developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. market conditions and the political structures that support them are subject to rapid change in these economies, and the company may not be able to react quickly enough to protect its assets and business operations. in particular, developing markets in which the company operates may be characterized by one or more of the following:
•   complex and conflicting laws and regulations, which may be inconsistently or arbitrarily enforced;
•   high incidences of corruption in state regulatory agencies;
•   volatile inflation;
•   widespread poverty and resulting political instability;
•   compliance with laws governing international relations, including u.s. laws that relate to sanctions and corruptions;
•   immature legal and banking systems;
•   uncertainty with respect to title to real and personal property;
11
index to financial statements
•   underdeveloped infrastructure;
•   heavy state control of natural resources and energy supplies;
•   state ownership of transportation and supply chain assets;
•   high protective tariffs and inefficient customs processes; and
•   high crime rates.
changes in any one or a combination of these factors could have a material adverse affect on the company's business.
in periods of rising costs, the company may be unable to pass raw materials, labor, energy and fuel-related cost increases on to its customers, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the prices of raw materials, labor, energy and fuel-related costs vary significantly with market conditions. while the company is currently experiencing a low-cost environment with respect to energy and fuel related costs, the company expects these costs to rise in the future. although the company generally attempts to pass on increases in raw material, labor, energy and fuel-related costs to its customers, the company's ability to do so is dependent upon the rate and magnitude of any increase, competitive pressures and market conditions for the company's products. there have been in the past, and may be in the future, periods of time during which increases in these costs cannot be recovered. during such periods of time, the company's business may be materially adversely affected.
the company may be unable to obtain raw materials or sourced product on a timely basis, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the principal raw materials used in the company's manufacturing operations include triexta, nylon, polypropylene, and polyester resins and fibers, which are used in the company's carpet and rugs business; clay, talc, nepheline syenite and glazes, including frit (ground glass), zircon and stains, which are used in the company's ceramic tile business; wood, paper, and resins which are used in the company's wood and laminate flooring business; and glass fiber, plasticizers, and pvc resins, which are used in the company's vinyl and luxury vinyl tile business. in addition to raw materials, the company sources finished goods. for certain raw materials and sourced products, the company is dependent on one or a small number of suppliers. an adverse change in the company's relationship with such a supplier, the financial condition of such a supplier or such supplier's ability to manufacture or deliver such raw materials or sourced products to the company could lead to an interruption of supply or require the company to purchase more expensive alternatives. an extended interruption in the supply of these or other raw materials or sourced products used in the company's business or in the supply of suitable substitute materials or products would disrupt the company's operations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company relies on information systems in managing the company's operations and any system failure or deficiencies of such systems may have an adverse effect on the company's business.
the company's businesses rely on sophisticated software applications to obtain, process, analyze and manage data. the company relies on these systems to, among other things:
•   facilitate the purchase, management, distribution, and payment for inventory items;
•   manage and monitor the daily operations of our distribution network;
•   receive, process and ship orders on a timely basis;
•   manage accurate billing to and collections from customers;
•   control logistics and quality control for our retail operations;
•   manage financial reporting; and
•   monitor point of sale activity.
we also rely on our computer hardware, software and network for the storage, delivery and transmission of data to our sales and distribution systems, and certain of our production processes are managed and conducted by computer.
12
index to financial statements any event that causes interruptions to the input, retrieval and transmission of data or increase in the service time, whether caused by human error, natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, system conversion, cyber attacks including and not limited to hacking, intrusions, malware or otherwise, could disrupt our normal operations. there can be no assurance that we can effectively carry out our disaster recovery plan to handle the failure of our information systems, or that we will be able to restore our operational capacity within sufficient time to avoid material disruption to our business. the occurrence of any of these events could cause unanticipated disruptions in service, decreased customer service and customer satisfaction, harm to our reputation and loss or misappropriation of sensitive information, which could result in loss of customers, increased operating expenses and financial losses. any such events could in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.
the company's inability to maintain its patent licensing revenues in its laminate flooring business could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the profit margins of certain of the company's businesses, particularly the company's laminate flooring business, depend in part upon the company's ability to obtain, maintain and license proprietary technology used in the company's principal product families.
the company has obtained a number of patents relating to the company's products and associated methods and has filed applications for additional patents, including the uniclic and pergo family of patents, which protect its interlocking laminate flooring technology. the company generated approximately $148 million of earnings from licensing these patents in 2016, the majority of which will expire in 2017. the company continues to develop new sources of revenue that may partially offset the expiration of its revenue-producing patents. the failure to develop alternative revenues could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company may experience certain risks associated with acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments.
the company intends to grow its business through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. growth through acquisitions involves risks, many of which may continue to affect the company after the acquisition. the company cannot give assurance that an acquired company will achieve the levels of revenue, profitability and production that the company expects. acquisitions may require the issuance of additional securities or the incurrence of additional indebtedness, which may dilute the ownership interests of existing security holders or impose higher interest costs on the company. additional challenges related to the company's acquisition strategy include:
•   maintaining executive offices in different locations;
•   manufacturing and selling different types of products through different distribution channels;
•   conducting business from various locations;
•   maintaining different operating systems and software on different computer hardware; and
•   retaining key employees.
failure to successfully manage and integrate an acquisition with the company's existing operations could lead to the potential loss of customers of the acquired business, the potential loss of employees who may be vital to the new operations, the potential loss of business opportunities or other adverse consequences that could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. even if integration occurs successfully, failure of the acquisition to achieve levels of anticipated sales growth, profitability, or otherwise perform as expected, may result in goodwill or other asset impairments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on the company's business. finally, acquisition targets may be subject to material liabilities that are not properly identified in due diligence and that are not covered by seller indemnification obligation or third party insurance. the unknown liabilities of the company's acquisition targets may have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
in addition, we have made certain investments, including through joint ventures, in which we have a minority equity interest and lack management and operational control. the controlling joint venture partner may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling joint venture partner, or the joint venture company, may result in harm to our reputation or adversely affect the value of our investment in the joint venture.
13
index to financial statements a failure to identify suitable acquisition candidates or partners for strategic investments and to complete acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
as part of the company's business strategy, the company intends to pursue a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including acquisitions of complementary businesses, as well as strategic investments and joint ventures. although the company regularly evaluates such opportunities, the company may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates or to obtain sufficient financing on acceptable terms to fund such strategic transactions, which may slow the company's growth and have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company manufactures, sources and sells many products internationally and is exposed to risks associated with doing business globally.
the company's international activities are significant to its manufacturing capacity, revenues and profits, and the company is further expanding internationally. the company sells products, operates plants and invests in companies around the world. currently, the company's flooring row segment has significant operations in europe, russia, malaysia, australia and new zealand, and the company's global ceramic segment has significant operations in europe, russia and mexico. in addition, the company has invested in joint ventures in brazil and india related to laminate flooring.
the business, regulatory and political environments in these countries differ from those in the u.s. the company's international sales, operations and investments are subject to risks and uncertainties, including:
•   changes in foreign country regulatory requirements;
•   differing business practices associated with foreign operations;
•   various import/export restrictions and the availability of required import/export licenses;
•   imposition of foreign tariffs and other trade barriers;
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•   differing inflationary or deflationary market pressures;
•   foreign country tax rules, regulations and other requirements, such as changes in tax rates and statutory and judicial interpretations in tax laws;
•   differing labor laws and changes in those laws;
•   work stoppages and disruptions in the shipping of imported and exported products;
•   government price controls;
•   extended payment terms and the inability to collect accounts receivable;
•   potential difficulties repatriating cash from non-u.s. subsidiaries; and
•   compliance with laws governing international relations, including those u.s. laws that relate to sanctions and corruption.
the company cannot assure investors that it will succeed in developing and implementing policies and strategies to address the foregoing risks effectively in each location where the company does business, and, therefore that the foregoing factors will not have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
negative tax consequences could materially and adversely affect the company's business.
the company is subject to the tax laws of the many jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to our facts is sometimes open to interpretation. in calculating the provision for income taxes, we must make judgments about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. our domestic and international tax liabilities are largely dependent upon the distribution of profit before tax among these many jurisdictions. however, it also includes estimates of additional tax which may be incurred for tax exposures and reflects various estimates and assumptions, including assessments of future earnings of the company that could impact the valuation of our deferred tax assets. our future results of operations and tax liability could be adversely affected by changes in the effective tax rate as a result of a change in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the overall profitability of the company, changes in tax legislation and rates, changes in generally accepted accounting principles, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in the amount of earnings permanently reinvested offshore, the results of audits and examinations of previously filed tax returns, and ongoing assessments of our tax exposures.
14
index to financial statements the company has been, and in the future may be, subject to costs, liabilities and other obligations under existing or new laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
the company is subject to increasingly numerous and complex laws, regulations and licensing requirements in each of the jurisdictions in which the company conducts business. the company faces risks and uncertainties related to compliance with such laws and regulations. in addition, new laws and regulations may be enacted in the u.s. or abroad that may require the company to incur additional personnel-related, environmental, or other costs on an ongoing basis, such as recently enacted healthcare legislation in the united states.
in particular, the company's operations are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing air emissions, wastewater discharges, and the use, storage, treatment, recycling and disposal of materials and finished product. the applicable requirements under these laws are subject to amendment, to the imposition of new or additional requirements and to changing interpretations of agencies or courts. the company could incur material expenditures to comply with new or existing regulations, including fines and penalties and increased costs of its operations. for example, our manufacturing facilities may become subject to further limitations on the emission of "greenhouse gases" due to public policy concerns regarding climate change issues or other environmental or health and safety concerns. while the form of any additional regulations cannot be predicted, a "cap-and-trade" system similar to the system that applies to our businesses in the european union could be adopted in the united states. the company's manufacturing processes use a significant amount of energy, especially natural gas. any such "cap-and-trade" system or other limitations imposed on the emission of "greenhouse gases" could require us to increase our capital expenditures, use our cash to acquire emission credits or restructure our manufacturing operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the company's business operations could suffer significant losses from natural disasters, catastrophes, fire or other unexpected events.
many of the company's business activities involve substantial investments in manufacturing facilities and many products are produced at a limited number of locations. these facilities could be materially damaged by natural disasters, such as floods, tornados, hurricanes and earthquakes, or by fire or other unexpected events. the company could incur uninsured losses and liabilities arising from such events, including damage to its reputation, and/or suffer material losses in operational capacity, which could have a material adverse impact on its business.
the company may be exposed to litigation, claims and other legal proceedings relating to its products, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business.
in the ordinary course of business, the company is subject to a variety of product-related claims, lawsuits and legal proceedings, including those relating to product liability, product warranty, product recall, personal injury, and other matters. a very large claim or several similar claims asserted by a large class of plaintiffs could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, if the company is unable to successfully defend against or resolve these matters or if its insurance coverage is insufficient to satisfy any judgments against the company or settlements relating to these matters. although the company has product liability insurance, the policies may not provide coverage for certain claims against the company or may not be sufficient to cover all possible liabilities. further, the company may not be able to maintain insurance at commercially acceptable premium levels. moreover, adverse publicity arising from claims made against the company, even if the claims are not successful, could adversely affect the company's reputation or the reputation and sales of its products.
the company's inability to protect its intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on the company's business the company relies, in part, on the patent, trade secret and trademark laws of the u.s., countries in the european union and elsewhere, as well as confidentiality agreements with some of the company's employees, to protect that technology. the company cannot assure investors that any patents owned by or issued to it will provide the company with competitive advantages, that third parties will not challenge these patents, or that the company's pending patent applications will be approved. the company may be unable to prevent competitors and/or third parties from using the company's technology without the company's authorization, independently developing technology that is similar to that of the company or designing around the company's patents.
15
index to financial statements furthermore, despite the company's efforts, the company may be unable to prevent competitors and/or third parties from using the company's technology without the company's authorization, independently developing technology that is similar to that of the company or designing around the company's patents. the use of the company's technology or similar technology by others could reduce or eliminate any competitive advantage the company has developed, cause the company to lose sales or otherwise harm the company's business.
the company has obtained and applied for numerous u.s. and foreign service marks and trademark registrations and will continue to evaluate the registration of additional service marks and trademarks, as appropriate. the company cannot guarantee that any of the company's pending or future applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities. a failure to obtain trademark registrations in the u.s. and in other countries could limit the company's ability to protect the company's trademarks and impede the company's marketing efforts in those jurisdictions and could have a material effect on the company's business.
the company generally requires third parties with access to the company's trade secrets to agree to keep such information confidential. while such measures are intended to protect the company's trade secrets, there can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that the company will have adequate remedies for any breach or that the company's confidential and proprietary information and technology will not be independently developed by or become otherwise known to third parties. in any of these circumstances, the company's competitiveness could be significantly impaired, which would limit the company's growth and future revenue.
third parties may claim that the company infringed their intellectual property or proprietary rights, which could cause it to incur significant expenses or prevent it from selling the company's products.
in the past, third parties have claimed that certain technologies incorporated in the company's products infringe their patent rights. the company cannot be certain that the company's products do not and will not infringe issued patents or other intellectual property rights of others.
the company might be required to pay substantial damages (including punitive damages and attorney's fees), discontinue the use and sale of infringing products, expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology or obtain licenses authorizing the use of infringing technology. there can be no assurance that licenses for disputed technology or intellectual property rights would be available on reasonable commercial terms, if at all. in the event of a successful claim against the company along with failure to develop or license a substitute technology, the company's business would be materially and adversely affected.
the long-term performance of the company's business relies on its ability to attract, develop and retain talented management.
to be successful, the company must attract, develop and retain qualified and talented personnel in management, sales, marketing, product design, and operations, and as it considers entering new international markets, skilled personnel familiar with those markets. the company competes with multinational firms for these employees and invests resources in recruiting, developing, motivating and retaining them. the failure to attract, develop, motivate and retain key employees could negatively affect the company's competitive position and its operating results.
the company is subject to changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both costs and the risk of noncompliance.
the company's stock is publicly traded. as a result, the company is subject to the rules and regulations of federal and state agencies and financial market exchange entities charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. these entities, including the public company accounting oversight board, the securities and exchange commission and the new york stock exchange, frequently issue new requirements and regulations. the company's efforts to comply with the regulations and interpretations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative costs and diversion of management's time and attention from profit generating activities to compliance activities.
declines in the company's business conditions may result in an impairment of the company's assets which could result in a material non-cash charge.
a significant or prolonged decrease in the company's market capitalization, including a decline in stock price, or a negative long-term performance outlook, could result in an impairment of its assets which results when the carrying value of the company's assets exceed their fair value.
16
index to financial statements forward-looking information certain of the statements in this form 10-k, particularly those anticipating future performance, business prospects, growth and operating strategies, and similar matters, and those that include the words "could," "should," "believes," "anticipates," "expects" and "estimates" or similar expressions constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. for those statements, mohawk claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. there can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements will be accurate because they are based on many assumptions, which involve risks and uncertainties. the following important factors could cause future results to differ: changes in economic or industry conditions; competition; inflation and deflation in raw material prices and other input costs; inflation and deflation in consumer markets; currency fluctuations; energy costs and supply; timing and level of capital expenditures; timing and implementation of price increases for the company's products; impairment charges; integration of acquisitions; international operations; introduction of new products; rationalization of operations; tax, product and other claims; litigation; regulatory and political changes in the jurisdictions in which we do business; and other risks identified in mohawk's sec reports and public announcements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the company has three reporting segments, global ceramic, flooring north america ("flooring na") and flooring rest of the world ("flooring row"). the global ceramic segment designs, manufactures, sources and markets a broad line of ceramic tile, porcelain tile, natural stone and other products, which it distributes primarily in north america, europe and russia through various selling channels, which include company-owned stores, independent distributors and home centers. the segment's product lines are sold through company-operated service centers, independent distributors, home center retailers, tile and flooring retailers and contractors. the flooring na segment designs, manufactures, sources and markets its floor covering product lines, including carpets, rugs, carpet pad, hardwood, laminate and vinyl products, including lvt, which it distributes through its network of regional distribution centers and satellite warehouses using company-operated trucks, common carrier or rail transportation. the segment's product lines are sold through various selling channels, including independent floor covering retailers, distributors, home centers, mass merchandisers, department stores, shop at home, buying groups, commercial contractors and commercial end users. the flooring row segment designs, manufactures, sources, licenses and markets laminate, hardwood flooring, roofing elements, insulation boards, medium-density fiberboard ("mdf"), chipboards, other wood products and vinyl products, including lvt, which it distributes primarily in europe and russia through various selling channels, which include retailers, independent distributors and home centers.
the company is a significant participant in every major product category across the global flooring industry. in the industry, sales of tile, lvt, sheet vinyl, laminate and wood are growing faster than sales of carpet and rugs. inside the soft surface category, sales of polyester carpets are increasing, which decreases the average selling price in the soft surface category. the company believes that it is well positioned in all product types to satisfy these changes in customer trends.
a majority of the company's sales and long-lived assets are located in the united states and europe. the company expects continued strong performance in the united states market as residential housing starts and remodeling continue to improve. in europe, the company's operations improved on a local basis despite a low-growth macro-economic environment. the company also has operations in mexico and russia where the company is growing market share, especially in its ceramic tile product lines. while the company is performing well in the local markets where it operates, the company expects that a strong u.s. dollar will continue to impact the translation of its foreign operating results.
net earnings attributable to the company were $930.4 million, or diluted eps of $12.48 for 2016 compared to net earnings attributable to the company of $615.3 million, or diluted eps of $8.31 for 2015. the increase in eps was primarily attributable to increased sales volumes, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives, lower material costs, the absence of a non-recurring charge of approximately $122.5 million in 2015 related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation, and the receipt of $90.0 million related to a contract dispute, partially offset by costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing and the $47.9 million write off of the lees tradename.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the company generated $1,327.6 million of cash from operating activities. as of december 31, 2016, the company had cash and cash equivalents of $121.7 million, of which $29.2 million was in the united states and $92.4 million was in foreign countries.
recent events in january, the company entered into an agreement to acquire a ceramic company in italy. the company anticipates product, sales and manufacturing synergies that will enhance its cost position and strengthen its combined brands and distribution.
23
index to financial statements results of operations following are the results of operations for the last three years:
for the years ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                                                2015                                2014
(in millions)
statement of operations data:
net sales                                                           $8,959.1           100.0   %           $8,071.6           100.0   %           $7,803.4         100.0   %
cost of sales (1)                                                    6,146.3            68.6   %            5,660.9            70.1   %            5,649.3          72.4   %
gross profit                                                         2,812.8            31.4   %            2,410.7            29.9   %            2,154.1          27.6   %
selling, general and administrative expenses (2)                     1,532.9            17.1   %            1,573.1            19.5   %            1,381.4          17.7   %
operating income                                                     1,279.9            14.3   %              837.6            10.4   %              772.7           9.9   %
interest expense (3)                                                    40.5             0.5   %               71.1             0.9   %               98.2           1.3   %
other expense (4)                                                       (1.7   )         0.0   %               17.6             0.2   %               10.7           0.1   %
earnings before income taxes                                         1,241.1            13.9   %              748.9             9.3   %              663.8           8.5   %
income tax expense (5)                                                 307.6             3.4   %              131.9             1.6   %              131.6           1.7   %
net earnings including noncontrolling interest                         933.5            10.4   %              617.0             7.6   %              532.2           6.8   %
less: net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest           3.2               -   %                1.7               -   %                0.3             -   %
net earnings attributable to mohawk industries, inc.                  $930.3            10.4   %             $615.3             7.6   %             $531.9           6.8   %
(1) cost of sales includes:
restructuring, acquisition and integration charges                     $38.3             0.4   %              $45.6             0.6   %              $31.2           0.4   %
acquisition inventory step-up                                              -               -   %               13.3             0.2   %                  -             -   %
(2) selling, general and administrative expenses include:
restructuring, acquisition and integration-related charges              12.3             0.1   %               29.1             0.4   %               20.4           0.3   %
legal settlement and reserve                                           (90.0   )        (1.0   )%             124.5             1.5   %               10.0           0.1   %
tradename impairment                                                    47.9             0.5   %                  -               -   %                  -             -   %
other charges                                                            9.9             0.1   %                  -               -   %                  -             -   %
(3) interest expense includes:
debt extinguishment costs                                                  -               -   %                  -               -   %               18.9           0.2   %
deferred loan cost write-off                                               -               -   %                0.7               -   %                1.1             -   %
(4) other expense (income) includes:
loss on disposal of subsidiary                                             -               -   %                  -               -   %               12.0           0.2   %
reversal of uncertain tax position indemnification asset                 5.4             0.1   %               11.2             0.1   %                  -             -   %
(5) income tax expense includes:
reversal of uncertain tax position                                      (5.4   )        (0.1   )%             (11.2   )        (0.1   )%                 -             -   %
24
index to financial statements year ended december 31, 2016, as compared with year ended december 31, 2015
net sales net sales for 2016 were $8,959.1 million, reflecting an increase of $887.5 million, or 11.0%, from the $8,071.6 million reported for 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $944 million, or 12%, which includes sales volumes attributable to acquisitions of approximately $509 million and legacy sales volumes of approximately $435 million, and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $11 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $69 million, or 1%.
global ceramic segment-net sales increased $161.8 million, or 5.4%, to $3,174.7 million for 2016, compared to $3,012.9 million for 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $159 million, or 5%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $29 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $130 million, and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $45 million, or 2%, offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $43 million, or 2%.
flooring na segment-net sales increased $263.6 million, or 7.3%, to $3,865.7 million for 2016, compared to $3,602.1 million for 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes of approximately $305 million, or 8%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $76 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $229 million, partially offset by the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of $42 million, or 1%
flooring row segment-net sales increased $461.7 million, or 31.7%, to $1,918.6 million for 2016, compared to $1,456.9 million for 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $481 million, or 33%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $405 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $76 million and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $7 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $26 million, or 2%.
quarterly net sales and the percentage changes in net sales by quarter for 2016 versus 2015 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2016                               2015                      change first quarter       $2,172.0           1,881.2           15.5     %
second quarter       2,310.3           2,041.7           13.2     %
third quarter        2,294.1           2,150.7            6.7     %
fourth quarter       2,182.6           1,998.0            9.2     %
total year          $8,959.0           8,071.6           11.0     %
gross profit gross profit for 2016 was $2,812.8 million (31.4% of net sales), an increase of $402.1 million or 16.7%, compared to gross profit of $2,410.7 million (29.9% of net sales) for 2015. as a percentage of net sales, gross profit increased 150 basis points. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $254 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $113 million, lower material costs of approximately $67 million and the favorable impact of lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $21 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $28 million, and the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $11 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for 2016 were $1,532.9 million (17.1% of net sales), a decrease of $40.2 million compared to $1,573.1 million (19.5% of net sales) for 2015. as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 240 basis points. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses in dollars was primarily attributable savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of $27 million, the net impact of favorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $9 million, and the favorable impact of lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $173 million, partially offset by approximately $94 million of costs due to higher sales volume, approximately $51 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, and
25
index to financial statements increased employee costs of approximately $18 million. restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs were lower primarily due to the non-recurring 2015 charge of approximately $122 million related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation and the $90 million received in the third quarter of 2016 related to a contract dispute, partially offset by a charge for approximately $48 million related to the write-off of the lees tradename.
operating income operating income for 2016 was $1,279.9 million (14.3% of net sales) reflecting an increase of $442.4 million, or 52.8%, compared to operating income of $837.6 million (10.4% of net sales) for 2015. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to increased sales volumes of approximately $160 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $140 million, lower material costs of approximately $67 million and the favorable impact of lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $194 million, partially offset by approximately $51 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $19 million, increased employee costs of approximately $18 million, and the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $13 million. restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs were lower primarily due to the non-recurring 2015 charge of approximately $122 million related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation and the $90 million received in the third quarter of 2016 related to a contract dispute, partially offset by a charge for approximately $48 million related to the write-off of the lees tradename.
global ceramic segment-operating income was $478.4 million (15.1% of segment net sales) for 2016 reflecting an increase of $64.3 million, or 15.5%, compared to operating income of $414.2 million (13.7% of segment net sales) for 2015. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $49 million, increased sales volumes of approximately $36 million, and the favorable impact of price and product mix of approximately $20 million, partially offset by costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing of approximately $18 million, increased employee costs of approximately $9 million, increased material costs of approximately $6 million, and the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $3 million.
flooring na segment-operating income was $505.1 million (13.1% of segment net sales) for 2016 reflecting an increase of $240.8 million, or 91.1%, compared to operating income of $264.3 million (7.3% of segment net sales) for 2015. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $64 million, lower material costs of approximately $49 million, increased sales volumes of approximately $46 million, and the favorable impact of lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $157 million, partially offset by approximately $27 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, the unfavorable impact of price and product mix of approximately $27 million, costs associated with investments in expansion of production capacity of approximately $6 million and increased employee costs of $5 million. restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs were lower primarily due to the non-recurring 2015 charge of approximately $122 million related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation and the $90 million received in the third quarter of 2016 related to a contract dispute, partially offset by a charge for approximately $48 million related to the write-off of the lees tradename.
flooring row segment-operating income was $333.1 million (17.4% of segment net sales) for 2016 reflecting an increase of $129.7 million, or 63.8%, compared to operating income of $203.4 million (14.0% of segment net sales) for 2015. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to higher sales volumes of approximately $77 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $27 million, lower material costs of approximately $23 million, lower restructuring, acquisition and integration-related, and other costs of approximately $23 million, and the favorable impact of reduced costs from investments in expansion of production capacity of approximately $6 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $16 million, the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $6 million and approximately $5 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing.
most of the uniclic family of patents will expire in 2017. the licensing earnings from patents included in the flooring row segment's results were approximately $148 million in 2016, only a portion of which will be retained following the uniclic expiration. while the company continues to explore additional opportunities to generate revenue from its patent portfolio, only a portion of the licensing earnings will be retained following the expiration of the uniclic patents. the company expects its earnings from patents to range from $65 million to $70 million in 2017, with the amount declining to a $35 million annual run rate starting in june.
26
index to financial statements interest expense interest expense was $40.5 million for 2016, reflecting a decrease of $30.5 million compared to interest expense of $71.1 million for 2015. the decrease was primarily attributable to the company paying the remaining balance of its 6.125% senior notes in january 2016 utilizing cash on hand and lower interest rate commercial paper borrowings.
other (income) expense other income was $1.7 million for 2016, reflecting a favorable change of $19.3 million compared to other expense of $17.6 million for 2015. the change was primarily due to the prior year release of an indemnification receivable related to the reversal of uncertain tax positions recorded with the ivc group acquisition of approximately $11 million.
income tax expense for 2016, the company recorded income tax expense of $307.6 million on earnings before income taxes of $1,241.1 million for an effective tax rate of 24.8%, as compared to an income tax expense of $131.9 million on earnings before income taxes of $748.9 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 17.6% for 2015. the increase in effective tax rates was partially due to benefits recorded in 2015, that did not recur in 2016:  the expiration of the statute of limitations on european-related tax exposures of approximately $18 million and a favorable multi-year tax study yielding a benefit of approximately $8.5 million.  the balance of the year-over-year increase is the direct result of the geographic dispersion of the company's earnings for 2016, which are up approximately 94% in the u.s. (partially due to the absence of the 2015 $122.5 million charge related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation) and almost 45% outside the u.s.  see note 12-income taxes.
year ended december 31, 2015, as compared with year ended december 31, 2014
net sales net sales for 2015 were $8,071.6 million, reflecting an increase of $268.1 million, or 3.4%, from the $7,803.4 million reported for 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $785 million, or 10%, which includes sales volumes attributable to acquisitions of approximately $396 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $389 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $490 million, or 6%, and the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $28 million.
global ceramic segment-net sales decreased $2.4 million, or 0.1%, to $3,012.9 million for 2015, compared to $3,015.3 million for 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $252 million, or 8%, partially offset by higher sales volume of approximately $150 million, or 5%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $65 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $85 million, and the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $99 million, or 3%.
flooring na segment-net sales increased $161.1 million, or 4.7%, to $3,602.1 million for 2015, compared to $3,441.0 million for 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $275 million, or 8%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $77 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $198 million, partially offset by the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $114 million, or 3%.
flooring row segment-net sales increased $102.9 million, or 7.6%, to $1,456.9 million for 2015, compared to $1,354.0 million for 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to higher volume of approximately $354 million, or 26%, which includes sales volume attributable to acquisitions of approximately $254 million and legacy sales volume of approximately $100 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $238 million, or 18%, and the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $13 million, or 1%.
27
index to financial statements quarterly net sales and the percentage changes in net sales by quarter for 2015 versus 2014 were as follows (dollars in millions):
2015                               2014                      change first quarter       $1,881.2           1,813.1            3.8     %
second quarter       2,041.7           2,048.2           (0.3    )%
third quarter        2,150.7           1,990.7            8.0     %
fourth quarter       1,998.0           1,951.4            2.4     %
total year          $8,071.6           7,803.4            3.4     %
gross profit gross profit for 2015 was $2,410.7 million (29.9% of net sales), an increase of $256.5 million or 11.9%, compared to gross profit of $2,154.2 million (27.6% of net sales) for 2014. as a percentage of net sales, gross profit increased 230 basis points. the increase in gross profit dollars was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $254 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $127 million, and lower input costs of approximately $101 million, including lower material costs of approximately $87 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $151 million, the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $30 million, the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $28 million, and costs associated with investments in expansion of production capacity of approximately $15 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for 2015 were $1,573.1 million (19.5% of net sales), an increase of $191.7 million compared to $1,381.4 million (17.7% of net sales) for 2014. as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 180 basis points. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in dollars was primarily attributable to a charge of approximately $122 million related to the settlement and further defense of the polyurethane foam litigation described in more detail herein, approximately $83 million of costs due to higher sales volume, approximately $44 million of costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel, and marketing, and increased employee costs of approximately $27 million, partially offset by the positive impact of foreign exchange rates of approximately $77 million and savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $6 million.
operating income operating income for 2015 was $837.6 million (10.4% of net sales) reflecting an increase of $64.8 million, or 8.4%, compared to operating income of $772.8 million (9.9% of net sales) for 2014. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $172 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $133 million, and lower input costs of approximately $101 million, including lower material costs of approximately $87 million, partially offset by a charge of approximately $122 million related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation described in more detail herein, the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $74 million, costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel and marketing of approximately $44 million, the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $29 million, increased employee costs of approximately $27 million, the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $30 million which includes approximately $13 million of costs related to acquisition inventory step-up, and costs associated with investments in expansion of production capacity of approximately $15 million.
global ceramic segment-operating income was $414.2 million (13.7% of segment net sales) for 2015 reflecting an increase of $63.0 million, or 18.0%, compared to operating income of $351.1 million (11.6% of segment net sales) for 2014. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to sales volume increases of approximately $52 million, savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $36 million, the favorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $32 million, and lower input costs of approximately $12 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $35 million, costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel and marketing of approximately $22 million, and increased employee costs of approximately $11 million.
flooring na segment-operating income was $264.3 million (7.3% of segment net sales) for 2015 reflecting a decrease of $35.7 million, or 11.9%, compared to operating income of $300.0 million (8.7% of segment net sales) for 2014. the decrease in operating income was primarily attributable to a charge of approximately $122 million related to the settlement and defense of
28
index to financial statements the polyurethane foam litigation described in more detail herein, the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $53 million, the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring, acquisition and integration-related costs of approximately $21 million, costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel and marketing of approximately $13 million, and increased employee costs of approximately $9 million, partially offset by savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $92 million, lower material costs of approximately $69 million, and sales volume increases of approximately $31 million.
flooring row segment-operating income was $203.4 million (14.0% of segment net sales) for 2015 reflecting an increase of $51.8 million, or 34.2%, compared to operating income of $151.5 million (11.2% of segment net sales) for 2014. the increase in operating income was primarily attributable to higher sales volume of approximately $89 million, lower material costs of approximately $22 million, and savings from capital investments and cost reduction initiatives of approximately $6 million, partially offset by the net impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates of approximately $40 million, costs associated with investments in new product development, sales personnel and marketing of approximately $9 million, costs associated with investments in expansion of production capacity of approximately $8 million, and the unfavorable net impact of price and product mix of approximately $8 million.
interest expense interest expense was $71.1 million for 2015, reflecting a decrease of $27.1 million compared to interest expense of $98.2 million for 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to the inclusion in the 2014 amount of $20 million of non-recurring premiums and fees due to the redemption of $254.4 million of the 6.125% senior notes due january 15, 2016, and the use of lower rate u.s. commercial paper to finance the aforementioned redemption, offset by an increase in debt resulting from the 2015 acquisitions.
other (income) expense other expense was $17.6 million for 2015, reflecting an increase of $6.9 million compared to other expense of $10.7 million for 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to the release of an indemnification receivable related to the reversal of uncertain tax positions recorded with the ivc group acquisition of approximately $11 million.
income tax expense for 2015, the company recorded income tax expense of $131.9 million on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes of $748.9 million for an effective tax rate of 17.6%, as compared to an income tax expense of $131.6 million on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes of $663.9 million, resulting in an effective tax rate of 19.8% for 2014. the decrease in effective tax rates was primarily attributable to the expiration of the statute of limitations on european-related tax exposures, resulting in the reversal of uncertain tax positions of approximately $11 million, and the geographic dispersion of the company's profits and losses for the year, including the $122 million charge related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation in the u.s., partially offset by the non-recurrence of the favorable court case in italy of approximately $8 million occurring in 2014. see note 12-income taxes.
liquidity and capital resources the company's primary capital requirements are for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. the company's capital needs are met primarily through a combination of internally generated funds, commercial paper, bank credit lines, term and senior notes and credit terms from suppliers.
net cash flows provided by operating activities for 2016 were $1,327.6 million compared to $911.9 million provided by operating activities for 2015. the increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2016 as compared to 2015 is primarily attributable to higher earnings driven by increased sales volumes during 2016 when compared to the prior year, the non-recurring 2015 $122.5 million charge related to the settlement and defense of the polyurethane foam litigation, and the $90 million related to the settlement of a contract dispute with a third party. the increase in earnings was partially offset by changes in working capital. these changes in working capital reflect normal fluctuations relative to the timing and nature of these transactions. the increase in cash provided by operating activities of $250 million for 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to changes in working capital. receivables, inventories and accounts payable used approximately $7 million of cash in 2015 compared to $224 million 2014.
net cash used in investing activities for 2016 was $672.1 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of $1,874.2 million for 2015. the company did not make any acquisitions in 2016, while in 2015 the company spent $1,371 million
29
index to financial statements on the ivc group, the kai group, xtratherm and other acquisitions. capital expenditures increased by $168 million to $672 million in the current year. the increase in cash used in investing activities of $1,308 million for 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to the 2015 acquisitions.
net cash used in financing activities for 2016 was $623.9 million compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $964.1 million for 2015. the change in cash used in financing as compared to 2015 is primarily attributable to decreased borrowings in the current year. net cash provided by financing activities for 2015 compared to net cash used in financing activities for 2014 changed primarily due to net proceeds from commercial paper of $302 million and $200 million in proceeds from asset securitization borrowings, partially offset by repayments of senior notes of $254 million and $165 million of net payments of the senior credit facility.
senior credit facility on september 25, 2013, the company entered into a $1,000.0 million, 5-year, senior revolving credit facility (the "2013 senior credit facility"). the 2013 senior credit facility provided for a maximum of $1,000.0 million of revolving credit, including limited amounts of credit in the form of letters of credit and swingline loans. the company paid financing costs of $1.8 million in connection with its 2013 senior credit facility. these costs were deferred and, along with unamortized costs of $11.4 million related to the company's previous credit facility, were amortized over the term of the 2013 senior credit facility.
on march 26, 2015, the company amended and restated the 2013 senior credit facility increasing its size from $1,000.0 million to $1,800.0 million and extending the maturity from september 25, 2018 to march 26, 2020 (as amended and restated, the "2015 senior credit facility"). the 2015 senior credit facility eliminates certain provisions in the 2013 senior credit facility, including those that: (a) accelerated the maturity date to 90 days prior to the maturity of senior notes due in january 2016 if certain specified liquidity levels were not met; and (b) required that certain subsidiaries guarantee the company's obligations if the company's credit ratings fell below investment grade. the 2015 senior credit facility also modified certain negative covenants to provide the company with additional flexibility, including flexibility to make acquisitions and incur additional indebtedness. on march 1, 2016, the company amended the 2015 senior credit facility to, among other things, carve out from the general limitation on subsidiary indebtedness the issuance of euro-denominated commercial paper notes by subsidiaries and to extend the maturity date from march 26, 2020 to march 26, 2021 with respect to all but $120.0 million of the total amount committed under the 2015 senior credit facility. on october 17, 2016, the company extended the maturity date for the remaining $120.0 million commitment to march 26, 2021.
at the company's election, revolving loans under the 2015 senior credit facility bear interest at annual rates equal to either (a) libor for 1, 2, 3 or 6 month periods, as selected by the company, plus an applicable margin ranging between 1.00% and 1.75% (1.125% as of december 31, 2016), or (b) the higher of the wells fargo bank, national association prime rate, the federal funds rate plus 0.5%, and a monthly libor rate plus 1.0%, plus an applicable margin ranging between 0.00% and 0.75% (0.125% as of december 31, 2016). the company also pays a commitment fee to the lenders under the 2015 senior credit facility on the average amount by which the aggregate commitments of the lenders' under the 2015 senior credit facility exceed utilization. the commitment fee ranges from 0.10% to 0.225% per annum (0.125% as of december 31, 2016). the applicable margins and the commitment fee are determined based on whichever of the company's consolidated net leverage ratio or its senior unsecured debt rating (or if not available, corporate family rating) results in the lower applicable margins and commitment fee (with applicable margins and the commitment fee increasing as that ratio increases or those ratings decline, as applicable).
the obligations of the company and its subsidiaries in respect of the 2015 senior credit facility are unsecured.
the 2015 senior credit facility includes certain affirmative and negative covenants that impose restrictions on the company's financial and business operations, including limitations on liens, subsidiary indebtedness, fundamental changes, asset dispositions, dividends and other similar restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, future negative pledges, and changes in the nature of the company's business. the company is also required to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0 and a consolidated net leverage ratio of no more than 3.75 to 1.0, each as of the last day of any fiscal quarter. the limitations contain customary exceptions or, in certain cases, do not apply as long as the company is in compliance with the financial ratio requirements and is not otherwise in default.
the 2015 senior credit facility also contains customary representations and warranties and events of default, subject to customary grace periods.
also on march 1, 2016, the company entered into a three-year, senior, unsecured delayed-draw term loan facility (the "term loan facility") by and among the company, wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, and each of the lenders party thereto. subject to customary conditions precedent, the company could borrow up to $200.0 million under the
30
index to financial statements term loan facility in no more than 2 borrowings between march 1, 2016 and september 1, 2016. the company did not borrow under the term loan facility, and it has since expired on its stated expiration date.
the company paid financing costs of $0.5 million in connection with the amendment and extension of its 2015 senior credit facility. these costs were deferred and, along with unamortized costs of $8.8 million related to the company's 2013 senior credit facility, are being amortized over the term of the 2015 senior credit facility. the company also paid financing costs of $0.6 million in connection with its term loan facility.
as of december 31, 2016, amounts utilized under the 2015 senior credit facility included $60.7 million of borrowings and $0.9 million of standby letters of credit related to various insurance contracts and foreign vendor commitments. the outstanding borrowings of $820.3 million under the company's u.s. and european commercial paper programs as of december 31, 2016 reduce the availability of the 2015 senior credit facility. including commercial paper borrowings, the company has utilized $881.9 million under the 2015 senior credit facility resulting in a total of $918.1 million available under the 2015 senior credit facility.
commercial paper on february 28, 2014, the company established a u.s. commercial paper program for the issuance of unsecured commercial paper in the united states capital markets. under the commercial paper program, the company issues commercial paper notes from time to time. the u.s. commercial paper notes have maturities ranging from one day to 397 days and may not be voluntarily prepaid or redeemed by the company. the u.s. commercial paper notes rank pari passu with all of the company's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. as of december 31, 2016 there was $283.8 million outstanding under the u.s. commercial paper program.
on july 31, 2015, the company established a european commercial paper program for the issuance of unsecured commercial paper in the eurozone capital markets. the european commercial paper notes have maturities ranging from one day to 183 days and may not be voluntarily prepaid or redeemed by the company. the european commercial paper notes rank pari passu with all of the company's other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. to the extent that the company issues european commercial paper notes through a subsidiary of the company, the notes will be fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the company. as of december 31, 2016, the euro equivalent of $536.5 million was outstanding under the european commercial paper program.
the company uses its 2015 senior credit facility as a liquidity backstop for its commercial paper programs. accordingly, the total amount due and payable under all of the company's commercial paper programs may not exceed $1,800.0 million (less any amounts drawn on the 2015 credit facility) at any time.
the proceeds from the sale of commercial paper notes will be available for general corporate purposes. the company used the initial proceeds from the sale of u.s. commercial paper notes to repay borrowings under its 2013 senior credit facility and certain of its industrial revenue bonds. the company used the initial proceeds from the sale of european commercial paper notes to repay euro-denominated borrowings under its 2015 senior credit facility. as of december 31, 2016, the amount utilized under the commercial paper programs was $820.3 million with a weighted-average interest rate and maturity period of 0.98% and 15.62 days, respectively for the u.s. commercial paper program and (0.11)% and 28.92 days, respectively for the european commercial paper program.
31
index to financial statements senior notes on june 9, 2015, the company issued €500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due january 14, 2022. the 2.00% senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank pari passu with all of the company's existing and future unsecured indebtedness. interest on the 2.00% senior notes is payable annually in cash on january 14 of each year, commencing on january 14, 2016. the company paid financing costs of $4.2 million in connection with the 2.00% senior notes. these costs were deferred and are being amortized over the term of the 2.00% senior notes.
on january 31, 2013, the company issued $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.85% senior notes due february 1, 2023. the 3.85% senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank pari passu with all of the company's existing and future unsecured indebtedness. interest on the 3.85% senior notes is payable semi-annually in cash on february 1 and august 1 of each year. the company paid financing costs of $6.0 million in connection with the 3.85% senior notes. these costs were deferred and are being amortized over the term of the 3.85% senior notes.
on january 17, 2006, the company issued $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.125% senior notes due january 15, 2016. during 2014, the company purchased for cash approximately $254.4 million aggregate principal amount of its outstanding 6.125% senior notes due january 15, 2016. on january 15, 2016, the company paid the remaining $645.6 million outstanding principal of its 6.125% senior notes (plus accrued but unpaid interest) utilizing cash on hand and borrowings under its u.s. commercial paper program.
accounts receivable securitization on december 19, 2012, the company entered into a three-year on-balance sheet trade accounts receivable securitization agreement (the "securitization facility"). on september 11, 2014, the company made certain modifications to its securitization facility, which modifications, among other things, increased the aggregate borrowings available under the facility from $300.0 million to $500.0 million and decreased the interest margins on certain borrowings. on december 10, 2015, the company amended the terms of the securitization facility extending the termination date from december 19, 2015 to december 19, 2016. the company further amended the terms of the securitization facility on december 13, 2016, extending the termination date to december 19, 2017. the company paid financing costs of $0.3 million in connection with this extension. these costs were deferred and are being amortized over the remaining term of the securitization facility.
under the terms of the securitization facility, certain subsidiaries of the company sell at a discount certain of their trade accounts receivable (the "receivables") to mohawk factoring, llc ("factoring") on a revolving basis. the company has determined that factoring is a bankruptcy remote subsidiary, meaning that factoring is a separate legal entity whose assets are available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of factoring only, not the creditors of the company or the company's other subsidiaries. factoring may borrow up to $500.0 million based on the amount of eligible receivables owned by factoring, and factoring has granted a security interest in all of such receivables to the third-party lending group as collateral for such borrowings.  amounts loaned to factoring under the securitization facility bear interest at libor plus an applicable margin of 0.70% per annum. factoring also pays a commitment fee at a per annum rate of 0.30% on the unused amount of each lender's commitment. at december 31, 2016, the amount utilized under the securitization facility was $500.0 million.
the company may continue, from time to time, to retire its outstanding debt through cash purchases in the open market, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, the company's liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amount involved may be material.
as of december 31, 2016, the company had cash of $121.7 million, of which $92.4 million was held outside the united states. while the company plans to permanently reinvest the cash held outside the united states, the estimated cost of repatriation for the cash as of december 31, 2016 was approximately $32.3 million. the company believes that its cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash generated from operations and availability under its 2015 senior credit facility will be sufficient to meet its capital expenditure, working capital and debt servicing requirements over the next twelve months.
the company's board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to 15 million shares of the company's outstanding common stock. since the inception of the program in 1999, a total of approximately 11.5 million shares have been repurchased at an aggregate cost of approximately $335.5 million. all of these repurchases have been financed through the company's operations and banking arrangements. the company did not repurchase shares during the year ended december 31, 2016.
32
contractual obligations the following is a summary of the company's future minimum payments under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016 (in millions):
total               2017          2018          2019          2020          2021             thereafter recorded contractual obligations:
long-term debt, including current maturities and capital leases      $2,511.5            1,382.7           1.7           1.4           1.0           0.8            1,123.8
unrecorded contractual obligations:
interest payments on long-term debt and capital leases (1)              213.3               43.9          33.8          33.8          33.8          33.8               34.4
operating leases                                                        303.5               99.1          75.2          54.2          36.8          20.5               17.6
purchase commitments (2)                                                637.5              217.8          69.9          40.2          29.1          25.5              255.0
expected pension contributions (3)                                        2.6                2.6             -             -             -             -                  -
uncertain tax positions (4)                                               0.7                0.7             -             -             -             -                  -
guarantees (5)                                                           18.0               18.0             -             -             -             -                  -
1,175.6              382.0         178.9         128.2          99.7          79.8              307.0
total                                                                $3,687.1            1,764.7         180.6         129.6         100.7          80.6            1,430.8
(1)   for fixed rate debt, the company calculated interest based on the applicable rates and payment dates. for variable rate debt, the company estimated average outstanding balances for the respective periods and applied interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2016 to these balances.
(2)   includes volume commitments for natural gas, electricity and raw material purchases.
(3)   includes the estimated pension contributions for 2017 only, as the company is unable to estimate the pension contributions beyond 2017. the company's projected benefit obligation and plan assets as of december 31, 2016 were $48.1 million and $40.6 million, respectively. the projected benefit obligation liability has not been presented in the table above due to uncertainty as to amounts and timing regarding future payments.
(4)   excludes $35.0 million of non-current accrued income tax liabilities and related interest and penalties for uncertain tax positions. these liabilities have not been presented in the table above due to uncertainty as to amounts and timing regarding future payments.
(5)   includes bank guarantees and letters of credit.
critical accounting policies in preparing the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, the company must make decisions which impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures. such decisions include the selection of appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. in reaching such decisions, the company applies judgment based on its understanding and analysis of the relevant circumstances and historical experience. actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared.
the company's significant accounting policies are described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. some of those significant accounting policies require the company to make subjective or complex judgments or estimates. critical accounting policies are defined as those that are both most important to the portrayal of a company's financial condition and results and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods.
33
index to financial statements the company believes the following accounting policies require it to use judgments and estimates in preparing its consolidated financial statements and represent critical accounting policies.
•   accounts receivable and revenue recognition. revenues are recognized when there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, delivery has occurred, the price has been fixed or is determinable, and collectability can be reasonably assured. the company provides allowances for expected cash discounts, sales allowances, returns, claims and doubtful accounts based upon historical bad debt and claims experience and periodic evaluation of specific customer accounts and the aging of accounts receivable. if the financial condition of the company's customers were to deteriorate, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, additional allowances may be required. a 10% change in the company's allowance for discounts, returns, claims and doubtful accounts would have affected net earnings by approximately $5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
•   inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market (net realizable value). cost has been determined using the first-in first-out method ("fifo"). costs included in inventory include raw materials, direct and indirect labor and employee benefits, depreciation, general manufacturing overhead and various other costs of manufacturing. market, with respect to all inventories, is replacement cost or net realizable value. inventories on hand are compared against anticipated future usage, which is a function of historical usage, anticipated future selling price, expected sales below cost, excessive quantities and an evaluation for obsolescence. actual results could differ from assumptions used to value obsolete inventory, excessive inventory or inventory expected to be sold below cost and additional reserves may be required. a 10% change in the company's reserve for excess or obsolete inventory would have affected net earnings by approximately $7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
•   acquisition accounting. the fair value of the consideration we pay for each new acquisition is allocated to tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets, liabilities assumed, any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity and goodwill. the accounting for acquisitions involves a considerable amount of judgment and estimate, including the fair value of certain forms of consideration; fair value of acquired intangible assets involving projections of future revenues and cash flows that are then either discounted at an estimated discount rate or measured at an estimated royalty rate; fair value of other acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including potential contingencies; and the useful lives of the acquired assets. the assumptions used are determined at the time of the acquisition in accordance with accepted valuation models. projections are developed using internal forecasts, available industry and market data and estimates of long-term rates of growth for our business. the impact of prior or future acquisitions on our financial position or results of operations may be materially impacted by the change in or initial selection of assumptions and estimates. see note 2-acquisitions for further discussion of business combination accounting valuation methodology and assumptions.
•   goodwill and other intangibles. goodwill is tested annually for impairment during the fourth quarter or earlier upon the occurrence of certain events or substantive changes in circumstances. the company considers the relationship between its market capitalization and its book value, among other factors, when reviewing for indicators of impairment. the goodwill impairment tests are based on determining the fair value of the specified reporting units based on management judgments and assumptions using the discounted cash flows and comparable company market valuation approaches. the company has identified global ceramic, flooring na and flooring row as its reporting units for the purposes of allocating goodwill and intangibles as well as assessing impairments. the valuation approaches are subject to key judgments and assumptions that are sensitive to change such as judgments and assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, operating margins, weighted average cost of capital ("wacc"), and comparable company market multiples. when developing these key judgments and assumptions, the company considers economic, operational and market conditions that could impact the fair value of the reporting unit. however, estimates are inherently uncertain and represent only management's reasonable expectations regarding future developments. these estimates and the judgments and assumptions upon which the estimates are based will, in all likelihood, differ in some respects from actual future results. should a significant or prolonged deterioration in economic conditions occur, such as declines in spending for new construction, remodeling and replacement activities; the inability to pass increases in the costs of raw materials and fuel on to customers; or a decline in comparable company market multiples, then key judgments and assumptions could be impacted. generally, a decline in estimated after tax cash flows of more than 35% or a more than 28% increase in wacc or a significant or prolonged decline in market capitalization could result in an additional indication of impairment.
the impairment test for intangible assets not subject to amortization involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, royalty rates, wacc and the amount of expected future cash flows. these judgments and assumptions are subject to the variability discussed above.
34
index to financial statements the impairment evaluation for indefinite lived intangible assets, which for the company are its trademarks, is conducted during the fourth quarter of each year, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset might be impaired. the determination of fair value used in the impairment evaluation is based on discounted estimates of future sales projections attributable to ownership of the trademarks. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include assumptions about appropriate sales growth rates, royalty rates, wacc and the amount of expected future cash flows. the judgments and assumptions used in the estimate of fair value are generally consistent with past performance and are also consistent with the projections and assumptions that are used in operating plans. such assumptions are subject to change as a result of changing economic and competitive conditions. the determination of fair value is highly sensitive to differences between estimated and actual cash flows and changes in the related discount rate used to evaluate the fair value of the trademarks. estimated cash flows are sensitive to changes in the economy among other things.
the company reviews its long-lived asset groups, which include intangible assets subject to amortization, which for the company are its patents and customer relationships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such asset groups may not be recoverable. recoverability of asset groups to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of long-lived assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by these asset groups. if such asset groups are considered to be impaired, the impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset group exceeds the fair value of the asset group. assets held for sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less estimated costs of disposal and are no longer depreciated.
the company conducted its annual assessment of goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles in the fourth quarter and no impairment was indicated for 2016.
•   income taxes. the company's effective tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available in the jurisdictions in which it operates. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company's tax expense and in evaluating the company's tax positions. deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in a future period. the company evaluates the recoverability of these future tax benefits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income inherently rely on estimates, including business forecasts and other projections of financial results over an extended period of time. in the event that the company is not able to realize all or a portion of its deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance is provided. the company would recognize such amounts through a charge to income in the period in which that determination is made or when tax law changes are enacted. the company had valuation allowances of $289.1 million in 2016, $287.6 million in 2015 and $300.5 million in 2014. for further information regarding the company's valuation allowances, see note 12-income taxes.
in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying the company's income tax positions. the company assesses its income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon the company's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available as of the reporting date. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information, as required by the provisions of the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") fasb accounting standards codification topic ("asc") 740-10. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the consolidated financial statements. as of december 31, 2016, the company has $46.4 million accrued for uncertain tax positions. for further information regarding the company's uncertain tax positions, see note 12-income taxes.
•   environmental and legal accruals. environmental and legal accruals are estimates based on judgments made by the company relating to ongoing environmental and legal proceedings, as disclosed in the company's consolidated financial statements. in determining whether a liability is probable and reasonably estimable, the company consults with its internal experts. the company believes that the amounts recorded in the accompanying financial statements are based on the best estimates and judgments available to it.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1(v), "summary of significant accounting policies", of our accompanying audited consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a description of recent accounting pronouncements including the dates, or expected dates of adoption, and effects, or expected effects, on our disclosures, results of operations, and financial condition.
35
impact of inflation inflation affects the company's manufacturing costs, distribution costs and operating expenses. the company expects raw material prices, many of which are petroleum based, to fluctuate based upon worldwide supply and demand of commodities utilized in the company's production processes. although the company attempts to pass on increases in raw material, energy and fuel-related costs to its customers, the company's ability to do so is dependent upon the rate and magnitude of any increase, competitive pressures and market conditions for the company's products. there have been in the past, and may be in the future, periods of time during which increases in these costs cannot be fully recovered. in the past, the company has often been able to enhance productivity and develop new product innovations to help offset increases in costs resulting from inflation in its operations.
seasonality the company is a calendar year-end company. with respect to its flooring na and global ceramic segments, its results of operations for the first quarter tend to be the weakest followed by the fourth quarter. the second and third quarters typically produce higher net sales and operating income in these segments. these results are primarily due to consumer residential spending patterns which have historically decreased during the holiday season and the first two months following. the flooring row segment's second quarter typically produces the highest net sales and earnings followed by a moderate first and fourth quarter and a weaker third quarter.
