item 1a. risk factors for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results and strategic objectives, see “forward-looking statements” immediately preceding part i, item 1 and “return on equity target” and “effects of inflation and changes in interest and foreign exchange rates” under “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” in part ii, item 7.
market risk market risk refers to the risk that a change in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, implied volatilities (the price volatility of the underlying instrument imputed from option prices), correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity, will result in losses for a position or portfolio owned by us. for more information on how we monitor and manage market risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—market risk” in part ii, item 7a.
our results of operations may be materially affected by market fluctuations and by global and economic conditions and other factors, including changes in asset values.
our results of operations have been in the past and may, in the future, be materially affected by market fluctuations due to global financial markets, economic conditions, changes to the global trade policies and other factors, including the level and volatility of equity, fixed income and commodity prices (including oil prices), interest rates, currency values and other market indices. the results of our institutional securities business segment, particularly results relating to our involvement in primary and secondary markets for all types of financial products, are subject to substantial market fluctuations due to a variety of factors that we cannot control or predict with great certainty. these fluctuations impact results by causing variations in new business flows and in the fair value of securities and other financial products. fluctuations also occur due to the level of global market activity, which, among other things, affects the size, number and timing of investment banking client assignments and transactions and the realization of returns from our principal investments. during periods of unfavorable market or economic conditions, the level of individual investor participation in the global markets, as well as the level of client assets, may also decrease, which would negatively impact the results of our wealth management business segment. in addition, fluctuations in global market activity could impact the flow of investment capital into or from assets under management or supervision and the way customers allocate capital among money market, equity, fixed income or other investment alternatives, which could negatively impact our investment management business segment.
the value of our financial instruments may be materially affected by market fluctuations. market volatility, illiquid market conditions and disruptions in the credit markets make it extremely difficult to value certain of our financial instruments, particularly during periods of market displacement. subsequent valuations in future periods, in light of factors then prevailing, may result in significant changes in the values of these instruments and may adversely impact historical or prospective performance-based fees (also known as incentive fees or carried interest) in respect of certain business. in addition, at the time of any sales and settlements of these financial instruments, the price we ultimately realize will depend on the demand and liquidity in the market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value. any of these factors could cause a decline in the value of our financial instruments, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods.
in addition, financial markets are susceptible to severe events evidenced by rapid depreciation in asset values accompanied by a reduction in asset liquidity. under these extreme conditions, hedging and other risk management strategies may not be as effective at mitigating trading losses as they would be under more normal market conditions. moreover, under these conditions, market participants are particularly exposed to trading strategies employed by many market participants simultaneously and on a large scale. our risk management and monitoring processes seek to quantify and mitigate risk to more extreme market moves. however, severe market events have historically been difficult to predict and we could realize significant losses if extreme market events were to occur.
holding large and concentrated positions may expose us to losses.
concentration of risk may reduce revenues or result in losses in our market-making, investing, block trading, underwriting and lending businesses in the event of unfavorable market movements, or when market conditions are more favorable for our competitors. we commit substantial amounts of capital to these businesses, which often results in our taking large positions in the securities of, or making large loans to, a particular issuer or issuers in a particular industry, country or region. for further information regarding our country risk exposure, see also “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—credit risk—country risk exposure” in item 7a.

credit risk credit risk refers to the risk of loss arising when a borrower, counterparty or issuer does not meet its financial obligations to us. for more information on how we monitor and manage credit risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—credit risk” in part ii, item 7a.
we are exposed to the risk that third parties that are indebted to us will not perform their obligations.
we incur significant credit risk exposure through our institutional securities business segment. this risk may arise from a variety of business activities, including but not limited to extending credit to clients through various lending commitments; entering into swap or other derivative contracts under which counterparties have obligations to make payments to us; providing short or long-term funding that is secured by physical or financial collateral whose value may at times be insufficient to fully cover the loan repayment amount; posting margin and/or collateral and other commitments to clearing houses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks, securities firms and other financial counterparties; and investing and trading in securities and loan pools whereby the value of these assets may fluctuate based on realized or expected defaults on the underlying obligations or loans.
we also incur credit risk in our wealth management business segment lending to mainly individual investors, including, but not limited to, margin and securities-based loans collateralized by securities, residential mortgage loans and home equity lines of credit.
while we believe current valuations and reserves adequately address our perceived levels of risk, adverse economic conditions may negatively impact our clients and our current credit exposures. in addition, as a clearing member of several central counterparties, we finance our customer positions and we could be held responsible for the defaults or misconduct of our customers. although we regularly review our credit exposures, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee.
a default by a large financial institution could adversely affect financial markets.
the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships among the institutions. for example, increased centralization of trading activities through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges as required by provisions of the dodd-frank act may increase our concentration of risk with respect to these entities. as a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions. this is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing houses, clearing agencies, exchanges, banks and securities firms, with which we interact on a daily basis, and therefore could adversely affect us. see also “systemic risk regime” under “business—supervision and regulation—financial holding company” in part i, item 1.
operational risk operational risk refers to the risk of loss, or of damage to our reputation, resulting from inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or from external events (e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets). we may incur operational risk across the full scope of our business activities, including revenue-generating activities (e.g., sales and trading) and support and control groups (e.g., information technology and trade processing). legal, regulatory and compliance risk is included in the scope of operational risk and is discussed below under “legal, regulatory and compliance risk.” for more information on how we monitor and manage operational risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—operational risk” in part ii, item 7a.
we are subject to operational risks, including a failure, breach or other disruption of our operational or security systems, that could adversely affect our businesses or reputation.
our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. in some of our businesses, the transactions we process are complex. in addition, we may introduce new products or services or change processes or reporting, including in connection with new regulatory requirements, resulting in new operational risk that we may not fully appreciate or identify. the trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets and the move to more automated trading platforms has resulted in using increasingly complex technology that relies on the continued effectiveness of the programming code and integrity of the data to process the trades. we perform the functions required to operate our different businesses either by ourselves or through agreements with third parties. we rely on the ability of our employees, our internal systems and systems at technology centers operated by unaffiliated third parties to process a high volume of transactions. additionally, we are subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations governing privacy and data protection, which may differ, and potentially conflict, in various jurisdictions.
13      december 2016 form 10-k as a major participant in the global capital markets, we maintain extensive controls to reduce the risk of incorrect valuation or risk management of our trading positions due to flaws in data, models, electronic trading systems or processes or due to fraud. nevertheless, such risk cannot be completely eliminated.
we also face the risk of operational failure or termination of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries we use to facilitate our lending. securities and derivatives transactions. in the event of a breakdown or improper operation of our or a third party’s systems or improper or unauthorized action by third parties or our employees, we could suffer financial loss, an impairment to our liquidity, a disruption of our businesses, regulatory sanctions or damage to our reputation. in addition, the interconnectivity of multiple financial institutions with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, and the increased importance of these entities, increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution or entity may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially impact our ability to conduct business.
despite the business contingency plans we have in place, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to us. our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business and the communities where we are located, which are concentrated in the new york metropolitan area, london, hong kong and tokyo as well as mumbai, budapest, glasgow and baltimore. this may include a disruption involving physical site access, cyber incidents, terrorist activities, disease pandemics, catastrophic events, natural disasters, extreme weather events, electrical outage, environmental hazard, computer servers, communications or other services we use, our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business.
although we devote significant resources to maintaining and upgrading our systems and networks with measures such as intrusion prevention and detection systems, monitoring firewalls and network traffic to safeguard critical business applications, and supervising third party providers that have access to our systems, there is no guarantee that these measures or any other measures can provide absolute security given the techniques used in cyber attacks are complex and frequently change, and may not be able to be anticipated. like other financial services firms, the firm and its third party providers continue to be the subject of attempted unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, computer viruses or malware, cyber attacks designed to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, denial of service attacks and other events. these threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties, including third party providers, or may result from accidental technological failure. additional challenges are posed by external extremist parties, including foreign state actors, in some circumstances as a means to promote political ends. any of these parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, clients, third parties or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. there can be no assurance that such unauthorized access or cyber incidents will not occur in the future, and they could occur more frequently and on a more significant scale.
if one or more of these events occur, it could result in a security impact on our systems and jeopardize our or our clients’, partners’ or counterparties’ personal, confidential, proprietary or other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our and our third party providers’ computer systems. furthermore, such events could cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients’, partners’, counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in reputational damage with our clients and the market, client dissatisfaction, additional costs to us (such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies), regulatory investigations, litigation or enforcement, or regulatory fines or penalties, all or any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
given our global footprint and the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of clients, partners and counterparties with which we do business, and the increasing sophistication of cyber attacks, a cyber attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. we expect that any investigation of a cyber attack would be inherently unpredictable and that it would take time before the completion of any investigation and before there is availability of full and reliable information. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all or any of which would further increase the costs and consequences of a cyber attack.
while many of our agreements with partners and third party vendors include indemnification provisions, we may not be able to recover sufficiently, or at all, under such provisions to adequately offset any losses. in addition, although we maintain insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.

liquidity and funding risk liquidity and funding risk refers to the risk that we will be unable to finance our operations due to a loss of access to the capital markets or difficulty in liquidating our assets. liquidity and funding risk encompasses the risk that our financial condition or overall soundness is adversely affected by an inability or perceived inability to meet our financial obligations in a timely manner. it also includes the associated funding risks triggered by the market or idiosyncratic stress events that may cause unexpected changes in funding needs or an inability to raise new funding. for more information on how we monitor and manage liquidity and funding risk, see “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources” in part ii, item 7 and “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—liquidity and funding risk” in part ii, item 7a.
liquidity is essential to our businesses and we rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our operations.
liquidity is essential to our businesses. our liquidity could be negatively affected by our inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or our inability to access the secured lending markets. factors that we cannot control, such as disruption of the financial markets or negative views about the financial services industry generally, including concerns regarding fiscal matters in the u.s. and other geographic areas, could impair our ability to raise funding.
in addition, our ability to raise funding could be impaired if investors or lenders develop a negative perception of our long-term or short-term financial prospects due to factors such as an incurrence of large trading losses, a downgrade by the rating agencies, a decline in the level of our business activity, or if regulatory authorities take significant action against us or our industry, or we discover significant employee misconduct or illegal activity. if we are unable to raise funding using the methods described above, we would likely need to finance or liquidate unencumbered assets, such as our investment portfolios or trading assets, to meet maturing liabilities. we may be unable to sell some of our assets or we may have to sell assets at a discount to market value, either of which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our borrowing costs and access to the debt capital markets depend on our credit ratings.
the cost and availability of unsecured financing generally are impacted by our short-term and long-term credit ratings. the rating agencies continue to monitor certain issuer specific factors that are important to the determination of our credit ratings, including governance, the level and quality of earnings, capital adequacy, liquidity and funding, risk appetite and management, asset quality, strategic direction, and business mix. additionally, the rating agencies will look at other industry-wide factors such as regulatory or legislative changes, including, for example, regulatory changes, macro-economic environment, and perceived levels of third party support, and it is possible that they could downgrade our ratings and those of similar institutions.
our credit ratings also can have a significant impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as otc and other derivative transactions, including credit derivatives and interest rate swaps. in connection with certain otc trading agreements and certain other agreements associated with our institutional securities business segment, we may be required to provide additional collateral to, or immediately settle any outstanding liability balance with, certain counterparties in the event of a credit ratings downgrade. termination of our trading and other agreements could cause us to sustain losses and impair our liquidity by requiring us to find other sources of financing or to make significant cash payments or securities movements. the additional collateral or termination payments which may occur in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can be based on ratings by either or both of moody’s investors services, inc. and s&p global ratings. see also “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources—credit ratings—incremental collateral or terminating payments upon potential future rating downgrade” in part ii, item 7.
we are a holding company and depend on payments from our subsidiaries.
the parent company has no operations and depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividend payments and to fund all payments on its obligations, including debt obligations. regulatory, tax restrictions or elections and other legal restrictions may limit our ability to transfer funds freely, either to or from our subsidiaries. in particular, many of our subsidiaries, including our broker-dealer subsidiaries, are subject to laws, regulations and self-regulatory organization rules that limit, as well as authorize regulatory bodies to block or reduce, the flow of funds to the parent company, or that prohibit such transfers or dividends altogether in certain circumstances, including steps to “ring fence” entities by regulators outside of the u.s. to protect clients and creditors of such entities in the event of
15      december 2016 form 10-k financial difficulties involving such entities. these laws, regulations and rules may hinder our ability to access funds that we may need to make payments on our obligations. furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to a prohibition or to limitations on our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our common stock. the occ, the federal reserve and the fdic have the authority, and under certain circumstances the duty, to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the banking organizations they supervise, including the firm and its u.s. bank subsidiaries.
our liquidity and financial condition have in the past been, and in the future could be, adversely affected by u.s. and international markets and economic conditions.
our ability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or the equity markets, or to access secured lending markets, has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely affected by conditions in the u.s. and international markets and economies. global market and economic conditions have been particularly disrupted and volatile in the last several years and may be in the future. in particular, our cost and availability of funding in the past have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. significant turbulence in the u.s., the e.u. and other international markets and economies could adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and the willingness of certain counterparties and customers to do business with us.
legal, regulatory and compliance risk legal, regulatory and compliance risk includes the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, material financial loss including fines, penalties, judgments, damages and/or settlements, or loss to reputation we may suffer as a result of our failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, related self-regulatory organization standards and codes of conduct applicable to our business activities. this risk also includes contractual and commercial risk, such as the risk that a counterparty’s performance obligations will be unenforceable. it also includes compliance with aml, anti-corruption and terrorist financing rules and regulations. for more information on how we monitor and manage legal, regulatory and compliance risk, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—legal and compliance risk” in part ii, item 7a.
the financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation, and changes in regulation will impact our business.
like other major financial services firms, we are subject to extensive regulation by u.s. federal and state regulatory agencies and securities exchanges and by regulators and exchanges in each of the major markets where we conduct our business. these laws and regulations significantly affect the way we do business and can restrict the scope of our existing businesses and limit our ability to expand our product offerings and pursue certain investments.
the regulation of major financial firms, including the firm, as well as of the markets in which we operate, is extensive and subject to ongoing change. we are, or will become, subject to (among other things) wide-ranging regulation and supervision, intensive scrutiny of our businesses and any plans for expansion of those businesses, limitations on new activities, a systemic risk regime that imposes heightened capital and liquidity requirements and other enhanced prudential standards, resolution regimes and resolution planning requirements, new requirements for maintaining minimum amounts of external total loss-absorbing capacity and external long-term debt, restrictions on activities and investments imposed by the volcker rule, comprehensive derivatives regulation, tax regulations, antitrust laws, trade and transaction reporting obligations, and broadened fiduciary obligations. in some areas, regulatory standards have not yet been finalized, are subject to final rulemaking or transition periods or may otherwise be revised in whole or in part. ongoing implementation of, or changes in, laws and regulations could materially impact the profitability of our businesses and the value of assets we hold, expose us to additional costs, require changes to business practices or force us to discontinue businesses, adversely affect our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our stock, or require us to raise capital, including in ways that may adversely impact our shareholders or creditors. in addition, regulatory requirements that are being imposed by foreign policymakers and regulators may be inconsistent or conflict with regulations that we are subject to in the u.s. and may adversely affect us. we expect legal and regulatory requirements to be subject to ongoing change for the foreseeable future, which may result in significant new costs to comply with new or revised requirements as well as to monitor for compliance on an ongoing basis.
the application of regulatory requirements and strategies in the united states or other jurisdictions to facilitate the orderly resolution of large financial institutions may pose a greater risk of loss for our security holders, and subject us to other restrictions.
pursuant to the dodd-frank act, we are required to submit to the federal reserve and the fdic an annual resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code in the event of material financial distress or failure. if the federal reserve and the fdic were to jointly determine that our annual resolution plan submission was not credible or would not facilitate an orderly resolution, and if we were unable to address any defi-

ciencies identified by the regulators, we or any of our subsidiaries may be subject to more stringent capital, leverage, or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities, or operations, or after a two year period, we may be required to divest assets or operations.
in addition, provided that certain procedures are met, we can be subject to a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority under title ii of the dodd-frank act with the fdic being appointed as receiver. the fdic’s power under the orderly liquidation authority to disregard the priority of creditor claims and treat similarly situated creditors differently in certain circumstances, subject to certain limitations, could adversely impact holders of our unsecured debt. see “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1 and “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources—regulatory requirements” in part ii, item 7.
further, because both our resolution plan contemplates a an spoe strategy under the u.s. bankruptcy code and the fdic has proposed an spoe strategy through which it may apply its orderly liquidation authority powers, we believe that the application of an spoe strategy is the reasonably likely outcome if either our resolution plan were implemented or a resolution proceeding were commenced under the orderly liquidation authority. an spoe strategy generally contemplates the provision of additional capital and liquidity by the parent company to certain of its subsidiaries so that such subsidiaries have the resources necessary to implement the resolution strategy, and the parent company expects to enter into an amended and restated secured support agreement with its material subsidiaries pursuant to which it would provide such capital and liquidity.
under the amended and restated support agreement, upon the occurrence of a resolution scenario, including one in which an spoe strategy is used, the parent company will be obligated to contribute or loan on a subordinated basis all of its material assets, other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company and certain intercompany payables, to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to its material subsidiaries. the obligations of the parent company under the amended and restated support agreement will be secured on a senior basis by the assets of the parent company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company). as a result, claims of our material subsidiaries against the assets of the parent company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company) will be effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the parent company. such unsecured obligations would be at risk of absorbing losses of the parent company and its subsidiaries. although an spoe strategy, whether applied pursuant to our resolution plan or in a resolution proceeding under the orderly liquidation authority, is intended to result in better outcomes for creditors overall, there is no guarantee that the application of an spoe strategy, including the provision of support to the parent company’s material subsidiaries pursuant to the amended and restated secured support agreement, will not result in greater losses for holders of our securities compared to a different resolution strategy for the firm.
regulators have taken and proposed various actions to facilitate an spoe strategy under the u.s. bankruptcy code, the orderly liquidation authority or other resolution regimes. for example, the federal reserve has issued a final rule that requires top-tier bank holding companies of u.s. g-sibs, including morgan stanley, to maintain minimum amounts of equity and eligible long-term debt (“total loss-absorbing capacity” or “tlac”) in order to ensure that such institutions have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of debt to equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible tlac where the spoe strategy is used. the combined implication of the spoe resolution strategy and the tlac final rule is that our losses will be imposed on the holders of eligible long-term debt and other forms of eligible tlac issued by the parent company before any losses are imposed on the holders of the debt securities of our operating subsidiaries or before putting u.s. taxpayers at risk.
in addition, certain jurisdictions, including the u.k. and other e.u. jurisdictions, have implemented, or are in the process of implementing, changes to resolution regimes to provide resolution authorities with the ability to recapitalize a failing entity organized in such jurisdiction by writing down certain unsecured liabilities or converting certain unsecured liabilities into equity. such “bail-in” powers are intended to enable the recapitalization of a failing institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors. non-u.s. regulators are also considering requirements that certain subsidiaries of large financial institutions maintain minimum amounts of total loss-absorbing capacity that would pass losses up from the subsidiaries to the parent company and, ultimately, to security holders of the parent company in the event of failure.
we may be prevented from paying dividends or taking other capital actions because of regulatory constraints or revised regulatory capital standards.
we are subject to comprehensive consolidated supervision, regulation and examination by the federal reserve, which requires us to submit, on an annual basis, a capital plan describing proposed dividend payments to shareholders,
17      december 2016 form 10-k proposed repurchases of our outstanding securities, and other proposed capital actions that we intend to take. the federal reserve may object to, or otherwise require us to modify, such plan, or may object or require modifications to a resubmitted capital plan, any of which would adversely affect shareholders. in addition, beyond review of the plan, the federal reserve may impose other restrictions or conditions on us that prevent us from paying or increasing dividends, repurchasing securities or taking other capital actions that would benefit shareholders. finally, the federal reserve may change regulatory capital standards to impose higher requirements that restrict our ability to take capital actions, or may modify or impose other regulatory standards that increase our operating expenses and reduce our ability to take capital actions.
the financial services industry faces substantial litigation and is subject to extensive regulatory and law enforcement investigations, and we may face damage to our reputation and legal liability.
as a global financial services firm, we face the risk of investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in all countries in which we conduct our business. investigations and proceedings initiated by these authorities may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief. in addition to the monetary consequences, these measures could, for example, impact our ability to engage in, or impose limitations on, certain of our businesses. the number of these investigations and proceedings, as well as the amount of penalties and fines sought, has increased substantially in recent years with regard to many firms in the financial services industry, including the firm, and certain u.s. and international governmental entities have increasingly brought criminal actions against, or have sought criminal convictions, pleas or deferred prosecution agreements from, financial institutions. significant regulatory or law enforcement action against us could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause us significant reputational harm, which could seriously harm our business. the dodd-frank act also provides compensation to whistleblowers who present the sec or cftc with information related to securities or commodities law violations that leads to a successful enforcement action. as a result of this compensation, it is possible we could face an increased number of investigations by the sec or cftc.
we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions, and other litigation, as well as investigations or proceedings brought by regulatory agencies, arising in connection with our activities as a global diversified financial services institution. certain of the actual or threatened legal or regulatory actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages, claims for indeterminate amounts of damages, or may result in penalties, fines, or other results adverse to us. in some cases, the issuers that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or are in financial distress. in other cases, including antitrust litigation, we may be subject to claims for joint and several liability with other defendants for treble damages or other relief related to alleged conspiracies involving other institutions. like any large corporation, we are also subject to risk from potential employee misconduct, including non-compliance with policies and improper use or disclosure of confidential information, or improper sales practices or conduct.
we may be responsible for representations and warranties associated with residential and commercial real estate loans and may incur losses in excess of our reserves.
we originate loans secured by commercial and residential properties. further, we securitize and trade in a wide range of commercial and residential real estate and real estate-related whole loans, mortgages and other real estate and commercial assets and products, including residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities. in connection with these activities, we have provided, or otherwise agreed to be responsible for, certain representations and warranties. under certain circumstances, we may be required to repurchase such assets or make other payments related to such assets if such representations and warranties were breached. we have also made representations and warranties in connection with our role as an originator of certain commercial mortgage loans that we securitized in commercial mortgage-backed securities. for additional information, see also note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8.
we currently have several legal proceedings related to claims for alleged breaches of representations and warranties. if there are decisions adverse to us in those legal proceedings, we may incur losses substantially in excess of our reserves. in addition, our reserves are based, in part, on certain factual and legal assumptions. if those assumptions are incorrect and need to be revised, we may need to adjust our reserves substantially.
our commodities activities and investments subject us to extensive regulation, and environmental risks and regulation that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities.

addition, we are an electricity power marketer in the u.s. and own a minority interest in heidmar holdings llc , which owns a group of companies that provide international marine transportation and u.s. marine logistics services. as a result of these activities, we are subject to extensive energy, commodities, environmental, health and safety and other governmental laws and regulations. further, through these activities we are exposed to regulatory, physical and certain indirect risks associated with climate change.
although we have attempted to mitigate our environmental risks by, among other measures, selling or ceasing most of our prior petroleum storage and transportation activities, adopting appropriate policies and procedures, and implementing emergency response programs, these actions may not prove adequate to address every contingency. in addition, insurance covering some of these risks may not be available, and the proceeds, if any, from insurance recovery may not be adequate to cover liabilities with respect to particular incidents. as a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by these events.
during the past several years, intensified scrutiny of certain energy markets by federal, state and local authorities in the u.s. and abroad and the public has resulted in increased regulatory and legal enforcement, litigation and remedial proceedings involving companies conducting the activities in which we are engaged. in addition, new regulation of otc derivatives markets in the u.s. and similar legislation proposed or adopted abroad will impose significant new costs and impose new requirements on our commodities derivatives activities. we may incur substantial costs or loss of revenue in complying with current or future laws and regulations and our overall businesses and reputation may be adversely affected by the current legal environment. in addition, failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil and criminal fines and penalties. see also “financial holding company—capital standards—commodities-related capital requirements” under “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1.
a failure to address conflicts of interest appropriately could adversely affect our businesses and reputation.
as a global financial services firm that provides products and services to a large and diversified group of clients, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals, we face potential conflicts of interest in the normal course of business. for example, potential conflicts can occur when there is a divergence of interests between us and a client, among clients, between an employee on the one hand and us or a client on the other, or situations in which we may be a creditor of a client. we have policies, procedures and controls that are designed to identify and address potential conflicts of interest. however, identifying and mitigating potential conflicts of interest can be complex and challenging, and can become the focus of media and regulatory scrutiny. indeed, actions that merely appear to create a conflict can put our reputation at risk even if the likelihood of an actual conflict has been mitigated. it is possible that potential conflicts could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions, which may lead to our clients being less willing to enter into transactions in which a conflict may occur and could adversely affect our businesses and reputation.
our regulators have the ability to scrutinize our activities for potential conflicts of interest, including through detailed examinations of specific transactions. for example, our status as a bank holding company supervised by the federal reserve subjects us to direct federal reserve scrutiny with respect to transactions between our u.s. bank subsidiaries and their affiliates. further, the volcker rule subjects us to regulatory scrutiny regarding certain transactions between us and our clients.
risk management our risk management strategies, models and processes may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk.
we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management capabilities and expect to continue to do so in the future. nonetheless, our risk management strategies, models and processes, including our use of various risk models for assessing market exposures and hedging strategies, stress testing and other analysis, may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated. as our businesses change and grow, and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management strategies, models and processes may not always adapt with those changes. some of our methods of managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior and management’s judgment. as a result, these methods may not predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. in addition, many models we use are based on assumptions or inputs regarding correlations among prices of various asset classes or other market indicators and therefore cannot anticipate sudden, unanticipated or unidentified market or economic movements, which could cause us to incur losses.
19      december 2016 form 10-k management of market, credit, liquidity, operational, legal, regulatory and compliance risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. our trading risk management strategies and techniques also seek to balance our ability to profit from trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. while we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the timing of such outcomes. for example, to the extent that our trading or investing activities involve less liquid trading markets or are otherwise subject to restrictions on sales or hedging, we may not be able to reduce our positions and therefore reduce our risk associated with such positions. we may, therefore, incur losses in the course of our trading or investing activities. for more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks and related strategies, models and processes, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—market risk” in part ii, item 7a.
competitive environment we face strong competition from other financial services firms, which could lead to pricing pressures that could materially adversely affect our revenue and profitability.
the financial services industry and all aspects of our businesses are intensely competitive, and we expect them to remain so. we compete with commercial banks, brokerage firms, insurance companies, electronic trading and clearing platforms, financial data repositories, sponsors of mutual funds, hedge funds, energy companies and other companies offering financial or ancillary services in the u.s., globally and through the internet. we compete on the basis of several factors, including transaction execution, capital or access to capital, products and services, innovation, technology, reputation, risk appetite and price. over time, certain sectors of the financial services industry have become more concentrated, as institutions involved in a broad range of financial services have left businesses, been acquired by or merged into other firms, or have declared bankruptcy. such changes could result in our remaining competitors gaining greater capital and other resources, such as the ability to offer a broader range of products and services and geographic diversity, or new competitors may emerge. we have experienced and may continue to experience pricing pressures as a result of these factors and as some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing prices. in addition, certain of our competitors may be subject to different, and, in some cases, less stringent, legal and regulatory regimes, than we are, thereby putting us at a competitive disadvantage. for more informa-
tion regarding the competitive environment in which we operate, see “business—competition” and “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1.
automated trading markets may adversely affect our business and may increase competition.
we have experienced intense price competition in some of our businesses in recent years. in particular, the ability to execute securities, derivatives and other financial instrument trades electronically on exchanges, swap execution facilities, and other automated trading platforms has increased the pressure on bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or comparable fees. the trend toward direct access to automated, electronic markets will likely continue and will likely increase as additional markets move to more automated trading platforms. we have experienced and it is likely that we will continue to experience competitive pressures in these and other areas in the future as some of our competitors may seek to obtain market share by reducing bid-offer spreads, commissions, markups or comparable fees.
our ability to retain and attract qualified employees is critical to the success of our business and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance.
our people are our most important resource and competition for qualified employees is intense. if we are unable to continue to attract and retain highly qualified employees, or do so at rates or in forms necessary to maintain our competitive position, or if compensation costs required to attract and retain employees become more expensive, our performance, including our competitive position, could be materially adversely affected. the financial industry has experienced and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of employee compensation, including limitations relating to incentive-based compensation, clawback requirements and special taxation, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to hire or retain the most qualified employees.
international risk we are subject to numerous political, economic, legal, tax, operational, franchise and other risks as a result of our international operations which could adversely impact our businesses in many ways.

laws and regulations applicable to the securities and financial services industries are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. our inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our business in that market but also on our reputation generally. we are also subject to the enhanced risk that transactions we structure might not be legally enforceable in all cases.
various emerging market countries have experienced severe political, economic or financial disruptions, including significant devaluations of their currencies, defaults or potential defaults on sovereign debt, capital and currency exchange controls, high rates of inflation and low or negative growth rates in their economies. crime and corruption, as well as issues of security and personal safety, also exist in certain of these countries. these conditions could adversely impact our businesses and increase volatility in financial markets generally.
the emergence of a disease pandemic or other widespread health emergency, or concerns over the possibility of such an emergency as well as natural disasters, terrorist activities or military actions, could create economic and financial disruptions in emerging markets and other areas throughout the world, and could lead to operational difficulties (including travel limitations) that could impair our ability to manage our businesses around the world.
as a u.s. company, we are required to comply with the economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by ofac and similar multi-national bodies and governmental agencies worldwide, as well as applicable anti-corruption laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. a violation of a sanction, embargo program, or anti-corruption law could subject us, and individual employees, to a regulatory enforcement action as well as significant civil and criminal penalties.
the u.k.’s anticipated withdrawal from the e.u. could adversely affect us.
on june 23, 2016, the u.k. electorate voted to leave the e.u. it is difficult to predict the future of the u.k.’s relationship with the e.u., which uncertainty may increase the volatility in the global financial markets in the short- and medium-term. the u.k. prime minister has confirmed the u.k. will invoke article 50 of the lisbon treaty by no later than the end of march 2017, subject to the passing of necessary legislation by the u.k. parliament. this will trigger a two-year period, subject to extension, during which the u.k. government is expected to negotiate its withdrawal agreement with the e.u. absent any changes to this time schedule, the u.k.
is expected to leave the e.u. in early 2019. the terms and conditions of the anticipated withdrawal from the e.u., and which of the several alternative models of relationship that the u.k. might seek to negotiate with the e.u., remain uncertain. however, the u.k. government has stated that the u.k. will leave the e.u. single market and will seek a phased period of implementation for the new relationship that may cover the legal and regulatory framework applicable to financial institutions with significant operations in europe, such as the firm. potential effects of the u.k. exit from the e.u. and potential mitigation actions may vary considerably depending on the timing of withdrawal and the nature of any transition or successor arrangements. any future limitations on providing financial services into the e.u. from our u.k. operations could require us to make potentially significant changes to our operations in the u.k. and europe and our legal structure there, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
acquisition, divestiture and joint venture risk we may be unable to fully capture the expected value from acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority stakes or strategic alliances.
in connection with past or future acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures, minority stakes or strategic alliances (including with mitsubishi ufj financial group, inc.), we face numerous risks and uncertainties combining, transferring, separating or integrating the relevant businesses and systems, including the need to combine or separate accounting and data processing systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with clients, trading counterparties and business partners. in the case of joint ventures and minority stakes, we are subject to additional risks and uncertainties because we may be dependent upon, and subject to liability, losses or reputational damage relating to systems, controls and personnel that are not under our control.
in addition, conflicts or disagreements between us and any of our joint venture partners may negatively impact the benefits to be achieved by the relevant joint venture.
there is no assurance that any of our acquisitions or divestitures will be successfully integrated or disaggregated or yield all of the positive benefits anticipated. if we are not able to integrate or disaggregate successfully our past and future acquisitions or dispositions, there is a risk that our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be materially and adversely affected.
certain of our business initiatives, including expansions of existing businesses, may bring us into contact, directly or
21      december 2016 form 10-k indirectly, with individuals and entities that are not within our traditional client and counterparty base and may expose us to new asset classes and new markets. these business activities expose us to new and enhanced risks, greater regulatory scrutiny of these activities, increased credit-related, sovereign and operational risks, and reputational concerns regarding the manner in which these assets are being operated or held.
for more information regarding the regulatory environment in which we operate, see also “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction morgan stanley, a financial holding company, is a global financial services firm that maintains significant market positions in each of its business segments—institutional securities, wealth management and investment management. morgan stanley, through its subsidiaries and affiliates, provides a wide variety of products and services to a large and diversified group of clients and customers, including corporations, governments, financial institutions and individuals. unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “morgan stanley,” “firm,” “us,” “we,” or “our” mean morgan stanley (the “parent company”) together with its consolidated subsidiaries.
a description of the clients and principal products and services of each of our business segments is as follows:
institutional securities provides investment banking, sales and trading, lending and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions, and high to ultra-high net worth clients. investment banking services consist of capital raising and financial advisory services, including services relating to the underwriting of debt, equity and other securities, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, real estate and project finance. sales and trading services include sales, financing and market-making activities in equity and fixed income products, including foreign exchange and commodities, as well as prime brokerage services. lending services include originating and/or purchasing corporate loans, commercial and residential mortgage lending, asset-backed lending, financing extended to equities and commodities customers, and loans to municipalities. other activities include investments and research.
wealth management provides a comprehensive array of financial services and solutions to individual investors and small to medium-sized businesses and institutions covering brokerage and investment advisory services, financial and wealth planning services, annuity and insurance products, credit and other lending products, banking and retirement plan services.
investment management provides a broad range of investment strategies and products that span geographies, asset classes, and public and private markets to a diverse group of clients across institutional and intermediary channels. strategies and products include equity, fixed income, liquidity and alternative/other products. institutional clients include defined benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors and corporations. individual clients are serviced through intermediaries, including affiliated and non-affiliated distributors.
the results of operations in the past have been, and in the future may continue to be, materially affected by competition; risk factors; and legislative, legal and regulatory developments; as well as other factors. these factors also may have an adverse impact on our ability to achieve our strategic objectives. additionally, the discussion of our results of operations herein may contain forward-looking statements. these statements, which reflect management’s beliefs and expectations, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. for a discussion of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, see “forward-looking statements” immediately preceding part i, item 1, “business—competition” and “business—supervision and regulation” in part i, item 1, “risk factors” in part i, item 1a and “liquidity and capital resources—regulatory requirements” herein.

management’s discussion and analysis executive summary overview of financial results selected financial information and other statistical data
$ in millions, except per share                                   2016                             2015                             2014
amounts net revenues by segment institutional securities                                                         $17,459                          $17,953                          $16,871
wealth management                                                                 15,350                           15,100                           14,888
investment management                                                              2,112                            2,315                            2,712
intersegment eliminations                                                           (290       )                     (213       )                     (196   )
consolidated net revenues                                                        $34,631                          $35,155                          $34,275
net revenues by region1
americas                                                                         $25,487                          $25,080                          $25,140
emea                                                                               4,994                            5,353                            4,772
asia-pacific                                                                       4,150                            4,722                            4,363
consolidated net revenues                                                        $34,631                          $35,155                          $34,275
income from continuing operations applicable to morgan stanley institutional securities                                                          $3,650                           $3,713                             $(77   )
wealth management                                                                  2,104                            2,085                            3,192
investment management                                                                223                              345                              366
intersegment eliminations                                                              1                                —                                —
income from continuing operations applicable to morgan                            $5,978                           $6,143                           $3,481
stanley income (loss) from discontinued operations applicable to morgan                        1                              (16       )                      (14   )
stanley net income applicable to morgan stanley                                            5,979                            6,127                            3,467
preferred stock dividends and other                                                  471                              456                              315
earnings applicable to morgan stanley common                                      $5,508                           $5,671                           $3,152
shareholders earnings per basic common share2                                                   $2.98                            $2.97                            $1.64
earnings per diluted common share2                                                  2.92                             2.90                             1.60
effective income tax rate from continuing operations                                30.8       %                     25.9       %                     (2.5   )%
at december 31,     at december 31,
2016                2015
capital ratios (transitional)3
common equity tier 1 capital ratio               16.9%               15.5%
tier 1 capital ratio                             19.0%               17.4%
total capital ratio                              22.0%               20.7%
tier 1 leverage                                   8.4%                8.3%
ratio4
$ in millions, except per share     at december 31,     at december 31, amounts                                        2016                2015
loans5                                      $94,248             $85,759
total assets                               $814,949            $787,465
global liquidity                           $202,297            $203,264
reserve6
deposits                                   $155,863            $156,034
long-term borrowings                       $164,775            $153,768
common shareholders’ equity                 $68,530             $67,662
common shares outstanding                     1,852               1,920
book value per common share7                 $36.99              $35.24
worldwide employees                          55,311              56,218
emea—europe, middle east and africa
1.   for a discussion of how the geographic breakdown for net revenues is determined, see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.

2.   for the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per common share, see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.

3.   for a discussion of our regulatory capital ratios, see “liquidity and capital resources—regulatory requirements” herein.

4.   see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for information on the tier 1 leverage ratio.

5.            amounts include loans held for investment (net of allowance) and loans held for sale but exclude loans at fair value, which are included in trading assets in the consolidated balance sheets (see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8).

6.                      for a discussion of global liquidity reserve, see “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations—liquidity and capital resources—liquidity risk management framework—global liquidity reserve” herein.

7.   book value per common share equals common shareholders’ equity divided by common shares outstanding.

consolidated results: 2016 compared with 2015
•                                          we reported net revenues of $34,631 million in 2016, compared with $35,155 million in 2015. for
2016, net income applicable to morgan stanley was $5,979 million, or $2.92 per diluted common share, compared with $6,127 million, or $2.90 per diluted common share, in 2015.

•                                                                          results for 2016 included net discrete tax benefits of $68 million or $0.04 per diluted common share, primarily related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of a multi-year tax authority examination, partially offset by adjustments for other tax matters. results for 2015 included net discrete tax benefits of $564 million or $0.29 per diluted common share, primarily associated with the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated, and positive revenues due to the impact of debt valuation adjustment (“dva”) of $618 million or $0.20 per diluted common share. for a further discussion of the net discrete tax bene-

33      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis fits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein.

•                                                                        effective january 1, 2016, we early adopted a provision of the accounting update recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities that requires unrealized gains and losses from debt-related credit spreads and other credit factors (i.e., dva) to be presented in other comprehensive income (loss) (“oci”) as opposed to trading revenues. results for 2015 and 2014 are not restated pursuant to that guidance.

•                                                                        net revenues were $34,631 million and net income applicable to morgan stanley was $5,979 million, or $2.92 per diluted common share, in 2016 compared with net revenues of $34,537 million and net income applicable to morgan stanley of $5,728 million, or $2.70 per diluted common share, excluding dva in 2015. excluding the net discrete tax benefits, net income applicable to morgan stanley was $5,911 million, or $2.88 per diluted common share, in 2016 compared with net income applicable to morgan stanley of $5,164 million, or $2.41 per diluted common share, excluding both dva and the net discrete tax benefits in 2015. (see “selected non-generally accepted accounting principles (“non-gaap”) financial information” herein).

consolidated results: 2015 compared with 2014
•                                     we reported net revenues of $35,155 million in 2015, compared with $34,275 million in 2014. in 2015, net income applicable to morgan stanley was $6,127 million, or $2.90 per diluted common share, compared with $3,467 million, or $1.60 per diluted common share in 2014.

•                                                                            results for 2015 included net discrete tax benefits of $564 million, or $0.29 per diluted common share, primarily associated with the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated, and positive revenues due to the impact of dva of $618 million, or $0.20 per diluted common share. results for 2014 included net discrete tax benefits of $2,226 million, or $1.13 per diluted common share, due to the release of a deferred tax liability associated with a legal entity restructuring, remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of a multi-year tax examination, and the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated. for a further discussion of these net discrete tax benefits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein. results for 2014 also included positive revenues associated with dva of $651 million, or $0.21 per diluted common share. results for 2014 also included litigation costs related to residential mortgage-backed securities and credit crisis matters of $3,083 million, or a loss of $1.47 per diluted common share, 2014 compensation actions of approxi-

mately $1,137 million (see also “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein), or a loss of $0.39 per diluted common share, and a funding valuation adjustment (“fva”) implementation charge of $468 million, or a loss of $0.17 per diluted common share.

•                                                                            excluding dva, net revenues were $34,537 million and net income applicable to morgan stanley was $5,728
million, or $2.70 per diluted common share, in 2015 compared with net revenues of $33,624 million, and net income applicable to morgan stanley of $3,049 million, or $1.39 per diluted common share, in 2014. excluding both dva and the net discrete tax benefits, net income applicable to morgan stanley was $5,164 million, or $2.41 per diluted common share, in 2015 compared with net income applicable to morgan stanley of $823 million, or $0.26 per diluted common share, in 2014 (see “selected non-generally accepted accounting principles (“non-gaap”) financial information” herein). for a further discussion of the net discrete tax benefits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein.

business segment net revenues: 2016 compared with 2015
•                                institutional securities net revenues of $17,459 million in 2016 decreased 3% compared with
$17,953 million in 2015, primarily as a result of lower investment banking and sales and trading revenues, partially offset by higher other revenues.

•                     wealth management net revenues of $15,350 million in 2016 increased 2% from $15,100 million in 2015, primarily as a result of growth in net interest income, partially offset by lower commissions and fees and investment banking revenues.

•                                                         investment management net revenues of $2,112 million in 2016 decreased 9% from $2,315 million in
2015, primarily reflecting weaker investment performance compared with 2015. this was partially offset by carried interest losses in 2015 associated with asia private equity that did not re-occur in 2016.
asset management fees in 2016 were relatively unchanged from 2015.

business segment net revenues: 2015 compared with 2014
•                                           institutional securities net revenues of $17,953 million in 2015 increased 6% compared with
$16,871 million in 2014, primarily as a result of higher sales and trading net revenues, partially offset by lower other revenues and lower revenues in investment banking.

•                   wealth management net revenues of $15,100 million in 2015 increased 1% from $14,888 million in 2014, primarily as a result of higher net interest income and asset management revenues, partially offset by lower transactional revenues.

management’s discussion and analysis
•                                              investment management net revenues of $2,315 million in 2015 decreased 15% from $2,712 million in
2014, primarily reflecting the reversal of previously accrued carried interest, reduction in revenues attributable to non-controlling interests and markdowns on principal investments.

consolidated non-interest expenses: 2016 compared with 2015
•                                                                  compensation and benefits expenses of $15,878 million in 2016 decreased 1% from $16,016 million in
2015, primarily due to a decrease in salaries, severance costs, discretionary incentive compensation and employer taxes, partially offset by an increase in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments.

•                                 non-compensation expenses were $9,905 million in 2016 compared with $10,644 million in 2015, representing a 7% decrease, primarily due to lower litigation costs and expense management.

consolidated non-interest expenses: 2015 compared with 2014
•                                                                            compensation and benefits expenses of $16,016 million in 2015 decreased 10% from $17,824 million in
2014, primarily as a result of the 2014 compensation actions, and a decrease in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments, related carried interest, and the level of discretionary incentive compensation in 2015 (see also
“supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein).

•                                                                                          non-compensation expenses were $10,644 million in 2015 compared with $12,860 million in 2014, representing a 17% decrease, primarily due to lower litigation costs in the institutional securities business segment associated with residential mortgage-backed securities and credit crisis-related matters.

return on average common equity
•                                                                         for 2016, the return on average common equity and the return on average common equity, excluding dva was 8.0%, or 7.9% excluding dva and the net discrete tax benefits. for 2015, the return on average common equity was 8.5%, or 7.8% excluding dva, and 7.0% excluding dva and the net discrete tax benefits. for 2014, the return on average common equity was 4.8%, or 4.1% excluding dva, and 0.8% excluding dva and the net discrete tax benefits. see “selected non-generally accepted accounting principles (“non-gaap”)
financial information” herein.

selected non-generally accepted accounting principles (“non-gaap”) financial information we prepare our consolidated financial statements using accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (“u.s. gaap”). from time to time, we may disclose certain “non-gaap financial measures” in this document, or in the course of our earnings releases, earnings and other conference calls, financial presentations and otherwise. a “non-gaap financial measure” excludes, or includes, amounts from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. non-gaap financial measures disclosed by us are provided as additional information to investors and analysts in order to provide them with further transparency about, or as an alternative method for assessing, our financial condition, operating results or prospective regulatory capital requirements. these measures are not in accordance with, or a substitute for, u.s. gaap and may be different from or inconsistent with non-gaap financial measures used by other companies. whenever we refer to a non-gaap financial measure, we will also generally define it or present the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap, along with a reconciliation of the differences between the u.s. gaap financial measure and the non-gaap financial measure.
the principal non-gaap financial measures presented in this document are set forth below.
non-gaap financial measures by business segment
$ in billions                        2016                           2015              2014
pre-tax profit margin1
institutional securities                                   29   %            26   %            n/m wealth management                                          22   %            22   %             20   %
investment management                                      14   %            21   %             24   %
consolidated                                               26   %            24   %             10   %
average common equity2
institutional securities                                $43.2             $34.6              $32.2
wealth management                                        15.3              11.2               11.2
investment management                                     2.8               2.2                2.9
parent company                                            7.6              18.9               19.0
consolidated average common equity                      $68.9             $66.9              $65.3
return on average common equity2
institutional securities                                  7.6   %           9.9   %            n/m wealth management                                        13.3   %          16.9   %           27.5   %
investment management                                     7.7   %          15.8   %           13.0   %
consolidated                                              8.0   %           8.5   %            4.8   %
35      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis reconciliations from u.s. gaap to non-gaap consolidated financial measures
$ in millions, except per share data                                2016                      2015                      2014
net revenues u.s. gaap                                                                     $34,631                   $35,155                    $34,275
impact of                                                                           —                      (618     )                 (651    )
dva3
net revenues, excluding                                                       $34,631                   $34,537                    $33,624
dva—non-gaap4
net income applicable to morgan stanley u.s. gaap                                                                      $5,979                    $6,127                     $3,467
impact of dva, net of                                                               —                      (399     )                 (418    )
tax3
net income applicable to morgan stanley, excluding dva—non-gaap4               $5,979                    $5,728                     $3,049
impact of net discrete tax benefits5                                              (68     )                (564     )               (2,226    )
net income applicable to morgan stanley, excluding dva and net                 $5,911                    $5,164                       $823
discrete tax benefits—non gaap4
earnings per diluted common share u.s. gaap                                                                       $2.92                     $2.90                      $1.60
impact of                                                                           —                     (0.20     )                (0.21    )
dva3
earnings per diluted common share, excluding dva—non-gaap4                      $2.92                     $2.70                      $1.39
impact of net discrete tax benefits5                                            (0.04     )               (0.29     )                (1.13    )
earnings per diluted common share, excluding dva and net discrete               $2.88                     $2.41                      $0.26
tax benefits—non-gaap4
effective income tax rate u.s. gaap                                                                        30.8     %                25.9     %                 (2.5   )%
impact of net discrete tax benefits5                                              0.8     %                 6.6     %                 62.0    %
effective income tax rate from continuing operations, excluding                  31.6     %                32.5     %                 59.5    %
net discrete tax benefits—non-gaap4
n/m—not meaningful dva represents the change in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in our credit spreads and other credit factors related to liabilities carried at fair value under the fair value option, primarily certain long-term and short-term borrowings.
1.                                                                                                pre-tax profit margin is a non-gaap financial measure that we consider to be a useful measure to us, investors and analysts to assess operating performance and represents income from continuing operations before income taxes as a percentage of net revenues.

2.                                                                                        average common equity and return on average common equity are non-gaap financial measures we consider to be useful measures to us, investors and analysts to assess capital adequacy and to allow better comparability of period-to-period operating performance. average common equity for each business segment is determined using our required capital framework, an internal capital adequacy measure (see “liquidity and capital resources—regulatory requirements—attribution of average common equity according to the required capital framework” herein). each business segment’s return on average common equity equals net income applicable to morgan stanley less an allocation of preferred dividends as a percentage of average common equity for that segment. consolidated return on average common equity equals consolidated net income applicable to morgan stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage of average common equity.

3.                                                                in 2016, in accordance with the early adoption of a provision of the accounting update recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, unrealized dva gains (losses) are recorded within oci in the consolidated comprehensive income statements. for 2015 and 2014, dva gains (losses) were recorded within trading revenues in the consolidated income statements. see notes 2 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information.

4.                                                                 net revenues, excluding dva, net income applicable to morgan stanley, excluding dva, net income applicable to morgan stanley, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits, earnings per diluted common share, excluding dva, earnings per diluted common share, excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits and effective income tax rate from continuing operations, excluding net discrete tax benefits, are non-gaap financial measures we consider to be useful measures to us, investors and analysts to allow better comparability of period-to-period operating performance.

5.   for a discussion of our net discrete tax benefits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein.

consolidated non-gaap financial measures
$ in billions                                 2016                    2015                    2014
average common equity1, 3
unadjusted                                              $68.9                   $66.9                   $65.3
excluding dva                                            69.1                    67.6                    66.4
excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits              69.1                    67.1                    65.7
return on average common equity1,
2
unadjusted                                                8.0     %               8.5     %               4.8   %
excluding dva                                             8.0     %               7.8     %               4.1   %
excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits               7.9     %               7.0     %               0.8   %
average tangible common equity1,
3
unadjusted                                              $59.5                   $57.3                   $55.5
excluding dva                                            59.6                    57.9                    56.7
excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits              59.7                    57.5                    55.9
return on average tangible common equity1,
4
unadjusted                                                9.3     %               9.9     %               5.7   %
excluding dva                                             9.2     %               9.1     %               4.8   %
excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits               9.1     %               8.2     %               0.9   %
at december 31,     at december 31,
2016                2015
tangible book value per common share1, 5   $31.98              $30.26
1.                                               the average common equity, return on average common equity, average tangible common equity, return on average tangible common equity and tangible book value per common share measures set forth in this table are all non-gaap financial measures we consider to be useful measures to us, investors and analysts to assess capital adequacy and to allow better comparability of period-to-period operating performance. for a discussion of tangible common equity, see “liquidity and capital resources—tangible equity” herein.

2.                                                                return on average common equity equals consolidated net income applicable to morgan stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage of average common equity. effective january 1, 2016, as a result of the adoption of a provision of the accounting update related to dva, we have redefined the calculations of the return on average common equity excluding dva, and excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits to adjust for dva only in the denominator. prior to january 1, 2016, for the return on average common equity measures, where dva is excluded, both the numerator and denominator were adjusted to exclude the impact of dva. when excluding the net discrete tax benefits, both the numerator and denominator are adjusted to exclude that item in all periods.

3.                                                             the impact of dva on average common equity and average tangible common equity was approximately $(183) million, $(637)
million and $(1,108) million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the impact of the net discrete tax benefits on average common equity and average tangible common equity was approximately $(40) million, $434 million and $713 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

4.                                                                    return on average tangible common equity equals net income applicable to morgan stanley less preferred dividends as a percentage of average tangible common equity. effective january 1, 2016, as a result of the adoption of a provision of the accounting update related to dva, we have redefined the calculations of return on average tangible common equity excluding dva, and excluding dva and net discrete tax benefits to adjust for dva only in the denominator. prior to january 1, 2016, for the return on average tangible common equity measures, where dva is excluded, both the numerator and the denominator were adjusted to exclude the impact of dva. when excluding the net discrete tax benefits, both the numerator and denominator are adjusted to exclude that item in all periods. the impact of dva was insignificant in 2016 and 0.8% and 0.9%
in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the impact of the net discrete tax benefits was 0.1%, 0.9% and 3.9% in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.

5.                            tangible book value per common share equals tangible common equity of $59,234 million at december 31, 2016
and $58,098 million at december 31, 2015 divided by common shares outstanding of 1,852 million at december 31, 2016 and 1,920 million at december 31, 2015.

management’s discussion and analysis return on equity target we are aiming to improve our return to shareholders and, accordingly, have established a target return on average common equity (“return on equity target”) of 9% to 11%, excluding dva to be achieved by 2017, subject to the successful execution of our strategic objectives. we plan to progress toward achieving our return on equity target through the following key elements of our strategy:
•   revenue and profitability growth:

•                          wealth management pre-tax margin improvement to approximately 23% to
25% through net interest income growth via continued high-quality lending, expense efficiency and business growth;

•   continued strength in investment banking and equity sales and trading results;

•   stable performance in fixed income sales and trading and investment management;

•   expense efficiency:

•                                     successful completion of project streamline, our expense savings program launched in 2016 to reduce expenses by $1 billion by 2017 (not including any outsized litigation expense or penalties) assuming a flat revenue environment, resulting in an expense efficiency target ratio of 74%;

•   sufficient capital:

•   increasing capital returns to shareholders, subject to regulatory approval.

our return on equity target and the related strategies and goals are forward-looking statements that may be materially affected by many factors, including, among other things: macroeconomic and market conditions; legislative and regulatory developments; industry trading and investment banking volumes; equity market levels; interest rate environment; legal expenses and the ability to reduce expenses in general; capital levels; and discrete tax items. given the uncertainties surrounding these and other factors, there are significant risks that our return on equity target and the related strategies and goals may not be realized. actual results may differ from our goals and targets, and the differences may be material and adverse. accordingly, we caution that undue reliance should not be placed on any of these forward-looking statements. see “forward-looking statements” immediately preceding part i, item 1 and “risk factors” in part i, item 1a for additional information regarding these forward-looking statements.
return on average common equity and pre-tax margin are non-gaap financial measures that we consider to be a useful measure to us, investors and analysts to assess operating performance. see “selected non-generally accepted accounting principles (“non-gaap”) financial information” herein. our expense efficiency ratio represents total non-interest expenses as a percentage of net revenues. for 2016, our expense efficiency ratio was 74.5%, which was calculated as non-interest expenses of $25,783 million divided by net revenues of $34,631 million.
business segments substantially all of our operating revenues and operating expenses are directly attributable to our business segments. certain revenues and expenses have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues, non-interest expenses or other relevant measures.
as a result of treating certain intersegment transactions as transactions with external parties, we include an intersegment eliminations category to reconcile the business segment results to our consolidated results.
net revenues investment banking.    investment banking revenues are composed of fees from advisory services and revenues from the underwriting of securities offerings and syndication of loans, net of syndication expenses.
trading.    trading revenues include revenues from customers’ purchases and sales of financial instruments in which we act as a market maker, as well as gains and losses on our related positions and other positions carried at fair value. trading revenues include the realized gains and losses from sales of cash instruments and derivative settlements, unrealized gains and losses from ongoing fair value changes of our positions related to market-making activities, and gains and losses related to investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans and other positions carried at fair value. in many markets, the realized and unrealized gains and losses from the purchase and sale transactions will include any spreads between bids and offers. certain fees received on loans carried at fair value and dividends from equity securities are also recorded in trading revenues since they relate to positions carried at fair value.
as a market maker, we stand ready to buy, sell or otherwise transact with customers under a variety of market conditions and to provide firm or indicative prices in response to customer requests. our liquidity obligations can be explicit in some cases, and in others, customers expect us to be willing to transact with them. in order to most effectively fulfill our
37      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis market-making function, we engage in activities across all of our trading businesses that include, but are not limited to:
(i)       taking positions in anticipation of, and in response to, customer demand to buy or sell and—depending on the liquidity of the relevant market and the size of the position—to hold those positions for a period of time;

(ii)   managing and assuming basis risk (risk associated with imperfect hedging) between customized customer risks and the standardized products available in the market to hedge those risks;

(iii)   building, maintaining and rebalancing inventory, through trades with other market participants, and engaging in accumulation activities to accommodate anticipated customer demand;

(iv)   trading in the market to remain current on pricing and trends; and

(v)   engaging in other activities to provide efficiency and liquidity for markets.

although not included in trading revenues, interest income and expense are also impacted by market-making activities, as debt securities held by us earn interest and securities are loaned, borrowed, sold with agreement to repurchase and purchased with agreement to resell.
we often invest in investments or other financial instruments to economically hedge our obligations under certain deferred compensation plans. changes in the value of such investments are recorded in either trading revenues or investments revenues. expenses associated with the related deferred compensation plans are recorded in compensation and benefits. generally, changes in compensation expense resulting from changes in fair value of the referenced investment will be offset by changes in fair value of the investments made by us.
investments.    our investments generally are held for long-term appreciation, or as discussed above, for hedging purposes and generally are subject to significant sales restrictions. estimates of the fair value of the investments may involve significant judgment and may fluctuate significantly over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions generally or in relation to specific transactions. in some cases, such investments are required or are a necessary part of offering other products.
the revenues recorded are the result of realized gains and losses from sales and unrealized gains and losses from ongoing fair value changes of our holdings, as well as from investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation and co-investment plans.
typically, there are no fee revenues from these investments. the sales restrictions on the investments relate primarily to redemption and withdrawal restrictions on investments in certain investment management funds, which include investments made in connection with certain employee deferred compensation plans (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8). restrictions on interests in exchanges and clearinghouses generally include a requirement to hold those interests for the period of time where we are clearing trades on that exchange or clearinghouse. additionally, there are certain sponsored investment management funds consolidated by us primarily related to holders of noncontrolling interests.
commissions and fees.    commission and fee revenues primarily arise from agency transactions in listed and over-the-counter (“otc”) equity securities, services related to sales and trading activities, and sales of mutual funds, futures, insurance products and options. commissions received for purchasing and selling listed equity securities and options are recorded separately in commissions and fees. other cash and derivative instruments typically do not have fees associated with them, and fees for any related services are recorded in commissions and fees.
asset management, distribution and administration fees.    asset management, distribution and administration fees include fees associated with the management and supervision of assets, account services and administration, performance-based fees relating to certain funds, separately managed accounts, shareholder servicing and the distribution of certain open-ended mutual funds.
asset management, distribution and administration fees in the wealth management business segment also include revenues from individual and institutional investors electing a fee-based pricing arrangement and fees for investment management. mutual fund distribution fees in the wealth management business segment are based on either the average daily fund net asset balances or average daily aggregate net fund sales and are affected by changes in the overall level and mix of assets under management or supervision.
asset management fees in the investment management business segment arise from investment management services we provide to investment vehicles pursuant to various contractual arrangements. we receive fees primarily based upon mutual fund daily average net assets or based on monthly or quarterly invested equity for other vehicles. performance-based fees in the investment management business segment are earned on certain products as a percentage of appreciation earned by those products and, in certain cases, are based upon the achievement of performance criteria. these fees are normally earned annually and are recognized on a monthly or quarterly basis.

management’s discussion and analysis net interest.    interest income and interest expense are a function of the level and mix of total assets and liabilities, including trading assets and trading liabilities; investment securities, which include available-for-sale (“afs”) securities and held-to-maturity (“htm”) securities; securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell; securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase; loans; deposits; other short-term borrowings; long-term borrowings; trading strategies; customer activity in the prime brokerage business; and the prevailing level, term structure and volatility of interest rates.
other.    other revenues include revenues from equity method investments, realized gains and losses on afs securities, gains and losses on loans held for sale, provision for loan losses, and other miscellaneous revenues.
net revenues by segment institutional securities.    net revenues are composed of investment banking revenues, sales and trading net revenues, investments and other revenues.
for information about the composition of investment banking revenues, see “net revenues” herein.   sales and trading net revenues are composed of trading revenues; commissions and fees; asset management, distribution and administration fees; and net interest. in assessing the profitability of our sales and trading activities, we view these net revenues in the aggregate. in addition, decisions relating to trading are based on an overall review of aggregate revenues and costs associated with each transaction or series of transactions. this review includes, among other things, an assessment of the potential gain or loss associated with a transaction, including any associated commissions and fees, dividends, the interest income or expense associated with financing or hedging our positions and other related expenses.
sales and trading revenues are broken down into major business lines as follows: equity, fixed income and other. see “sales and trading activities—equity and fixed income” for a description of the activities within equity and fixed income. other sales and trading revenues include impacts from certain central treasury functions, such as liquidity costs and gains (losses) on economic hedges related to long-term borrowings, as well as certain activities associated with corporate lending activities.
for information about revenue from investments, see “net revenues” herein.
other revenues include revenues from equity method investments, gains and losses on loans held for sale, provision for loan losses, and other miscellaneous revenues.
wealth management.    net revenues are composed of transactional, asset management, net interest and other revenues.
transactional revenues include investment banking, trading, and commissions and fees. investment banking revenues include revenues from the distribution of equity and fixed income securities, including initial public offerings, secondary offerings, closed-end funds and unit trusts. trading revenues include revenues from customers’ purchases and sales of financial instruments, in which we act as principal, and gains and losses associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans. revenues from commissions and fees primarily arise from agency transactions in listed and otc equity securities and sales of mutual funds, futures, insurance products and options.
asset management revenues include asset management, distribution and administration fees, and referral fees related to the bank deposit program.
net interest income includes interest related to the bank deposit program, interest on afs securities and htm securities, interest on lending activities and other net interest. interest income and interest expense are a function of the level and mix of total assets and liabilities. net interest is driven by securities-based lending, mortgage lending, margin loans, securities borrowed and securities loaned transactions, and bank deposit program activity.
other revenues include revenues from realized gains and losses on afs securities, provision for loan losses, referral fees and other miscellaneous revenues.
investment management.    investments revenue is primarily earned on investments in certain closed-end funds that generally are held for long-term appreciation and generally subject to sales restrictions. estimates of the fair value of the investments involve significant judgment and may fluctuate materially over time in light of business, market, economic and financial conditions generally or in relation to specific transactions.
for information about the composition of asset management, distribution and administration fees, see “net revenues” herein.   compensation expense compensation and benefits expense includes accruals for base salaries and fixed allowances, formulaic programs, discretionary incentive compensation, amortization of deferred cash and equity awards, changes in fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments, carried interest, severance costs, and other items such as health and welfare benefits. the factors that drive compensation for our employees vary from quarter to quarter, from segment to segment and within a segment. for certain revenue-producing employees in the wealth management and investment management business segments, compensation is largely paid
39      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis on the basis of formulaic payouts that link employee compensation to revenues. compensation for certain employees, including revenue-producing employees in the institutional securities business segment, may also include incentive compensation that is determined following the assessment of the firm, business unit and individual performance. compensation for our remaining employees is largely fixed in nature (e.g., base salary, benefits, etc.).
compensation expense for deferred cash-based compensation plans is calculated based on the notional value of the award granted, adjusted for upward and downward changes in fair value of the referenced investment, and is recognized ratably over the prescribed vesting period for the award. however, there may be a timing difference between the immediate revenue recognition of gains and losses on our investments and the deferred recognition of the related compensation expense over the vesting period.
income taxes the income tax provision for our business segments is generally determined based on the revenues, expenses and activities directly attributable to each business segment. certain items have been allocated to each business segment, generally in proportion to its respective net revenues or other relevant measures.

management’s discussion and analysis institutional securities income statement information
% change
$ in millions                                               2016                   2015                   2014                   2016                2015
revenues investment banking                                                    $4,476                 $5,008                 $5,203               (11)%                (4)%
trading                                                                9,387                  9,400                  8,445                   —                 11%
investments                                                              147                    274                    240               (46)%                 14%
commissions and fees                                                   2,456                  2,616                  2,610                (6)%                   —
asset management, distribution and administration fees                   293                    281                    281                  4%                   —
other                                                                    535                    221                    684                142%               (68)%
total non-interest                                                    17,294                 17,800                 17,463                (3)%                  2%
revenues interest income                                                        4,005                  3,190                  3,389                 26%                (6)%
interest expense                                                       3,840                  3,037                  3,981                 26%               (24)%
net interest                                                             165                    153                   (592   )              8%                 n/m net revenues                                                          17,459                 17,953                 16,871                (3)%                  6%
compensation and benefits                                              6,275                  6,467                  7,786                (3)%               (17)%
non-compensation                                                       6,061                  6,815                  9,143               (11)%               (25)%
expenses total non-interest                                                    12,336                 13,282                 16,929                (7)%               (22)%
expenses income (loss) from continuing operations before income                 5,123                  4,671                    (58   )             10%                 n/m taxes provision for (benefit from) income taxes                              1,318                    825                    (90   )             60%                 n/m income from continuing operations                                      3,805                  3,846                     32                (1)%                 n/m income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income                 (1   )                (17   )                (19   )             94%                 11%
taxes net income                                                             3,804                  3,829                     13                (1)%                 n/m net income applicable to noncontrolling interests                        155                    133                    109                 17%                 22%
net income (loss) applicable to morgan stanley                        $3,649                 $3,696                   $(96   )            (1)%                 n/m n/m—not meaningful investment banking investment banking revenues
% change
$ in millions                        2016              2015              2014              2016                2015
advisory revenues                             $2,220            $1,967            $1,634             13%                 20%
underwriting revenues:
equity underwriting revenues                     887             1,398             1,613           (37)%               (13)%
fixed income underwriting revenues             1,369             1,643             1,956           (17)%               (16)%
total underwriting revenues                    2,256             3,041             3,569           (26)%               (15)%
total investment banking revenues             $4,476            $5,008            $5,203           (11)%                (4)%
investment banking volumes
$ in billions                          20161           20151         20141
completed mergers and acquisitions2           $1,006          $662          $625
equity and equity-related offerings3              45            67            72
fixed income                                     239           256           265
offerings4
1.                                                                       source: thomson reuters, data at january 17, 2017. completed mergers and acquisitions volumes are based on full credit to each of the advisors in a transaction. equity and equity-related offerings and fixed income offerings are based on full credit for single book managers and equal credit for joint book managers. transaction volumes may not be indicative of net revenues in a given period. in addition, transaction volumes for prior periods may vary from amounts previously reported due to the subsequent withdrawal or change in the value of a transaction.

2.   amounts include transactions of $100 million or more.

3.   amounts include rule 144a issuances and registered public offerings of common stock and convertible securities and rights offerings.

4.                                                    amounts include non-convertible preferred stock, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and taxable municipal debt. amounts include publicly registered and rule 144a issues. amounts exclude leveraged loans and self-led issuances.

2016 compared with 2015
investment banking revenues of $4,476 million in 2016 decreased 11% from 2015 due to lower underwriting revenues, partially offset by an increase in advisory revenues in 2016.
•                                                                      advisory revenues increased reflecting the higher dollar volume of completed merger, acquisition and restructuring transactions (“m&amp;a”) activity (see investment banking volumes table). as the number of completed transactions decreased in 2016 versus 2015, the 2016 revenue increase was at a lower rate than the percentage increase in dollar volume.

•         equity underwriting revenues decreased as a result of lower equity-related offerings in 2016 (see investment banking volumes table). fixed income underwriting revenues decreased in 2016, primarily due to lower bond and loan fees.

2015 compared with 2014
investment banking revenues of $5,008 million in 2015 decreased 4% from 2014 due to lower underwriting revenues, partially offset by higher advisory revenues.
•   advisory revenues increased led primarily by m&amp;a fee realization in the americas.

•                        equity underwriting revenues decreased on reduced volumes driven by lower initial public offerings (see investment banking volumes table). fixed income underwriting revenues decreased primarily driven by lower non-investment grade bond and loan fees.

41      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis sales and trading net revenues by income statement line item
$ in millions                                            2016              2015              2014
trading                                                           $9,387            $9,400            $8,445
commissions and fees                                               2,456             2,616             2,610
asset management, distribution and administration fees               293               281               281
net interest                                                         165               153              (592   )
total sales and trading net revenues                             $12,301           $12,450           $10,744
by business
% change
$ in millions             2016                 2015                 2014                 2016               2015
equity—u.s. gaap                  $8,037               $8,288               $7,135                (3   )%             16    %
impact of                              —                 (163   )             (232   )           100    %             30    %
dva1
impact of                              —                    —                    2                 —                (100   )%
fva2
equity—non-gaap                   $8,037               $8,125               $6,905                (1   )%             18    %
fixed income—u.s. gaap3           $5,117               $4,758               $4,214                 8    %             13    %
impact of                              —                 (455   )             (419   )           100    %             (9   )%
dva1
impact of                              —                    —                  466                 —                (100   )%
fva2
fixed                             $5,117               $4,303               $4,261                19    %              1    %
income—non-gaap other—u.s. gaap                     (853   )             (596   )             (605   )           (43   )%              1    %
total—u.s. gaap                  $12,301              $12,450              $10,744                (1   )%             16    %
total—impact of dva1                   —                 (618   )             (651   )           100    %              5    %
total—impact of fva2                   —                    —                  468                 —                (100   )%
total—non-gaap                   $12,301              $11,832              $10,561                 4    %             12    %
1.                                                                in 2016, in accordance with the early adoption of a provision of the accounting update recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, unrealized dva gains (losses) are recorded within oci in the consolidated comprehensive income statements. in 2015 and 2014, dva gains (losses) were recorded within trading revenues in the consolidated income statements. see notes 2 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information.

2.   represents the initial implementation of fva.

3.   effective in 2016, the institutional securities “fixed income and commodities” business has been renamed the
“fixed income” business.

sales and trading net revenues, including equity and fixed income sales and trading net revenues that exclude the impact of dva in 2015, or exclude the impact of dva and the initial implementation of fva in 2014, are non-gaap financial measures that we consider useful for us, investors and analysts to allow further comparability of period-to-period operating performance.
sales and trading activities—equity and fixed income following is a description of the sales and trading activities within our equities and fixed income businesses as well as how their results impact the income statement line items, followed by a presentation and explanation of results.
equities—financing.    we provide financing and prime brokerage services to our clients active in the equity markets through a variety of products including margin lending, securities lending and swaps. results from this business are largely driven by the difference between financing income earned and financing costs incurred, which are reflected in net interest for securities and equity lending products and in trading revenues for derivative products.
equities—execution services.    we make markets for our clients in equity-related securities and derivative products, including providing liquidity and hedging products. a significant portion of the results for this business is generated by commissions and fees from executing and clearing client transactions on major stock and derivative exchanges as well as from otc transactions. market-making also generates gains and losses on inventory, which are reflected in trading revenues.
fixed income—within fixed income we make markets in order to facilitate client activity as part of the following products and services.
•                                                                                      global macro products. we make markets for our clients in interest rate, foreign exchange and emerging market products, including exchange-traded and otc securities, loans and derivative instruments. the results of this market-making activity are primarily driven by gains and losses from buying and selling positions to stand ready for and satisfy client demand and are recorded in trading revenues.

•                                                                                      credit products. we make markets in credit-sensitive products, such as corporate bonds and mortgage securities and other securitized products, and related derivative instruments. the value of positions in this business are sensitive to changes in credit spreads and interest rates, which result in gains and losses reflected in trading revenues. due to the amount and type of the interest-bearing securities and loans making up this business, a significant portion of the results is also reflected in net interest revenues.

•                          commodities products. we make markets in various commodity products related primarily to electricity, natural gas, oil, and precious metals, with the results primarily reflected in trading revenues.

management’s discussion and analysis sales and trading net revenues—equity and fixed income
2016
$ in millions               trading               fees1         net                        total interest2
financing                    $3,668                $347         $(283         )           $3,732
execution services            2,231               2,241                (167   )            4,305
total equity                 $5,899              $2,588         $(450         )           $8,037
total fixed income           $4,115                $162         $840                      $5,117
2015
$ in millions               trading               fees1                 net                total interest2
financing                    $3,300                $322                $126               $3,748
execution services            2,210               2,437                (270   )            4,377
impact of                       163                   —                   —                  163
dva3
total equity                 $5,673              $2,759               $(144   )           $8,288
fixed income                 $3,333                $139                $831               $4,303
impact of                       455                   —                   —                  455
dva3
total fixed income           $3,788                $139                $831               $4,758
2014
$ in millions               trading                fees1                 net                total interest2
financing                    $2,843                 $283                 $23               $3,149
execution services            1,623                2,473                (340   )            3,756
impact of                       232                    —                   —                  232
dva3
impact of fva                    (2   )                —                   —                   (2   )
total equity                 $4,696               $2,756               $(317   )           $7,135
fixed income                 $3,824                 $136                $301               $4,261
impact of                       419                    —                   —                  419
dva3
impact of fva                  (466   )                —                   —                 (466   )
total fixed income           $3,777                 $136                $301               $4,214
1.   includes commissions and fees and asset management, distribution and administration fees.

2.   funding costs are allocated to the businesses based on funding usage and are included in net interest in the previous tables. such allocations were estimated for prior periods to conform to the current presentation.

3.                                                                  in 2016, in accordance with the early adoption of a provision of the accounting update recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, unrealized dva gains (losses) are recorded within oci in the consolidated comprehensive income statements. in 2015 and 2014, the dva gains (losses) were recorded within trading revenues in the consolidated income statements. see notes 2 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information.

as discussed in “net revenues by segment” herein, we manage each of the sales and trading businesses based on its aggregate net revenues, which are comprised of the consolidated income statement line items quantified in the previous table. trading revenues are affected by a variety of market dynamics, including volumes, bid-offer spreads, and inventory prices, as well as impacts from hedging activity, which are interrelated. we provide qualitative commentary in the discussion of results that follow on the key drivers of period over period variances, as the quantitative impact of the various market dynamics typically cannot be disaggregated.
for additional information on total trading revenues, see the table “trading revenues by product type” in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
2016 compared with 2015
equity excluding the $163 million positive impact of dva on 2015 results, equity sales and trading net revenues of $8,037 million in 2016 were lower than 2015, reflecting lower results in both financing and execution services revenues.
•                                    financing revenues were in line with the results from 2015 as net interest revenues declined from higher net interest costs, reflecting the business’ increased portion of global liquidity reserve requirements, offset by increased client activity in equity swaps reflected in trading.

•   execution services decreased 2% from 2015, primarily reflecting a decrease in fee revenues of
$196 million due to reduced client activity.

fixed income excluding the $455 million positive impact of dva on 2015 results, fixed income net revenues of $5,117 million in 2016 were 19% higher than 2015, primarily due to improved results in credit products.
•                        credit products trading revenues were the primary driver for the overall increase in fixed income trading revenues of $782 million, reflecting an improved credit market environment that resulted in gains on inventory in 2016 compared with losses in 2015.

•                                                                          overall results from other fixed income businesses were relatively unchanged. there was a net increase in trading revenues from global macro products, reflecting gains on inventory in interest rate products, offset by declines in commodities activities, primarily due to the absence of revenues from the global oil merchanting business, which was sold on november 1, 2015. for more information on the sale of the global oil merchanting business, see “investments, other revenues, non-interest expenses, income tax items, dispositions and other items—2015 compared with 2014—dispositions” herein.

other
•   other sales and trading net losses of $853 million in 2016 increased from 2015, primarily reflecting losses in 2016 associated with corporate loan hedging activity.

43      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis
2015 compared with 2014
equity equity sales and trading net revenues, excluding the impact of dva and the implementation of fva, increased reflecting higher results in financing and execution services revenues.
•                              financing revenues increased 19% from 2014 with an increase in client balances and derivative activity reflected in the $457 million increase in trading revenues primarily from equity swaps and a $103 million increase in net interest revenues for securities.

•      execution services increased 17% from 2014, primarily due to the $587 million increase in trading revenues from client activity in derivatives and reduced inventory losses compared with the prior year.

fixed income excluding the $455 million positive impact of dva on 2015 results, and the $419 million positive impact of dva and the $466 million negative impact from the implementation of fva on 2014 results, fixed income net revenues of $4,303 million in 2015 were 1% higher than 2014 due to improved results in global macro and commodities products, offset by lower results in credit products.
•              global macro products results increased from 2014, primarily due to an increase in trading revenues due to improved results in interest rate products as a result of inventory gains and improved performance in foreign exchange products

•                                                                       credit products decreased, primarily driven by a decrease in trading revenues from lower results in credit and securitized products from a widening credit spread environment, which led to inventory losses. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in net interest revenues, driven primarily by a change in the product mix in the securitized products group assets.

•                                                                 commodities products net revenues increased, primarily reflecting higher revenues from the global oil merchanting business, which was sold on november 1, 2015. the increase was partially offset by credit-driven losses and the absence of revenues from transmontaigne inc., which was sold on july 1, 2014 (see “investments, other revenues, non-interest expenses, income tax items, dispositions and other items—2015 compared with 2014—dispositions” herein).

investments, other revenues, non-interest expenses, income tax items, dispositions and other items
2016 compared with 2015
investments
•                    net investment gains of $147 million in 2016 decreased from 2015 as a result of lower gains on real estate and business-related investments and losses on investments associated with our compensation plans compared with gains in 2015.

other
•                          other revenues of $535 million in 2016 increased from 2015, primarily reflecting mark-to-market gains on loans held for sale in 2016 compared with mark-to-market losses in
2015, partially offset by lower results related to our 40% stake in mitsubishi ufj morgan stanley securities co., ltd. (“mumss”) (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information).

non-interest expenses non-interest expenses of $12,336 million in 2016 decreased from 2015, primarily reflecting a 3% reduction in compensation and benefits expenses and an 11% reduction in non-compensation expenses in 2016.
•                                   compensation and benefits expenses decreased in 2016, primarily due to a decrease in salaries, severance costs, discretionary incentive compensation and employer taxes, partially offset by an increase in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments.

•                                                                    non-compensation expenses decreased in 2016, primarily due to lower litigation costs and professional services expense. in 2015, non-compensation expenses included increases to reserves for the settlement of a credit default swap (“cds”) antitrust litigation matter and legacy residential mortgage-backed securities matters.

2015 compared with 2014
investments
•   net investment gains of $274 million in 2015 increased 14% from 2014 driven by gains on business-related investments.

other
•                                    other revenues of $221 million in 2015 decreased 68% from 2014 due to the absence of gains realized on certain assets sold in 2014 (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8) and markdowns and provisions on loans held for sale and held for investment.

management’s discussion and analysis non-interest expenses non-interest expenses of $13,282 million in 2015 decreased 22% from 2014 driven by a 25% reduction in non-compensation expenses and a 17% reduction in compensation and benefits expenses.
•                                                                compensation and benefits expenses decreased, primarily due to the 2014 compensation actions, a decrease in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments and a decrease in the level of discretionary incentive compensation in 2015 (see also “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein).

•   non-compensation expenses decreased, primarily due to lower litigation costs.

income tax items in 2016, we recognized in provision for (benefit from) income taxes net discrete tax benefits of $83 million. these net discrete tax benefits were primarily related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of a multi-year tax authority examination, partially offset by adjustments for other tax matters.
in 2015, we recognized in provision for (benefit from) income taxes net discrete tax benefits of $564 million. these net discrete tax benefits were primarily associated with the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated due to an internal restructuring to simplify our legal entity organization in the united kingdom (“u.k.”).
in 2014, we recognized in provision for (benefit from) income taxes net discrete tax benefits of $839 million. this included net discrete tax benefits of $612 million principally associated with remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of a multi-year tax authority examination and $237 million primarily associated with the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated. in addition, our provision for (benefit from) income taxes was impacted by approximately $900 million of tax provision as a result of non-deductible expenses related to litigation and regulatory matters.
dispositions on november 1, 2015, we completed the sale of our global oil merchanting unit of the commodities division to castleton commodities international llc. the loss on sale of approximately $71 million was recognized in other revenues.
on july 1, 2014, we completed the sale of our ownership stake in transmontaigne inc., a u.s.-based oil storage, marketing and transportation company, as well as related physical inventory and the assumption of our obligations under certain terminal storage contracts, to ngl energy partners lp. the gain on sale of $112 million was recognized in other revenues.
on march 27, 2014, we completed the sale of canterm canadian terminals inc., a public storage terminal operator for refined products with two distribution terminals in canada. the gain on sale was approximately $45 million and was recognized in other revenues.
other items japanese securities joint venture we hold a 40% voting interest and mitsubishi ufj financial group, inc. (“mufg”) holds a 60% voting interest in mumss.
to the extent that losses incurred by mumss result in a requirement to restore its capital level, mufg is solely responsible for providing this additional capital to a minimum level, whereas we are not obligated to contribute additional capital to mumss. to the extent that mumss is required to increase its capital level due to factors other than losses, such as changes in regulatory requirements, both mufg and we are required to contribute the necessary capital based upon the economic interest as set forth above.
see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information.
noncontrolling interests noncontrolling interests primarily relate to mufg’s interest in morgan stanley mufg securities co., ltd.
45      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis wealth management income statement information
% change
$ in millions                                            20161              2015               2014                   2016                2015
revenues investment banking                                                   $484               $623               $791               (22)%               (21)%
trading                                                               861                731                957                 18%               (24)%
investments                                                             —                 18                  9                 n/m                100%
commissions and fees                                                1,745              1,981              2,127               (12)%                (7)%
asset management, distribution and administration fees              8,454              8,536              8,345                (1)%                  2%
other                                                                 277                255                320                  9%               (20)%
total non-interest                                                 11,821             12,144             12,549                (3)%                (3)%
revenues interest income                                                     3,888              3,105              2,516                 25%                 23%
interest expense                                                      359                149                177                141%               (16)%
net interest                                                        3,529              2,956              2,339                 19%                 26%
net revenues                                                       15,350             15,100             14,888                  2%                  1%
compensation and benefits                                           8,666              8,595              8,825                  1%                (3)%
non-compensation                                                    3,247              3,173              3,078                  2%                  3%
expenses total non-interest                                                 11,913             11,768             11,903                  1%                (1)%
expenses income from continuing operations before income taxes               3,437              3,332              2,985                  3%                 12%
provision for (benefit from) income taxes                           1,333              1,247               (207   )              7%                 n/m net income applicable to morgan stanley                            $2,104             $2,085             $3,192                  1%               (35)%
n/m—not meaningful
1.                                                                    effective july 1, 2016, the institutional securities and wealth management business segments entered into an agreement, whereby institutional securities assumed management of wealth management’s fixed income client-driven trading activities and employees. institutional securities now pays fees to wealth management based on distribution activity
(collectively, the “fixed income integration”). prior periods have not been recast for this new intersegment agreement due to immateriality.

statistical data financial information and statistical data
$ in billions                                    at                at december 31,      december 31,
2016              2015
client assets                                $2,103            $1,985
fee-based client assets1                       $877              $795
fee-based client assets as a                    42%               40%
percentage of total client assets client                                          $73               $64
liabilities2
bank deposit program                           $153              $149
investment securities portfolio               $63.9             $57.9
loans and lending commitments                 $68.7             $55.3
wealth management representatives            15,763            15,889
retail locations                                601               608
2016          2015          2014
revenues per representative
(dollars in                               $968          $950          $914
thousands)3
client assets per representative
(dollars in                               $133          $125          $126
millions)4
fee-based asset flows5
(dollars in billions)                    $48.5         $46.3         $58.8
1.   fee-based client assets represent the amount of assets in client accounts where the basis of payment for services is a fee calculated on those assets.

2.   client liabilities include securities-based and tailored lending, residential real estate loans and margin lending.

3.   revenues per representative equal wealth management’s net revenues divided by the average representative headcount.

4.   client assets per representative equal total period-end client assets divided by period-end representative headcount.

5.                                                    fee-based asset flows include net new fee-based assets, net account transfers, dividends, interest and client fees and exclude institutional cash management-related activity.

transactional revenues
% change
$ in millions          2016              2015              2014              2016                2015
investment banking                $484              $623              $791           (22)%               (21   )%
trading                            861               731               957             18%               (24   )%
commissions and fees             1,745             1,981             2,127           (12)%                (7   )%
total                           $3,090            $3,335            $3,875            (7)%               (14   )%

management’s discussion and analysis
2016 compared with 2015
net revenues transactional revenues transactional revenues of $3,090 million in 2016 decreased 7% from the prior year, primarily reflecting lower revenues related to commissions and fees and investment banking revenues, partially offset by higher trading revenues.
•   investment banking revenues decreased in 2016, primarily due to lower revenues from the distribution of unit investment trusts, equity and structured products.

•   trading revenues increased in 2016, primarily due to gains related to investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans compared with losses in 2015.

•                        commissions and fees decreased in 2016 reflecting lower daily average commissions, primarily due to reduced client activity in equity, annuity and mutual fund products. this decrease was partially offset by increased fees due to the fixed income integration.

asset management asset management, distribution and administration fees of $8,454 million in 2016 decreased 1% from the prior year, primarily due to the decrease in mutual fund fees. revenues from fee-based accounts were relatively flat with decreased client fee rates, partially offset by positive flows. see “fee-based client assets activity and average fee rate by account type” herein for more details.
net interest net interest of $3,529 million in 2016 increased 19% from the prior year, primarily due to higher loan balances and investment portfolio yields.
other other revenues of $277 million in 2016 increased 9% from the prior year due to the combination of higher referral fees in 2016 and a decrease in provision for loan losses in 2016.
non-interest expenses non-interest expenses of $11,913 million in 2016 increased 1% from the prior year.
•   compensation and benefits expenses increased in 2016, primarily due to an increase in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments.

•   non-compensation expenses increased in 2016, primarily as a result of a $70 million provision related to certain brokerage service reporting activities. see “other items” herein.

2015 compared with 2014
net revenues transactional revenues transactional revenues of $3,335 million in 2015 decreased 14% from the prior year due to lower revenues in each of trading, investment banking, and commissions and fees.
•   investment banking revenues decreased, primarily due to lower revenues from the distribution of underwritten offerings.

•   trading revenues decreased, primarily due to losses related to investments associated with certain employee deferred compensation plans and lower revenues from fixed income products.

•   commissions and fees decreased, primarily due to lower revenues from equity, mutual fund and annuity products, partially offset by higher revenues from alternative asset classes.

asset management asset management, distribution and administration fees of $8,536 million in 2015 increased 2% from the prior year, primarily due to higher fee-based revenues that resulted from positive flows and higher average market values over 2015 as compared with the average market values during 2014. the increase in fee-based revenues was partially offset by lower referral fees from the bank deposit program, reflecting the completion of the transfer of deposits from citigroup inc. (“citi”) to us in connection with the former retail securities joint venture between the firm and citi. see “fee-based client assets activity and average fee rate by account type” herein for more details.
net interest net interest of $2,956 million in 2015 increased 26% from the prior year, primarily due to higher balances in the bank deposit program and growth in loans and lending commitments.
other other revenues of $255 million in 2015 decreased 20% from the prior year, primarily due to a $40 million gain on sale of a retail property space in the prior year and an increase in the provision for loan losses in 2015.
47      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis non-interest expenses non-interest expenses of $11,768 million in 2015 decreased 1% from the prior year, primarily due to lower compensation and benefit expenses, partially offset by higher non-compensation expenses.
•                                                                compensation and benefits expenses decreased, primarily due to the 2014 compensation actions, a decrease in the fair value of deferred compensation plan referenced investments and a decrease in the level of discretionary incentive compensation in 2015 (see also “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein).

•                                                                                         non-compensation expenses increased, primarily due to an increase in professional services, resulting from increased consulting and legal fees, partially offset by a provision related to a rescission offer in the prior year. other expenses in 2014 included $50 million related to a rescission offer to wealth management clients who may not have received a prospectus for certain securities transactions, for which delivery of a prospectus was required.

income tax items in 2014, we recognized in provision for (benefit from) income taxes net discrete tax benefits of $1,390 million due to the release of a deferred tax liability as a result of an internal restructuring to simplify our legal entity organization. for a further discussion of these net discrete tax benefits, see “supplemental financial information and disclosures—income tax matters” herein.
other items the firm has identified operational issues that resulted in the reporting of incorrect cost basis tax information to the internal revenue service (“irs”) and retail brokerage clients for tax years 2011 through 2016. most of our clients are not impacted by these issues. however, these issues have affected a significant number of client accounts. in the case of clients for whom the firm has determined that there have been tax underpayments to the irs as a result of these issues, the firm is in advanced discussions with the irs to resolve client tax underpayments to the irs caused by these issues at no expense to our clients. in the case of clients for whom the firm has determined that there have been tax overpayments to the irs as a result of these issues, the firm plans to notify them and to offer to pay them an amount equivalent to their overpayment to the irs. the $70 million provision referred to above is based on currently available information and analyses, and our review of these issues is continuing.
fee-based client assets activity and average fee rate by account type wealth management earns fees based on a contractual percentage of fee-based client assets related to certain account types that we offer. these fees, which we record in the asset management, distribution and administration fees line on its income statement, are earned based on the client assets in the specific account types in which the client participates and are generally not driven by asset class. for most account types, fees are billed in the first month of each quarter based on the related client assets as of the end of the prior quarter. across the account types, fees will vary based on both the distinct services provided within each account type and on the level of household assets under supervision in wealth management.
$ in billions, fee rate in bps                     at       inflows   outflows             market                at       average for the december 31,                                      impact      december 31,            year ended
2015                                                          2016     december 31, 2016
fee rate separately managed accounts1                     $283           $33   $(97          )          $3              $222                    27
unified managed accounts                          105           107           (17   )           9               204                   105
mutual fund advisory                               25             2            (6   )           —                21                   121
representative as advisor                         115            31           (26   )           5               125                    88
representative as portfolio manager               252            63           (41   )          11               285                   101
subtotal                                         $780          $236   $(187         )         $28              $857                    74
cash management                                    15            14            (9   )           —                20                     6
total fee-based client                           $795          $250   $(196         )         $28              $877                    72

management’s discussion and analysis
$ in billions, fee rate in bps                     at       inflows   outflows          market                       at       average for the december 31,                                   impact             december 31,            year ended
2014                                                              2015     december 31, 2015
fee rate separately managed accounts1                     $285           $42   $(32          )   $(12        )              $283                    34
unified managed accounts                           93            29           (14   )         (3    )               105                   113
mutual fund advisory                               31             3            (6   )         (3    )                25                   121
representative as advisor                         119            29           (25   )         (8    )               115                    89
representative as portfolio manager               241            58           (38   )         (9    )               252                   104
subtotal                                         $769          $161   $(115         )   $(35        )              $780                    76
cash management                                    16             9           (10   )         —                      15                     6
total fee-based client                           $785          $170   $(125         )   $(35        )              $795                    74
assets
$ in billions, fee rate in bps                     at       inflows   outflows             market                at       average for the december 31,                                      impact      december 31,            year ended
2013                                                          2014     december 31, 2014
fee rate separately managed accounts1                     $260           $41   $(31          )         $15              $285                    35
unified managed accounts                           78            24           (11   )           2                93                   116
mutual fund advisory                               34             5            (8   )           —                31                   121
representative as advisor                         111            30           (23   )           1               119                    90
representative as portfolio manager               201            60           (28   )           8               241                   106
subtotal                                         $684          $160   $(101         )         $26              $769                    77
cash management                                    13            12            (9   )           —                16                     6
total fee-based client                           $697          $172   $(110         )         $26              $785                    75
assets bps—basis points
1.   includes non-custody account values reflecting prior quarter-end balances due to a lag in the reporting of asset values by third-party custodians.

•   inflows—include new accounts, account transfers, deposits, dividends and interest.

•   outflows—include closed or terminated accounts, account transfers, withdrawals and client fees.

•   market impact—includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments.

•                      separately managed accounts—accounts by which third-party asset managers are engaged to manage clients’ assets with investment decisions made by the asset manager. one third-party asset manager strategy can be held per account.

•                                                                          unified managed accounts—accounts that provide the client with the ability to combine separately managed accounts, mutual funds and exchange traded funds all in one aggregate account. unified managed accounts can be client-directed, financial advisor-directed or directed by us (with “directed” referring to the investment direction or decision/discretion/power of attorney).

•   mutual fund advisory—accounts that give the client the ability to systematically allocate assets across a wide range of mutual funds. investment decisions are made by the client.

•         representative as advisor—accounts where the investment decisions must be approved by the client and the financial advisor must obtain approval each time a change is made to the account or its investments.

•                           representative as portfolio manager—accounts where a financial advisor has discretion
(contractually approved by the client) to make ongoing investment decisions without the client’s approval for each individual change.

•                                                                           cash management—accounts where the financial advisor provides discretionary cash management services to institutional clients, whereby securities or proceeds are invested and reinvested in accordance with the client’s investment criteria. generally, the portfolio will be invested in short- term fixed income and cash equivalent investments.

49      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis investment management income statement information
% change
$ in millions                                              2016                 2015                 2014                 2016                 2015
revenues investment banking                                                     $—                   $1                   $5                  n/m               (80)%
trading                                                                (2   )               (1   )              (19   )           (100)%                 95%
investments                                                            13                  249                  587                (95)%               (58)%
commissions and fees                                                    3                    1                    —                 200%                 n/m asset management, distribution and administration fees              2,063                2,049                2,049                   1%                   —
other                                                                  31                   32                  106                 (3)%               (70)%
total non-interest revenues                                         2,108                2,331                2,728                (10)%               (15)%
interest income                                                         5                    2                    2                 150%                   —
interest expense                                                        1                   18                   18                (94)%                   —
net interest                                                            4                  (16   )              (16   )              n/m                   —
net revenues                                                        2,112                2,315                2,712                 (9)%               (15)%
compensation and benefits                                             937                  954                1,213                 (2)%               (21)%
non-compensation expenses                                             888                  869                  835                   2%                  4%
total non-interest expenses                                         1,825                1,823                2,048                    —               (11)%
income from continuing operations before income taxes                 287                  492                  664                (42)%               (26)%
provision for income taxes                                             75                  128                  207                (41)%               (38)%
income from continuing operations                                     212                  364                  457                (42)%               (20)%
income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes                2                    1                    5                 100%               (80)%
net income                                                            214                  365                  462                (41)%               (21)%
net income (loss) applicable to noncontrolling interests              (11   )               19                   91                  n/m               (79)%
net income applicable to morgan stanley                              $225                 $346                 $371                (35)%                (7)%
n/m—not meaningful
2016 compared with 2015
net revenues investments
•                                    investments gains of $13 million in 2016 decreased 95% from the prior year reflecting weaker investment performance compared with the prior year. this was partially offset by carried interest losses in 2015 associated with asia private equity that did not re-occur in 2016.

asset management, distribution and administration fees
•                                                                        asset management, distribution and administration fees of $2,063 million in 2016 were relatively unchanged from the prior year, as increases in management fees resulting from higher assets under management or supervision (“aum”) and average fee rates in certain products were offset by lower performance fees (see “aum and average fee rate by asset class” herein).

non-interest expenses non-interest expenses of $1,825 million in 2016 were relatively unchanged from the prior year, primarily due to higher non-compensation expenses offset by lower compensation and benefits expenses.
•   compensation and benefits expenses decreased, primarily due to a decrease in salaries.

•               non-compensation expenses increased, primarily due to higher brokerage clearing and exchange fees, partially offset by lower litigation costs and expense management.

2015 compared with 2014
net revenues investments
•               investments gains of $249 million in 2015 decreased 58% from the prior year reflecting the reversal of previously accrued carried interest associated with asia private equity and additional net markdowns on principal investments.

asset management, distribution and administration fees
•                                        asset management, distribution and administration fees were unchanged from the prior year as the impact of positive net flows was offset by a shift in the asset class mix from equity and fixed income products to liquidity products (see “aum and average fee rate by asset class” herein).

other
•   other revenues of $32 million in 2015 decreased 70% from the prior year due to lower revenues associated with our minority investment in certain third-party investment managers.

non-interest expenses non-interest expenses of $1,823 million in 2015 decreased 11% from the prior year, primarily due to lower compensation and benefit expenses, partially offset by higher non-compensation expenses.
•                                                              compensation and benefits expenses decreased, primarily due to the 2014 compensation actions, a decrease in deferred compensation associated with carried interest and a decrease in the level of incentive compensation in 2015 (see also “supplemental financial information and disclosures—discretionary incentive compensation” herein).

•                                               non-compensation expenses increased, primarily due to higher brokerage clearing and exchange fees, and professional services resulting from higher consulting and legal fees and information processing and communications expenses.

management’s discussion and analysis assets under management or supervision effective in 2016, the presentation of aum for investment management has been revised to better align asset classes with its present organizational structure. all prior period information has been recast in the new format.
aum and average fee rate by asset class
$ in billions, fee rate in bps                              at       inflows             outflows                  distributions            market   foreign                        at               average for the december 31,                                                                              impact   currency             december 31,                    year ended
2015                                                                                       impact                       2016             december 31, 2016
total                     fee aum                       rate equity                                                     $83           $19             $(24            )         $—                           $1   $—                            $79       $81                  72
fixed income                                                60            25                    (26      )                  —                    2          (1     )                60        61                  32
liquidity                                                  149         1,325                    (1,310   )                  —                    —          (1     )               163       151                  18
alternative / other products                               114            27                    (27      )                  (3       )           4          —                      115       115                  75
total assets under management or supervision              $406        $1,396             $(1,387         )         $(3               )          $7   $(2           )              $417      $408                  47
shares of minority stake assets                              8                                                                                                                       8         8
$ in billions, fee rate in bps                              at       inflows1             outflows                  distributions         market          foreign                        at                           average for the december 31,                                                                            impact          currency             december 31,              year ended december 31, 2015
2014                                                                                            impact                       2015
total                     fee aum                       rate equity                                                     $99            $15             $(30            )         $—                    $—              $(1           )               $83           $93                          69
fixed income                                                65             21                    (23      )                  —                  (1    )          (2     )                60            63                          32
liquidity                                                  128          1,259                    (1,238   )                  —                  —                —                      149           136                          10
alternative / other products                               111             28                    (18      )                  (6       )         —                (1     )               114           113                          79
total assets under management or supervision              $403         $1,323             $(1,309         )         $(6               )   $(1         )   $(4           )              $406          $405                          46
shares of minority stake assets                              7                                                                                                                            8             7
$ in billions, fee rate in bps                              at     inflows             outflows                distributions            market       foreign                              at                         average for december 31,                                                                          impact       currency impact            december 31,                                 the
2013                                                                                                                          2014             year ended december 31,
2014
total                   fee aum                     rate equity                                                    $106         $16             $(24          )         $(1               )          $3       $(1                 )               $99        $102                      67
fixed income                                                60          26                    (20    )                  —                    1                 (2        )                65          63                      32
liquidity                                                  112         963                    (945   )                  —                   (2   )             —                         128         119                       8
alternative / other products                                99          31                    (20    )                  (2       )           4                 (1        )               111         110                      81
total assets under management or supervision              $377      $1,036             $(1,009       )         $(3               )          $6       $(4                 )              $403        $394                      47
shares of minority stake assets                              6                                                                                                                             7           7
bps—basis points
1.   includes $4.6 billion related to the transfer of certain equity portfolio managers and their portfolios from the wealth management business segment to the investment management business segment.

•                                                            inflows—represent investments or commitments from new and existing clients in new or existing investment products, including reinvestments of client dividends and increases in invested capital. excludes the impact of exchanges occurring, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.

•                                                    outflows—represent redemptions from clients’ funds, transition of funds from the committed capital period to the invested capital period and decreases in invested capital. excludes the impact of exchanges occurring, whereby a client changes positions within the same asset class.

51      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis
•             distributions—represent decreases in invested capital due to returns of capital after the investment period of a fund. it also includes fund dividends for which the client has not elected to reinvest.

•   market impact—includes realized and unrealized gains and losses on portfolio investments. this excludes any funds where market impact does not impact management fees.

•   foreign currency impact—reflects foreign currency changes for non-u.s. dollar denominated funds.

•                                    average fee rate—based on asset management and administration fees, net of waivers. it excludes performance-based fees and other non-management fees. for certain non-u.s. funds, it includes the portion of advisory fees that the advisor collects on behalf of third-party distributors. the payment of those fees to the distributor is included in non-compensation expenses in the consolidated income statements.

•   alternative / other products—asset class includes products in fund of funds, real estate, private equity and credit strategies as well as multi-asset portfolios.

•   shares of minority stake assets—represent the investment management business segment’s proportional share of assets managed by entities in which it owns a minority stake.

supplemental financial information and disclosures legal we incurred legal expenses of $263 million in 2016, $563 million in 2015 and $3,364 million in 2014. legal expenses are included in other expenses in the consolidated income statements.
legal expenses incurred in 2015 were primarily related to increases in reserves for the settlement of a credit default swap antitrust litigation matter and for legacy residential mortgage-backed securities matters. the legal expenses incurred in 2014 were principally due to reserve additions and settlements related to legacy residential mortgage-backed securities and credit crisis related matters, including our $2,600 million agreement with the united states department of justice, civil division, which was reached on february 25, 2015 and finalized on february 10, 2016 (see “contingencies—legal” in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8).
u.s. bank subsidiaries we provide loans to a variety of customers, from large corporate and institutional clients to high net worth individuals, primarily through our u.s. bank subsidiaries, morgan stanley bank, n.a. (“msbna”) and morgan stanley private bank, national association (“mspbna”) (collectively, “u.s. bank subsidiaries”). the lending activities in the institutional securities business segment primarily include loans or lending commitments to corporate clients. the lending activities in the wealth management business segment primarily include securities-based lending that allows clients to borrow money against the value of qualifying securities and also include residential real estate loans. we expect our lending activities to continue to grow through further market penetration of the wealth management business segment’s client base. for a further discussion of our credit risks, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—credit risk” in item 7a. for further discussion about loans and lending commitments, see notes 7 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
u.s. bank subsidiaries’ supplemental financial information excluding transactions with the parent company
$ in billions                                                                   at                                  at december 31,                        december 31,
2016                                2015
u.s. bank subsidiaries assets                                               $180.7                              $174.2
u.s. bank subsidiaries investment securities portfolio1                       63.9                                57.9
wealth management u.s. bank subsidiaries data securities-based lending and other loans2                                    $36.0                               $28.6
residential real estate loans                                                 24.4                                20.9
total                                                                        $60.4                               $49.5
institutional securities u.s. bank subsidiaries data corporate loans                                                              $20.3                               $22.9
wholesale real estate loans                                                    9.9                                 8.9
total                                                                        $30.2                               $31.8
1.                                                 the u.s. bank subsidiaries investment securities portfolio includes afs investment securities of $50.3 billion at december 31, 2016 and $53.0 billion at december 31, 2015. the remaining balance represents held to maturity investment securities of $13.6 billion at december 31, 2016 and $4.9 billion at december 31, 2015.

2.   other loans primarily include tailored lending.

income tax matters effective tax rate
2016              2015              2014
from continuing operations          30.8   %          25.9   %           (2.5   )%

management’s discussion and analysis
2016
included in the effective tax rate for 2016 were net discrete tax benefits of $68 million, primarily related to the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of a multi-year tax authority examination, partially offset by adjustments for other tax matters. excluding these net discrete tax benefits, the effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2016 would have been 31.6%, which is generally reflective of the geographic mix of earnings.
2015
included in the effective tax rate for 2015 were net discrete tax benefits of $564 million, primarily associated with the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated due to an internal restructuring to simplify the legal entity organization in the u.k. excluding these net discrete tax benefits, the effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2015 would have been 32.5%.
2014
included in the effective tax rate for 2014 were net discrete tax benefits of $2,226 million. these net discrete tax benefits consisted of: $1,380 million primarily due to the release of a deferred tax liability, previously established as part of the acquisition of smith barney in 2009 through a charge to additional paid-in capital, as a result of the legal entity restructuring that included a change in tax status of morgan stanley smith barney holdings llc from a partnership to a corporation; $609 million principally associated with the remeasurement of reserves and related interest due to new information regarding the status of a multi-year tax authority examination; and $237 million primarily associated with the repatriation of non-u.s. earnings at a cost lower than originally estimated. excluding these net discrete tax benefits, the effective tax rate from continuing operations for 2014 would have been 59.5%, which is primarily attributable to approximately $900 million of tax provision from non-deductible expenses for litigation and regulatory matters.
discretionary incentive compensation on december 1, 2014, the compensation, management development and succession committee (“cmds committee”) of our board of directors (the “board”) approved an approach for awards of discretionary incentive compensation for the 2014 performance year that were granted in 2015, which reduced the average deferral of such awards to an approximate baseline of 50%. additionally, the cmds committee approved the acceleration of vesting for certain outstanding deferred cash-based incentive compensation awards. the deferred cash-based incentive compensation awards subject to accelerated vesting will be distributed on their regularly scheduled future distribution dates and will continue to be subject to cancellation and clawback provisions. the following table presents the increase in compensation and benefits expense for the firm and each of the business segments as a result of these actions in 2014 (“2014 compensation actions”).
2014 compensation and benefits expense
$ in millions                                                             institutional          wealth      investment       total securities      management      management
2014 compensation and benefits expense before fourth quarter actions1            $6,882          $8,737          $1,068     $16,687
fourth quarter actions:
change in 2014 level of deferrals2                                                  610              66              80         756
acceleration of prior-year                                                          294              22              65         381
cash-based deferred awards3
fourth quarter actions total                                                       $904             $88            $145      $1,137
2014 compensation and benefits expense                                           $7,786          $8,825          $1,213     $17,824
1.                                                    amount represents compensation and benefits expense at pre-adjustment accrual levels (i.e., at an approximate average baseline 74% deferral rate and with no acceleration of cash-based award vesting that was utilized for the first three quarters of 2014).

2.   amounts reflect reduction in deferral level from an approximate average baseline of 74% to an approximate average baseline of 50%.

3.   amounts represent acceleration of vesting for certain cash-based awards.

accounting development updates the financial accounting standards board issued the following accounting updates that apply to us.
we consider the applicability and impact of all accounting updates. accounting updates not listed below were assessed and determined to be either not applicable or are not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
the following accounting update was adopted on january 1, 2017.
•                                                                                        improvements to employee share-based payment accounting. this accounting update simplifies the accounting for employee share-based payments, including the recognition of forfeitures, the classification of income tax consequences, and the classification within the cash flow statements. this guidance became effective for us as of january 1, 2017, and the transition impact was not significant. with this update, the income tax consequences for these payments are required to be recognized in provision for income taxes in the consolidated income statements instead of additional paid-in capital. the impact of the income tax consequences may be either a benefit or a provision, and will primarily occur in the first quarter of each year as share-based awards to employees are

53      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis converted to morgan stanley shares. the impact of recognizing excess tax benefits upon conversion of awards in january 2017 was an approximate $110 million benefit to the provision for income taxes.

the following accounting updates are currently being evaluated to determine the potential impact of adoption:
•                                                                                         revenue from contracts with customers. this accounting update aims to clarify the principles of revenue recognition, to develop a common revenue recognition standard across all industries for u.s. gaap and international financial reporting standards, and to provide enhanced disclosures for users of the financial statements.
the core principle of this guidance is that an entity should recognize revenues to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. we will adopt the guidance on january 1, 2018 and are currently evaluating the method of adoption.

we expect this accounting update to potentially change the timing and presentation of certain revenues, as well as the timing and presentation of certain related costs, for investment banking fees and asset management, distribution and administration fees. outside of investment management performance fees in the form of carried interest, discussed further in the following paragraph, these changes are not expected to be significant.
regarding the recognition of performance fees from fund management activities in the form of carried interest that are subject to reversal, there are alternative views in the industry which include consideration as to whether these arrangements are in the scope of the new revenue guidance or are financial instruments under the scope of equity method of accounting. if we follow the equity method of accounting principles, the current recognition of such fees would remain essentially unchanged. if the fees are deemed in the scope of the new revenue guidance, we would defer recognition until such fees are no longer subject to reversal, which would cause a significant delay in the recognition of these fees as revenue. we are currently assessing the alternative accounting approaches and continue to closely monitor developments in this still-evolving area.
we will continue to assess the impact of the new rule as we progress through the implementation of the new standard; therefore, additional impacts may be identified prior to adoption.
•                                          financial instruments—credit losses. this accounting update impacts the impairment model for certain financial assets measured at amortized cost such as loans held for investment and htm securities. the amendments in this

update will accelerate the recognition of credit losses by replacing the incurred loss impairment methodology with a current expected credit loss (“cecl”) methodology that requires an estimate of expected credit losses over the entire life of the financial asset. additionally, although the cecl methodology will not apply to afs debt securities, the update will require establishment of an allowance to reflect impairment of these securities, thereby eliminating the concept of a permanent write-down. this update is effective as of january 1, 2020.

•                                                                                         leases. this accounting update requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet all leases with terms exceeding one year, which results in the recognition of a right of use asset and corresponding lease liability, including for those leases that we currently classify as operating leases. the right of use asset and lease liability will initially be measured using the present value of the remaining rental payments. the accounting for leases where we are the lessor is largely unchanged. this update is effective as of january 1, 2019.

•                                                                                       gains and losses from the derecognition of nonfinancial assets. this accounting update clarifies the guidance on how to account for the derecognition of nonfinancial assets and in substance nonfinancial assets and also provides guidance on the accounting for partial sales of nonfinancial assets. this update is effective as of january 1, 2018.

critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions (see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8). we believe that of our significant accounting policies (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8), the following policies involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity.
fair value financial instruments measured at fair value a significant number of our financial instruments are carried at fair value. we make estimates regarding valuation of assets and liabilities measured at fair value in preparing the consolidated financial statements. these assets and liabilities include, but are not limited to:
•   trading assets and trading liabilities;

•   investment securities—afs securities;

•   certain securities purchased under agreements to resell;

•   certain deposits, primarily structured certificates of deposits;

management’s discussion and analysis
•   certain short-term borrowings, primarily structured notes;

•   certain securities sold under agreements to repurchase;

•   certain other secured financings; and

•   certain long-term borrowings, primarily structured notes.

fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (i.e., the exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.
in determining fair value, we use various valuation approaches. a hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable prices and inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable prices and inputs by requiring that the relevant observable inputs be used when available. the hierarchy is broken down into three levels, wherein level 1 represents quoted prices in active markets, level 2 represents valuations based on quoted prices in markets that are not active or for which all significant inputs are observable, and level 3 consists of valuation techniques that incorporate significant unobservable inputs and, therefore, require the greatest use of judgment. in periods of market disruption, the observability of prices and inputs may be reduced for many instruments. this condition could cause an instrument to be recategorized from level 1 to level 2 or from level 2 to level 3. in addition, a downturn in market conditions could lead to declines in the valuation of many instruments. for further information on the valuation process, fair value definition, level 1, level 2, level 3 and related valuation techniques, and quantitative information about and sensitivity of significant unobservable inputs used in level 3 fair value measurements, see notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
where appropriate, valuation adjustments are made to account for various factors such as liquidity risk (bid-ask adjustments), credit quality, model uncertainty and concentration risk in order to arrive at fair value. for a further discussion of valuation adjustments that we apply, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, certain of our assets and liabilities were measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, primarily relating to loans, other investments, premises, equipment and software costs, intangible assets, other assets and other liabilities, and accrued expenses. we incur losses or gains for any adjustments of these assets to fair value. a downturn in market conditions could result in impairment charges in future periods.
for assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, fair value is determined by using various valuation approaches. the same hierarchy as described above, which maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by generally requiring that the observable inputs be used when available, is used in measuring fair value for these items.
see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information on assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis.
fair value control processes we employ control processes designed to validate the fair value of our financial instruments, including those derived from pricing models. these control processes are designed to ensure that the values used for financial reporting are based on observable inputs wherever possible. in the event that observable inputs are not available, the control processes are designed to ensure that the valuation approach utilized is appropriate and consistently applied and that the assumptions are reasonable.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information regarding our valuation policies, processes and procedures.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill we test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis on july 1 and on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. we test for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is generally at the level of or one level below its business segments. goodwill no longer retains its association with a particular acquisition once it has been assigned to a reporting unit. as such, all the activities of a reporting unit, whether acquired or organically developed, are available to support the value of the goodwill. for both the annual and interim tests, we have the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
if after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, then performing the two-step impairment test is not required. however, if we conclude otherwise, then we are required to perform the first step of the two-step impairment test. goodwill impairment is determined by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with its respective carrying value. if the estimated fair value exceeds the carrying value,
55      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis goodwill at the reporting unit level is not deemed to be impaired. if the estimated fair value is below carrying value, however, further analysis is required to determine the amount of the impairment.
the estimated fair value of the reporting units is derived based on valuation techniques we believe market participants would use for each of the reporting units. the estimated fair value is generally determined by utilizing a discounted cash flow methodology or methodologies that incorporate price-to-book and price-to-earnings multiples of certain comparable companies. at each annual goodwill impairment testing date, each of our reporting units with goodwill had a fair value that was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
intangible assets amortizable intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful life and are reviewed for impairment on an interim basis when certain events or circumstances exist. an impairment exists when the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value. an impairment loss will be recognized only if the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. the carrying amount of the intangible asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows.
for both goodwill and intangible assets, to the extent an impairment loss is recognized, the loss establishes the new cost basis of the asset. subsequent reversal of impairment losses is not permitted. for amortizable intangible assets, the new cost basis is amortized over the remaining useful life of that asset. adverse market or economic events could result in impairment charges in future periods.
see notes 2, 3 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information about goodwill and intangible assets.
legal and regulatory contingencies in the normal course of business, we have been named, from time to time, as a defendant in various legal actions, including arbitrations, class actions and other litigation, arising in connection with our activities as a global diversified financial services institution.
certain of the actual or threatened legal actions include claims for substantial compensatory and/or punitive damages or claims for indeterminate amounts of damages. in some cases, the entities that would otherwise be the primary defendants in such cases are bankrupt or in financial distress.
we are also involved, from time to time, in other reviews, investigations and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business and involving, among other matters, sales and trading activities, wealth and investment management services, financial products or offerings sponsored, underwritten or sold by us, and accounting and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions or other relief.
accruals for litigation and regulatory proceedings are generally determined on a case-by-case basis. where available information indicates that it is probable a liability had been incurred at the date of the consolidated financial statements and we can reasonably estimate the amount of that loss, we accrue the estimated loss by a charge to income. in many proceedings, however, it is inherently difficult to determine whether any loss is probable or even possible or to estimate the amount of any loss.
for certain legal proceedings and investigations, we can estimate possible losses, additional losses, ranges of loss or ranges of additional loss in excess of amounts accrued. for certain other legal proceedings and investigations, we cannot reasonably estimate such losses, particularly for proceedings and investigations where the factual record is being developed or contested or where plaintiffs or government entities seek substantial or indeterminate damages, restitution, disgorgement or penalties. numerous issues may need to be resolved before a loss or additional loss or range of loss or additional range of loss can be reasonably estimated for a proceeding or investigation, including through potentially lengthy discovery and determination of important factual matters, determination of issues related to class certification and the calculation of damages or other relief, and addressing novel or unsettled legal questions relevant to the proceedings or investigations in question.
significant judgment is required in deciding when and if to make these accruals, and the actual cost of a legal claim or regulatory fine/penalty may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals.
see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on legal proceedings.

management’s discussion and analysis tax jurisdictions. disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. we periodically evaluate the likelihood of assessments in each taxing jurisdiction resulting from current and subsequent years’ examinations, and unrecognized tax benefits related to potential losses that may arise from tax audits are established in accordance with the guidance on accounting for unrecognized tax benefits. once established, unrecognized tax benefits are adjusted when there is more information available or when an event occurs requiring a change.
our provision for income taxes is composed of current and deferred taxes. current income taxes approximate taxes to be paid or refunded for the current period. our deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the applicable enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. our deferred tax balances also include deferred assets related to tax attribute carryforwards, such as net operating losses and tax credits that will be realized through reduction of future tax liabilities and, in some cases, are subject to expiration if not utilized within certain periods. we perform regular reviews to ascertain whether deferred tax assets are realizable. these reviews include management’s estimates and assumptions regarding future taxable income and incorporate various tax planning strategies, including strategies that may be available to tax attribute carryforwards before they expire. once the deferred tax asset balances have been determined, we may record a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset balances to reflect the amount of these balances (net of valuation allowance) that we estimate it is more likely than not to realize at a future date. both current and deferred income taxes could reflect adjustments related to our unrecognized tax benefits.
significant judgment is required in estimating the consolidated provision for (benefit from) income taxes, current and deferred tax balances (including valuation allowance, if any), accrued interest or penalties and uncertain tax positions. revisions in estimates and/or the actual costs of a tax assessment may ultimately be materially different from the recorded accruals and unrecognized tax benefits, if any.
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on our significant assumptions, judgments and interpretations associated with the accounting for income taxes and note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for additional information on our tax examinations.
57      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources senior management establishes liquidity and capital policies. through various risk and control committees, senior management reviews business performance relative to these policies, monitors the availability of alternative sources of financing, and oversees the liquidity, interest rate and currency sensitivity of our asset and liability position. the treasury department, firm risk committee, asset and liability management committee, and other committees and control groups assist in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our consolidated balance sheets, liquidity and capital structure. liquidity and capital matters are reported regularly to the board and the board’s risk committee.
the balance sheet we monitor and evaluate the composition and size of our balance sheet on a regular basis. our balance sheet management process includes quarterly planning, business-specific thresholds, monitoring of business-specific usage versus key performance metrics and new business impact assessments.
we establish balance sheet thresholds at the consolidated, business segment and business unit levels. we monitor balance sheet utilization and review variances resulting from business activity or market fluctuations. on a regular basis, we review current performance versus established thresholds and assess the need to re-allocate our balance sheet based on business unit needs. we also monitor key metrics, including asset and liability size and capital usage.
total assets by business segment at december 31, 2016
$ in millions                                     institutional                      wealth              investment           total securities                     management              management assets cash and cash                                     $25,291                           $18,022                     $68           $43,381
equivalents1
trading assets at fair value                               259,680                       64                   2,410                  262,154
investment securities                                       16,222                   63,870                       —                   80,092
securities purchased under agreements to resell             96,735                    5,220                       —                  101,955
securities borrowed                                        124,840                      396                       —                  125,236
customer and other receivables                              26,624                   19,268                     568                   46,460
loans, net of allowance                                     33,816                   60,427                       5                   94,248
other                                                       45,941                   13,868                   1,614                   61,423
assets2
total assets                                      $629,149                         $181,135                  $4,665           $814,949
at december 31, 2015
$ in millions                                     institutional                      wealth              investment           total securities                     management              management assets cash and cash                                     $22,356                           $31,216                    $511           $54,083
equivalents1
trading assets at fair value                               236,174                      883                   2,448                  239,505
investment securities                                       14,124                   57,858                       1                   71,983
securities purchased under agreements to resell             83,205                    4,452                       —                   87,657
securities borrowed                                        141,971                      445                       —                  142,416
customer and other receivables                              23,390                   21,406                     611                   45,407
loans, net of allowance                                     36,237                   49,522                       —                   85,759
other                                                       45,257                   13,926                   1,472                   60,655
assets2
total assets                                      $602,714                         $179,708                  $5,043           $787,465
1.   cash and cash equivalents include cash and due from banks and interest bearing deposits with banks.

2.                 other assets primarily includes cash deposited with clearing organizations or segregated under federal and other regulations or requirements; other investments; premises, equipment and software costs; goodwill; intangible assets and deferred tax assets.

a substantial portion of total assets consists of liquid marketable securities and short-term receivables arising principally from sales and trading activities in the institutional securities business segment. total assets increased to $815 billion at december 31, 2016 from $787 billion at december 31, 2015, primarily due to increases in trading assets within institutional securities, including increases in highly liquid u.s. government and agency securities and corporate equities. these increases were partially offset by a reduction in securities borrowed driven by a decrease in trading liabilities. cash and cash equivalent balances resulting from bank deposits continued to be redeployed into investment securities and lending activity primarily within the wealth management business segment.
securities repurchase agreements and securities lending securities borrowed or securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities loaned or securities sold under agreements to repurchase are treated as collateralized financings (see notes 2 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8).
collateralized financing transactions
$ in millions                                                                 at                at december 31,      december 31,
2016              2015
securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities          $227,191          $230,073
borrowed securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities            $70,472           $56,050

management’s discussion and analysis daily average balance three months ended
$ in millions                                                    december 31,                  december 31,
2016                          2015
securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities   $224,355                      $250,605
borrowed securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities    $68,908                       $62,373
loaned at december 31, 2016, differences between period end balances and average balances during the three months ended december 31, 2016 in the previous table were not significant. securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities borrowed and securities sold under agreements to repurchase and securities loaned at december 31, 2015 were lower than the average balances during 2015. the balances moved in line with client financing activity and with general movements in trading assets and liabilities. additionally, included within securities financing transactions were $14 billion and $11 billion at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively, related to fully collateralized securities-for-securities lending transactions represented in trading assets.
customer securities financing the customer receivable portion of the securities financing transactions primarily includes customer margin loans, collateralized by customer-owned securities, which are segregated in accordance with regulatory requirements. the customer payable portion of the securities financing transactions primarily includes payables to our prime brokerage customers. our risk exposure on these transactions is mitigated by collateral maintenance policies that limit our credit exposure to customers and liquidity reserves held against this risk exposure.
liquidity risk management framework the primary goal of our liquidity risk management framework is to ensure that we have access to adequate funding across a wide range of market conditions and time horizons. the framework is designed to enable us to fulfill our financial obligations and support the execution of our business strategies.
the following principles guide our liquidity risk management framework:
•   sufficient liquid assets should be maintained to cover maturing liabilities and other planned and contingent outflows;

•   maturity profile of assets and liabilities should be aligned, with limited reliance on short-term funding;

•   source, counterparty, currency, region and term of funding should be diversified; and

•   liquidity stress tests should anticipate, and account for, periods of limited access to funding.

the core components of our liquidity risk management framework are the required liquidity framework, liquidity stress tests and the global liquidity reserve (as defined below), which support our target liquidity profile.
required liquidity framework our required liquidity framework reflects the amount of liquidity we must hold in both normal and stressed environments to ensure that our financial condition and overall soundness are not adversely affected by an inability (or perceived inability) to meet our financial obligations in a timely manner. the required liquidity framework considers the most constraining liquidity requirement to satisfy all regulatory and internal limits at a consolidated and legal entity level.
liquidity stress tests we use liquidity stress tests to model external and intercompany liquidity flows across multiple scenarios and a range of time horizons. these scenarios contain various combinations of idiosyncratic and systemic stress events of different severity and duration. the methodology, implementation, production and analysis of our liquidity stress tests are important components of the required liquidity framework.
the scenarios or assumptions used by us in our liquidity stress tests include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   no government support;

•   no access to equity and unsecured debt markets;

•   repayment of all unsecured debt maturing within the stress horizon;

•   higher haircuts for and significantly lower availability of secured funding;

•   additional collateral that would be required by trading counterparties, certain exchanges and clearing organizations related to credit rating downgrades;

•   additional collateral that would be required due to collateral substitutions, collateral disputes and uncalled collateral;

•   discretionary unsecured debt buybacks;

•   drawdowns on lending commitments provided to third parties;

59      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis
•   client cash withdrawals and reduction in customer short positions that fund long positions;

•   limited access to the foreign exchange swap markets; and

•   maturity roll-off of outstanding letters of credit with no further issuance.

liquidity stress tests are produced for the parent company and major operating subsidiaries, as well as at major currency levels, to capture specific cash requirements and cash availability across the firm, including a limited number of asset sales in a stressed environment. the liquidity stress tests assume that subsidiaries will use their own liquidity first to fund their obligations before drawing liquidity from the parent company and that the parent company will support its subsidiaries and will not have access to subsidiaries’ liquidity reserves. in addition to the assumptions underpinning the liquidity stress tests, we take into consideration settlement risk related to intraday settlement and clearing of securities and financing activities.
at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, we maintained sufficient liquidity to meet current and contingent funding obligations as modeled in our liquidity stress tests.
global liquidity reserve we maintain sufficient liquidity reserves to cover daily funding needs and to meet strategic liquidity targets sized by the required liquidity framework and liquidity stress tests. the size of the global liquidity reserve is actively managed by us considering the following components: unsecured debt maturity profile; balance sheet size and composition; funding needs in a stressed environment, inclusive of contingent cash outflows; legal entity, regional and segment liquidity requirements; regulatory requirements; and collateral requirements. in addition, our global liquidity reserve includes a discretionary surplus based on risk tolerance and is subject to change dependent on market and firm-specific events. the global liquidity reserve is held within the parent company and its major operating subsidiaries.
global liquidity reserve by type of investment
$ in millions                                                    at                at december 31,      december 31,
2016              2015
cash deposits with banks                                     $8,679           $10,187
cash deposits with central banks                             30,568            39,774
unencumbered highly liquid securities:
u.s. government obligations                                  78,615            72,265
u.s. agency and agency mortgage-backed securities            46,360            37,678
non-u.s. sovereign                                           30,884            28,999
obligations1
other investment grade securities                             7,191            14,361
global liquidity reserve                                   $202,297          $203,264
1.   non-u.s. sovereign obligations are primarily composed of unencumbered german, french, dutch, u.k. and japanese government obligations.

global liquidity reserve managed by bank and non-bank legal entities daily average balance three months ended
$ in millions                             at                 at   december 31,                     december 31, december 31,       december 31,   2016                             2015
2016               2015
bank legal entities domestic                             $74,411            $88,432   $72,553                          $84,356
foreign                                4,238              5,896              5,041                            5,752
total bank legal entities             78,649             94,328             77,594                           90,108
non-bank legal entities domestic:
parent company                        66,514             54,810             65,657                           53,298
non-parent company                    18,801             20,001             19,255                           17,168
total domestic                        85,315             74,811             84,912                           70,466
foreign                               38,333             34,125             37,131                           35,013
total non-bank legal                 123,648            108,936            122,043                          105,479
entities total                               $202,297           $203,264   $199,637                         $195,587
regulatory liquidity framework liquidity coverage ratio the basel committee on banking supervision’s (“basel committee”) liquidity coverage ratio (“lcr”) standard is designed to ensure that banking organizations have sufficient high-quality liquid assets to cover net cash outflows arising from significant stress over 30 calendar days. the standard’s objective is to promote the short-term resilience of the liquidity risk profile of banking organizations.
we and our u.s. bank subsidiaries are subject to the lcr requirements issued by u.s. banking regulators (“u.s. lcr”), which are based on the basel committee’s lcr, including a requirement to calculate each entity’s u.s. lcr on each business day. as of january 1, 2017, we and our u.s. bank subsidiaries are required to maintain a minimum of 100% of the fully phased-in u.s. lcr. in addition, effective april 1, 2017, we will be required to disclose certain quantitative and qualitative information related to our u.s. lcr calculation after each calendar quarter. we and our u.s. bank subsidiaries are compliant with the minimum required u.s. lcr based on current interpretations.
net stable funding ratio the objective of the net stable funding ratio (“nsfr”) is to reduce funding risk over a one-year horizon by requiring banking organizations to fund their activities with sufficiently stable sources of funding in order to mitigate the risk of future funding stress.

management’s discussion and analysis the basel committee finalized the nsfr framework in 2014. in may 2016, the u.s. banking regulators issued a proposal to implement the nsfr in the u.s. the proposal would require a covered company to maintain an amount of available stable funding, which is measured with reference to sources of funding, including deposit and debt liabilities, that is no less than the amount of its required stable funding, which is measured by applying standardized weightings to its assets, derivatives exposures and certain other items.
if adopted as proposed, the requirements would apply to us and our u.s. bank subsidiaries beginning january 1, 2018. we continue to evaluate the potential impact of the proposal, which is subject to further rulemaking procedures following the closing of the public comment period. our preliminary estimates, based on the current proposal, indicate that actions will be necessary to meet the requirement, which we expect to accomplish by the effective date of the final rule. our preliminary estimates are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results based on the final rule to differ materially from estimates. for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, see “risk factors” in part i, item 1a.
funding management we manage our funding in a manner that reduces the risk of disruption to our operations. we pursue a strategy of diversification of secured and unsecured funding sources (by product, investor and region) and attempt to ensure that the tenor of our liabilities equals or exceeds the expected holding period of the assets being financed.
we fund our balance sheet on a global basis through diverse sources. these sources may include our equity capital, long-term borrowings, securities sold under agreements to repurchase (“repurchase agreements”), securities lending, deposits, letters of credit and lines of credit. we have active financing programs for both standard and structured products targeting global investors and currencies.
secured financing a substantial portion of our total assets consist of liquid marketable securities and short-term receivables arising principally from sales and trading activities in the institutional securities business. the liquid nature of these assets provides us with flexibility in managing the composition and size of our balance sheet. our goal is to achieve an optimal mix of durable secured and unsecured financing. secured financing investors principally focus on the quality of the eligible collateral posted. accordingly, we actively manage the secured financing book based on the quality of the assets being funded.
we utilize shorter-term secured financing only for highly liquid assets and have established longer tenor limits for less liquid asset classes, for which funding may be at risk in the event of a market disruption. we define highly liquid assets as government-issued or government-guaranteed securities with a high degree of fundability and less liquid assets as those that do not meet these criteria. at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, the weighted average maturity of our secured financing of less liquid assets was greater than 120 days. to further minimize the refinancing risk of secured financing for less liquid assets, we have established concentration limits to diversify our investor base and reduce the amount of monthly maturities for secured financing of less liquid assets. furthermore, we obtain term secured funding liabilities in excess of less liquid inventory as an additional risk mitigant to replace maturing trades in the event that secured financing markets, or our ability to access them, become limited. as a component of the liquidity risk management framework, we hold a portion of our global liquidity reserve against the potential disruption to our secured financing capabilities.
we also maintain a pool of liquid and easily fundable securities, which provide a valuable future source of liquidity. with the implementation of liquidity standards, we have also incorporated high-quality liquid asset classifications that are consistent with the u.s. lcr definitions into our encumbrance reporting, which further substantiates the demonstrated liquidity characteristics of the unencumbered asset pool and our ability to readily identify new funding sources for such assets.
unsecured financing we view long-term debt and deposits as stable sources of funding. unencumbered securities and non-security assets are financed with a combination of long-term and short-term debt and deposits. our unsecured financings include structured borrowings, whose payments and redemption values are based on the performance of certain underlying assets, including equity, credit, foreign exchange, interest rates and commodities. when appropriate, we may use derivative products to conduct asset and liability management and to make adjustments to our interest rate and structured borrowings risk profile (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8).
deposits available funding sources to our u.s. bank subsidiaries include demand deposit accounts, money market deposit accounts, time deposits, repurchase agreements, federal funds purchased and federal home loan bank advances. the vast majority of deposits in our u.s. bank subsidiaries are
61      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis sourced from our retail brokerage accounts and are considered to have stable, low-cost funding characteristics. at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, deposits were $155,863 million and $156,034 million, respectively (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8).
short-term borrowings our unsecured short-term borrowings may primarily consist of structured notes, bank loans and bank notes with original maturities of 12 months or less. at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, we had approximately $941 million and $2,173 million, respectively, in short-term borrowings.
long-term borrowings we believe that accessing debt investors through multiple distribution channels helps provide consistent access to the unsecured markets. in addition, the issuance of long-term borrowings allows us to reduce reliance on short-term credit sensitive instruments. long-term borrowings are generally managed to achieve staggered maturities, thereby mitigating refinancing risk, and to maximize investor diversification through sales to global institutional and retail clients across regions, currencies and product types. availability and cost of financing to us can vary depending on market conditions, the volume of certain trading and lending activities, our credit ratings and the overall availability of credit.
we may engage in various transactions in the credit markets (including, for example, debt retirements) that we believe are in our investors’ best interests.
long-term borrowings by maturity profile
$ in millions          parent      subsidiaries           total company due in 2017           $21,489            $4,638         $26,127
due in 2018            17,640             1,652          19,292
due in 2019            21,389             1,008          22,397
due in 2020            15,698             1,038          16,736
due in 2021            15,658             1,521          17,179
thereafter             58,461             4,583          63,044
total                $150,335           $14,440        $164,775
subsequent to december 31, 2016 and through february 21, 2017, long-term borrowings increased by approximately $7.1 billion, net of maturities. this amount includes the issuances of senior debt; $7.0 billion on january 20, 2017 and $3.0 billion on february 17, 2017.
trust preferred securities during 2016, morgan stanley capital trust iii, morgan stanley capital trust iv, morgan stanley capital trust v and morgan stanley capital trust viii redeemed all of their issued and outstanding capital securities pursuant to the optional redemption provisions provided in the respective governing documents. in the aggregate, $2.8 billion was redeemed. we concurrently redeemed the related underlying junior subordinated debentures.
for further information on long-term borrowings, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
credit ratings we rely on external sources to finance a significant portion of our day-to-day operations. the cost and availability of financing generally are impacted by our credit ratings, among other things. in addition, our credit ratings can have an impact on certain trading revenues, particularly in those businesses where longer-term counterparty performance is a key consideration, such as otc derivative transactions, including credit derivatives and interest rate swaps. rating agencies consider company-specific factors; other industry factors such as regulatory or legislative changes and the macroeconomic environment, among other things.
our credit ratings do not include any uplift from perceived government support from any rating agency given the significant progress of the u.s. financial reform legislation and regulations. meanwhile, some rating agencies have stated that they currently incorporate various degrees of credit rating uplift from non-governmental third-party sources of potential support.
parent company and msbna’s senior unsecured ratings at february 21, 2017
parent company short-term          long-term        rating debt                debt             outlook dbrs, inc.                                r-1 (middle)        a(high)          stable fitch ratings, inc.                       f1                  a                stable moody’s investors service, inc.           p-2                 a3               stable rating and investment information, inc.   a-1                 a-               stable standard &amp; poor’s global ratings      a-2                 bbb+             stable morgan stanley bank, n.a.
short-term           long-term           rating debt                 debt                outlook fitch ratings, inc.                     f1                   a+                  stable moody’s investors service, inc.         p-1                  a1                  stable standard &amp; poor’s global ratings1   a-1                  a+                  stable
1.                               on december 16, 2016, standard &amp; poor’s global ratings upgraded the long-term rating of msbna by one notch to a+ from a following the release of the final total loss-absorbing capacity (”tlac”) rule. the rating outlook was changed to stable from positive watch.

management’s discussion and analysis additional collateral or immediately settle any outstanding liability balances with certain counterparties or pledge additional collateral to certain exchanges and clearing organizations in the event of a future credit rating downgrade irrespective of whether we are in a net asset or net liability position.
the additional collateral or termination payments that may be called in the event of a future credit rating downgrade vary by contract and can be based on ratings by either or both of moody’s investors service, inc. (“moody’s”) and standard & poor’s global ratings (“s&p”). the following table shows the future potential collateral amounts and termination payments that could be called or required by counterparties or exchanges and clearing organizations in the event of one-notch or two-notch downgrade scenarios, from the lowest of moody’s or s&p ratings, based on the relevant contractual downgrade triggers.
incremental collateral or terminating payments upon potential future rating downgrade
$ in millions     at december 31,   at december 31,
2016   2015
one-notch                  $1,292   $1,169
downgrade two-notch                     875               1,465
downgrade while certain aspects of a credit rating downgrade are quantifiable pursuant to contractual provisions, the impact it would have on our business and results of operations in future periods is inherently uncertain and would depend on a number of interrelated factors, including, among others, the magnitude of the downgrade, the rating relative to peers, the rating assigned by the relevant agency pre-downgrade, individual client behavior and future mitigating actions we might take. the liquidity impact of additional collateral requirements is included in our liquidity stress tests.
capital management we view capital as an important source of financial strength and actively manage our consolidated capital position based upon, among other things, business opportunities, risks, capital availability and rates of return together with internal capital policies, regulatory requirements and rating agency guidelines and, therefore, in the future may expand or contract our capital base to address the changing needs of our businesses. we attempt to maintain total capital, on a consolidated basis, at least equal to the sum of our operating subsidiaries’ required equity.
common stock we repurchased approximately $3,500 million of our outstanding common stock as part of our share repurchase program during 2016 and $2,125 million during 2015 (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8). pursuant to the share repurchase program, we consider, among other things, business segment capital needs, as well as stock-based compensation and benefit plan requirements. share repurchases under our program will be exercised from time to time at prices we deem appropriate subject to various factors, including our capital position and market conditions. the share repurchases may be effected through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through rule 10b5-1 plans, and may be suspended at any time. share repurchases by us are subject to regulatory approval (see “market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities” in part ii, item 5).
the board determines the declaration and payment of dividends on a quarterly basis. on january 17, 2017, we announced that the board declared a quarterly dividend per common share of $0.20. the dividend was paid on february 15, 2017 to common shareholders of record on january 31, 2017.
preferred stock on december 15, 2016, we announced that the board declared quarterly dividends for preferred stock shareholders of record on december 30, 2016 that were paid on january 17, 2017.
series k preferred stock. in january 2017, we issued 40,000,000 depositary shares, for an aggregate price of $1,000 million. each depositary share represents a 1/1,000th interest in a share of fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock, series k, $0.01 par value (“series k preferred stock”). the series k preferred stock is redeemable at our option, (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after april 15, 2027 or (ii) in whole but not in part at any time within 90 days following a regulatory capital treatment event (as described in the terms of that series), in each case at a redemption price of $25,000 per share (equivalent to $25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. the series k preferred stock also has a preference over our common stock upon liquidation. the series k preferred stock offering (net of related issuance costs) resulted in proceeds of approximately $969 million.
63      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis preferred stock dividends series   preferred stock description                                                                                                                              quarterly dividend per share a        floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock (represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock       $255.56
and each having a dividend of $0.25556)
c        10% non-cumulative non-voting perpetual preferred stock                                                                                                      25.00
e        fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock (represented by                                                                                       445.31
depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock and each having a dividend of $0.44531)
f        fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock (represented by                                                                                       429.69
depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock and each having a dividend of $0.42969)
g        6.625% non-cumulative preferred stock (represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock and           414.06
each having a dividend of $0.41406)
h        fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock (represented by                                                                                       681.25
depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock and each having a dividend of $27.25000)1
i        fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock (represented by                                                                                       398.44
depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of preferred stock and each having a dividend of $0.39844)
j        fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative preferred stock (represented by                                                                                       693.75
depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest in a share of preferred stock and each having a dividend of $27.75000)2
1.   dividend on series h preferred stock is payable semiannually until july 15, 2019 and quarterly thereafter.

2.   dividend on series j preferred stock is payable semiannually until july 15, 2020 and quarterly thereafter.

tangible equity monthly average balance twelve months ended
$ in millions                                               at december 31,         at december 31,          december 31,                  december 31,
2016                    2015                  2016                          2015
common equity                                                       $68,530                 $67,662               $68,870                       $66,936
preferred equity                                                      7,520                   7,520                 7,520                         7,174
morgan stanley shareholders’ equity                                  76,050                  75,182                76,390                        74,110
junior subordinated debentures issued to capital trusts                   —                   2,870                 1,753                         3,640
less: goodwill and net intangible assets                             (9,296   )              (9,564   )            (9,410     )                  (9,661   )
tangible morgan stanley shareholders’ equity1                       $66,754                 $68,488               $68,733                       $68,089
common equity                                                       $68,530                 $67,662               $68,870                       $66,936
less: goodwill and net intangible assets                             (9,296   )              (9,564   )            (9,410     )                  (9,661   )
tangible common equity1                                             $59,234                 $58,098               $59,460                       $57,275
1.                    tangible morgan stanley shareholders’ equity and tangible common equity are non-gaap financial measures that we and investors consider to be a useful measure to assess capital adequacy.

regulatory requirements regulatory capital framework we are a financial holding company under the bank holding company act of 1956, as amended (the “bhc act”), and are subject to the regulation and oversight of the board of governors of the federal reserve system (the “federal reserve”). the federal reserve establishes capital requirements for us, including well-capitalized standards, and evaluates our compliance with such capital requirements. the office of the comptroller of the currency (“occ”) establishes similar capital requirements and standards for our u.s. bank subsidiaries. the regulatory capital requirements are largely based on the basel iii capital standards established by the basel committee and also implement certain provisions of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the “dodd-frank act”).
the basel committee has recently published revisions to certain standards in its capital framework, including with respect to counterparty credit risk exposures in derivatives transactions, market risk, interest rate risk in the banking book, and securitization capital standards, although these revisions have not yet been adopted by the u.s. banking agencies. in addition, the basel committee is actively considering other potential revisions to other capital standards that would substantially change the framework. the impact on us of any revisions to the basel committee’s capital standards could be substantial but is uncertain and depends on future rulemakings by the u.s. banking agencies.

management’s discussion and analysis regulatory capital requirements we are required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage capital ratios under the regulatory capital requirements. a summary of the calculations of regulatory capital, risk-weighted assets (“rwas”) and transition provisions follows.
regulatory capital. minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements apply to common equity tier 1 capital, tier 1 capital and total capital. certain adjustments to and deductions from capital are required for purposes of determining these ratios, such as goodwill, intangibles, certain deferred tax assets, other amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (“aoci”) and investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions. certain of these adjustments and deductions are also subject to transitional provisions.
in addition to the minimum risk-based capital ratio requirements, on a fully phased-in basis by 2019, we will be subject to:
•   a greater than 2.5% common equity tier 1 capital conservation buffer;

•   the common equity tier 1 global systemically important bank
(“g-sib”) capital surcharge, currently at 3%; and

•   up to a 2.5% common equity tier 1 countercyclical capital buffer (“ccyb”), currently set by banking regulators at zero (collectively, the “buffers”).

in 2017, the phase-in amount for each of the buffers is 50% of the fully phased-in buffer requirement. failure to maintain the buffers would result in restrictions on our ability to make capital distributions, including the payment of dividends and the repurchase of stock, and to pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers. for a further discussion of the g-sib capital surcharge, see “g-sib capital surcharge” herein.
risk-weighted assets. rwas reflect both our on- and off-balance sheet risk as well as capital charges attributable to the risk of loss arising from the following:
•   credit risk: the failure of a borrower, counterparty or issuer to meet its financial obligations to us;

•   market risk: adverse changes in the level of one or more market prices, rates, indices, implied volatilities, correlations or other market factors, such as market liquidity; and

•   operational risk: inadequate or failed processes or systems, human factors or from external events
(e.g., fraud, theft, legal and compliance risks, cyber attacks or damage to physical assets).

for a further discussion of our market, credit and operational risks, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk” in item 7a.
our binding risk-based capital ratios for regulatory purposes are the lower of the capital ratios computed under (i) the standardized approaches for calculating credit risk and market risk rwas (the “standardized approach”) and (ii) the applicable advanced approaches for calculating credit risk, market risk and operational risk rwas (the “advanced approach”). at december 31, 2016, our binding ratios are based on the advanced approach transitional rules.
the methods for calculating each of our risk-based capital ratios will change through january 1, 2022 as aspects of the capital rules are phased in. these changes may result in differences in our reported capital ratios from one reporting period to the next that are independent of changes to our capital base, asset composition, off-balance sheet exposures or risk profile.
65      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis minimum risk-based capital ratios: transitional provisions
1.                                                              these ratios assume the requirements for the g-sib capital surcharge (3.0%) and ccyb (zero) remain at current levels. see “total loss-absorbing capacity, long-term debt and clean holding company requirements” herein for additional capital requirements effective january 1, 2019.

management’s discussion and analysis transitional and fully phased-in regulatory capital ratios at december 31, 2016
transitional                                 pro forma fully phased-in
$ in millions                            standardized                   advanced               standardized                       advanced risk-based capital common equity tier 1 capital                  $60,398                    $60,398                    $58,616                        $58,616
tier 1 capital                                 68,097                     68,097                     66,315                         66,315
total capital                                  78,917                     78,642                     77,155                         76,881
total rwas                                    340,191                    358,141                    351,101                        369,709
common equity tier 1 capital ratio               17.8    %                  16.9   %                   16.7      %                    15.9   %
tier 1 capital ratio                             20.0    %                  19.0   %                   18.9      %                    17.9   %
total capital ratio                              23.2    %                  22.0   %                   22.0      %                    20.8   %
leverage-based capital adjusted average                             $811,402                        n/a                   $810,288                            n/a assets1
tier 1 leverage                                   8.4    %                   n/a                        8.2      %                     n/a ratio2
at december 31, 2015
transitional                                 pro forma fully phased-in
$ in millions                            standardized                   advanced               standardized                       advanced risk-based capital common equity tier 1 capital                  $59,409                    $59,409                    $55,441                        $55,441
tier 1 capital                                 66,722                     66,722                     63,000                         63,000
total capital                                  79,663                     79,403                     73,858                         73,598
total rwas                                    362,920                    384,162                    373,421                        395,277
common equity tier 1 capital ratio               16.4    %                  15.5   %                   14.8      %                    14.0   %
tier 1 capital ratio                             18.4    %                  17.4   %                   16.9      %                    15.9   %
total capital ratio                              22.0    %                  20.7   %                   19.8      %                    18.6   %
leverage-based capital adjusted average                             $803,574                        n/a                   $801,346                            n/a assets1
tier 1 leverage                                   8.3    %                   n/a                        7.9      %                     n/a ratio2
n/a—not applicable
1.                                            adjusted average assets represent the denominator of the tier 1 leverage ratio and are composed of the average daily balance of consolidated on-balance sheet assets under u.s. gaap during the calendar quarter ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 adjusted for disallowed goodwill, transitional intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, certain investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions and other adjustments.

2.   the minimum tier 1 leverage ratio requirement is 4.0%.

the fully phased-in pro forma estimates in the previous tables are based on our current understanding of the capital rules and other factors, which may be subject to change as we receive additional clarification and implementation guidance from the federal reserve and as the interpretation of the regulations evolves over time. these fully phased-in pro forma estimates are non-gaap financial measures that we consider to be useful measures for us, investors and analysts in evaluating compliance with new regulatory capital requirements that were not yet effective at december 31, 2016. these preliminary estimates are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially and should not be taken as a projection of what our capital, capital ratios, rwas, earnings or other results will actually be at future dates. for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, see “risk factors” in part i, item 1a.
well-capitalized minimum regulatory capital ratios for u.s. bank subsidiaries at december 31, 2016
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                      6.5%
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio                                    8.0%
total risk-based capital ratio                                    10.0%
tier 1 leverage ratio                                              5.0%
for us to remain a financial holding company, our u.s. bank subsidiaries must qualify as well-capitalized by maintaining the minimum ratio requirements set forth in the previous table. the federal reserve has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for financial holding companies to reflect the higher capital standards required for us under the capital rules. assuming that the federal reserve would apply the same or very similar well-capitalized standards to financial holding companies, each of our risk-based capital ratios and tier 1 leverage ratio at december 31, 2016 would have exceeded the revised well-capitalized standard. the federal reserve may require us to maintain risk- and leverage-based capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a financial holding company’s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans.
67      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis regulatory capital calculated under advanced approach transitional rules
$ in millions                                                                    at                        at december 31,         december 31, 2015
2016
common equity tier 1 capital common stock and surplus                                                    $17,494                   $20,114
retained earnings                                                            53,679                    49,204
aoci                                                                         (2,643   )                (1,656   )
regulatory adjustments and deductions:
net goodwill                                                                 (6,526   )                (6,582   )
net intangible assets (other than goodwill and mortgage servicing            (1,631   )                (1,192   )
assets)
credit spread premium over risk-free rate for derivative                       (271   )                  (202   )
liabilities net deferred tax assets                                                        (304   )                  (675   )
net after-tax dva1                                                              357                       156
adjustments related to aoci                                                     422                       411
other adjustments and deductions                                               (179   )                  (169   )
total common equity tier 1                                                  $60,398                   $59,409
capital additional tier 1 capital preferred stock                                                              $7,520                    $7,520
trust preferred securities                                                        —                       702
noncontrolling interests                                                        613                       678
regulatory adjustments and deductions:
net deferred tax assets                                                        (202   )                (1,012   )
credit spread premium over risk-free rate for derivative                       (181   )                  (303   )
liabilities net after-tax dva1                                                              238                       233
other adjustments and deductions                                               (101   )                  (253   )
additional tier 1 capital                                                    $7,887                    $7,565
deduction for investments in covered funds                                     (188   )                  (252   )
total tier 1 capital                                                        $68,097                   $66,722
tier 2 capital subordinated debt                                                           $10,303                   $10,404
trust preferred securities                                                        —                     2,106
other qualifying amounts                                                         62                        35
regulatory adjustments and deductions                                           180                       136
total tier 2 capital                                                        $10,545                   $12,681
total capital                                                               $78,642                   $79,403
rollforward of regulatory capital calculated under advanced approach transitional rules
$ in millions                                                       2016
common equity tier 1 capital common equity tier 1 capital at december 31, 2015                            $59,409
change related to the following items:
value of shareholders’ common equity                                             868
net goodwill                                                                      56
net intangible assets (other than goodwill and mortgage servicing               (439   )
assets)
credit spread premium over risk-free rate for derivative                         (69   )
liabilities net deferred tax assets                                                          371
net after-tax dva1                                                               201
adjustments related to aoci                                                       11
other deductions and adjustments                                                 (10   )
common equity tier 1 capital at december 31,                                 $60,398
2016
additional tier 1 capital additional tier 1 capital at december 31, 2015                                $7,565
change related to the following items:
trust preferred securities                                                      (702   )
noncontrolling interests                                                         (65   )
net deferred tax assets                                                          810
credit spread premium over risk-free rate for derivative                         122
liabilities net after-tax dva1                                                                 5
other adjustments and deductions                                                 152
additional tier 1 capital at december 31, 2016                                 7,887
deduction for investments in covered funds at december 31,                      (252   )
2015
deduction for investments in covered funds                                        64
deduction for investments in covered funds at december 31,                      (188   )
2016
tier 1 capital at december 31, 2016                                          $68,097
tier 2 capital tier 2 capital at december 31, 2015                                          $12,681
change related to the following items:
subordinated debt                                                               (101   )
trust preferred securities                                                    (2,106   )
noncontrolling interests                                                          27
other adjustments and deductions                                                  44
tier 2 capital at december 31, 2016                                          $10,545
total capital at december 31, 2016                                           $78,642
1.                                  in connection with the early adoption of a provision of the accounting update recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, related to dva, the aggregate balance of net after-tax valuation adjustments was reduced by $77 million as of january 1, 2016.

management’s discussion and analysis rollforward of rwas calculated under advanced approach transitional rules
$ in millions                            20161
credit risk rwas balance at december 31, 2015                       $173,586
change related to the following items:
derivatives                                            (446   )
securities financing transactions                       745
other counterparty credit risk                           45
securitizations                                      (1,997   )
credit valuation adjustment                           1,023
investment securities                                 1,183
loans                                                (1,792   )
cash                                                    757
equity investments                                   (2,908   )
other credit                                           (965   )
risk2
total change in credit risk rwas                    $(4,355   )
balance at december 31, 2016                       $169,231
market risk rwas balance at december 31, 2015                        $71,476
change related to the following items:
regulatory var                                       (2,094   )
regulatory stressed var                              (1,286   )
incremental risk charge                                 292
comprehensive risk measure                           (2,763   )
specific risk:
non-securitizations                                    (654   )
securitizations                                      (4,099   )
total change in market risk rwas                   $(10,604   )
balance at december 31, 2016                        $60,872
operational risk rwas balance at december 31, 2015                       $139,100
change in operational risk rwas3                    (11,062   )
balance at december 31, 2016                       $128,038
total rwas                                         $358,141
var—value-at-risk
1.   the rwas for each category in the table reflect both on- and off-balance sheet exposures, where appropriate.

2.   amount reflects assets not in a defined category, non-material portfolios of exposures and unsettled transactions.

3.   amount reflects a reduction in the internal loss data related to litigation utilized in the operational risk capital model.

supplementary leverage ratio we and our u.s. bank subsidiaries are required to publicly disclose our supplementary leverage ratios, which will become effective as a capital standard on january 1, 2018. by january 1, 2018, we must also maintain a tier 1 supplementary leverage capital buffer of at least 2% in addition to the 3% minimum supplementary leverage ratio (for a total of at least 5%), in order to avoid limitations on capital distributions, including dividends and stock repurchases, and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers. in addition, beginning in 2018, our u.s. bank subsidiaries must maintain a supplementary leverage ratio of 6% to be considered well-capitalized.
pro forma supplementary leverage exposure and ratio on a transitional basis
$ in millions                                 at december 31,     at december 31,
2016                2015
average total                                        $820,536            $813,715
assets1
adjustments2,                                         242,113             284,090
3
pro forma supplementary leverage exposure          $1,062,649          $1,097,805
pro forma supplementary leverage ratio                   6.4%                6.1%
1.   computed as the average daily balance of consolidated total assets under u.s. gaap during the calendar quarter ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.

2.   computed as the arithmetic mean of the month-end balances over the calendar quarter ended december 31, 2016 and 2015.

3.                                                                        adjustments are to: (i) incorporate derivative exposures, including adding the related potential future exposure
(including for derivatives cleared for clients), grossing up cash collateral netting where qualifying criteria are not met and adding the effective notional principal amount of sold credit protection offset by qualifying purchased credit protection;
(ii) reflect the counterparty credit risk for repo-style transactions; (iii) add the credit equivalent amount for off-balance sheet exposures; and (iv) apply other adjustments to tier 1 capital, including disallowed goodwill, transitional intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets and certain investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions.

based on our current understanding of the rules and other factors, we estimate our pro forma fully phased-in supplementary leverage ratio to be approximately 6.2% at december 31, 2016 and 5.8% at december 31, 2015. these estimates utilize a fully phased-in tier 1 capital numerator and a fully phased-in denominator of approximately $1,061.5 billion at december 31, 2016 and $1,095.6 billion at december 31, 2015, which takes into consideration the tier 1 capital deductions that would be applicable in 2018 after the phase-in period has ended.
u.s. subsidiary banks’ pro forma supplementary leverage ratios on a transitional basis at december 31, 2016       at december 31, 2015
msbna                        7.7   %                      7.3%
mspbna                      10.2   %                     10.3%
the pro forma supplementary leverage exposures and pro forma supplementary leverage ratios, both on transitional and fully phased-in bases, are non-gaap financial measures that we consider to be useful measures for us, investors and analysts in evaluating prospective compliance with new regulatory capital requirements that have not yet become effective. our estimates are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from estimates based on these regulations. further, these expectations should not be taken as projections of what our supplementary leverage ratios, earnings, assets or exposures will actually be at future dates. for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may affect our future results, see “risk factors” in part i, item 1a.
69      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis g-sib capital surcharge we and other u.s. g-sibs are subject to a risk-based capital surcharge. a g-sib must calculate its g-sib capital surcharge under two methods and use the higher of the two surcharges. the first method considers the g-sib’s size, interconnectedness, cross-jurisdictional activity, substitutability and complexity, which is generally consistent with the methodology developed by the basel committee (“method 1”). the second method uses similar inputs, but replaces substitutability with the use of short-term wholesale funding (“method 2”) and generally results in higher surcharges than the first method. the g-sib capital surcharge must be satisfied using common equity tier 1 capital and functions as an extension of the capital conservation buffer. our current g-sib surcharge is 3%. the surcharge is being phased in between january 1, 2016 and january 1, 2019, and the phase-in amount for 2017 is 50% of the applicable surcharge (see “minimum risk-based capital ratios: transitional provisions” herein).
total loss-absorbing capacity, long-term debt and clean holding company requirements on december 15, 2016, the federal reserve adopted a final rule for top-tier bank holding companies of u.s. g-sibs (“covered bhcs”), including the parent company, that establishes external tlac, long-term debt (“ltd”) and clean holding company requirements. the final rule contains various definitions and restrictions, such as requiring eligible ltd to be issued by the covered bhc and be unsecured, have a maturity of one year or more from the date of issuance and not have certain derivative-linked features, typically associated with certain types of structured notes. covered bhcs must comply with all requirements under the rule by january 1, 2019, which we expect to accomplish.
the main purpose of the federal reserve’s minimum external tlac and ltd requirements is to ensure that covered bhcs, including the parent company, will have enough loss-absorbing resources at the point of failure to be recapitalized through the conversion of eligible ltd to equity or otherwise by imposing losses on eligible ltd or other forms of tlac where a single point of entry (“spoe”) resolution strategy is used (see “business—supervision and regulation—financial holding company—resolution and recovery planning” in part i, item 1 and “risk factors—legal, regulatory and compliance risk” in part i, item 1a).
under the final rule, a covered bhc is required to maintain minimum external tlac equal to the greater of 18% of total rwas and 7.5% of its total leverage exposure (the denominator of its supplementary leverage ratio). in addition, covered bhcs must meet a separate external ltd requirement equal to the greater of 6% of total rwas plus the greater of the method 1 and method 2 g-sib capital surcharge applicable to the parent company and 4.5% of its total leverage exposure.
in addition, the final rule imposes tlac buffer requirements on top of both the risk-based and leverage-exposure-based external tlac minimum requirements. the risk-based tlac buffer is equal to the sum of 2.5%, the covered bhc’s method 1 g-sib surcharge and the countercyclical capital buffer, if any, as a percentage of total rwas. the leverage-exposure-based tlac buffer is equal to 2% of the covered bhc’s total leverage exposure. failure to maintain the tlac buffers would result in restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments to executive officers.
the final rule provides permanent grandfathering for debt instruments issued prior to december 31, 2016 that would be eligible ltd but for having impermissible acceleration clauses or being governed by foreign law.
furthermore, under the clean holding company requirements of the final rule, a covered bhc is prohibited from incurring any external short-term debt or certain other liabilities, regardless of whether the liabilities are fully secured or otherwise senior to eligible ltd, or entering into certain other prohibited transactions. certain other external liabilities, including structured notes, are subject to a cap equal to 5% of the covered bhc’s outstanding external tlac amount.
capital plans and stress tests pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the federal reserve has adopted capital planning and stress test requirements for large bank holding companies, including us, which form part of the federal reserve’s annual comprehensive capital analysis and review (“ccar”) framework.
we must submit an annual capital plan to the federal reserve, taking into account the results of separate stress tests designed by us and the federal reserve, so that the federal reserve may assess our systems and processes that incorporate forward-looking projections of revenues and losses to monitor and maintain our internal capital adequacy.

management’s discussion and analysis addition, the federal reserve has issued guidance setting out its heightened expectations for capital planning practices at certain large financial institutions, including us.
in november 2015, the federal reserve amended its capital plan and stress test rules to delay until 2017 the use of the supplementary leverage ratio requirement, defer indefinitely the use of the advanced approach risk-based capital framework in capital planning and company-run stress tests, and incorporate the tier 1 capital deductions for certain investments in volcker rule covered funds into the pro forma minimum capital requirements for capital plan and stress testing purposes.
the capital plan rule requires that large bank holding companies receive no objection from the federal reserve before making a capital distribution. in addition, even with an approved capital plan, the bank holding company must seek the approval of the federal reserve before making a capital distribution if, among other reasons, the bank holding company would not meet its regulatory capital requirements after making the proposed capital distribution. a bank holding company’s ability to make capital distributions (other than scheduled payments on additional tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments) is also limited if its net capital issuances are less than the amount indicated in its capital plan.
in addition, we must conduct semiannual company-run stress tests and are subject to an annual dodd-frank act supervisory stress test conducted by the federal reserve.
on april 5, 2016, we submitted our 2016 ccar capital plan, and summary results of the ccar and dodd-frank act supervisory stress tests were published by the federal reserve in june. we exceeded all stressed capital ratio minimum requirements in the federal reserve severely adverse scenario, and our quantitative capital results improved from our prior-year submission. in june 2016, we received a conditional non-objection from the federal reserve to our 2016 capital plan (see “capital management” herein). on december 29, 2016, we resubmitted our capital plan, as required by the federal reserve, to address weaknesses identified in our capital planning process.
future capital distributions may be restricted if these identified weaknesses are not satisfactorily addressed when the federal reserve reviews our resubmitted capital plan. pursuant to the conditional non-objection, we are able to execute the capital actions set forth in our 2016 capital plan, which included increasing our common stock dividend to $0.20 per share beginning in the third quarter of 2016 and executing share repurchases of $3.5 billion during the period july 1, 2016 through june 30, 2017. in addition, we submitted the results of our mid-cycle company-run stress test to the federal reserve on october 5, 2016, and we disclosed a summary of the results on october 31, 2016.
for the 2017 capital planning and stress test cycle, we are required to submit our capital plan and company-run stress test results to the federal reserve by april 5, 2017. we expect that the federal reserve will provide its response to our 2017 capital plan by june 30, 2017. the federal reserve is expected to publish summary results of the ccar and dodd-frank act supervisory stress tests of each large bank holding company, including us, by june 30, 2017. we are required to disclose a summary of the results of our company-run stress tests within 15 days of the date the federal reserve discloses the results of the supervisory stress tests. in addition, we must submit the results of our mid-cycle company-run stress test to the federal reserve by october 5, 2017 and disclose a summary of the results between october 5, 2017 and november 4, 2017.
in january 2017, the federal reserve adopted revisions to the capital plan and stress test rules that, among other things, reduce the de minimis threshold for additional capital distributions that a firm may make during a capital plan cycle without seeking the federal reserve’s prior approval. the final rule also establishes a “blackout period” beginning in march of each year while the federal reserve is conducting ccar reviews during which firms are not permitted to submit de minimis exception notices or prior approval requests for additional capital distributions. the federal reserve is currently considering making further changes to ccar requirements, which may increase minimum capital requirements for the firm.
the dodd-frank act also requires each of our u.s. bank subsidiaries to conduct an annual stress test. msbna and mspbna submitted their 2016 annual company-run stress tests to the occ on april 5, 2016 and published a summary of their stress test results on june 23, 2016. for the 2017 stress test cycle, msbna and mspbna must submit their 2017 annual company-run stress tests to the occ by april 5, 2017 and publish the summary results between june 15, 2017 and july 15, 2017.
attribution of average common equity according to the required capital framework our required capital (“required capital”) estimation is based on the required capital framework, an internal capital adequacy measure. common equity attribution to the business segments is based on capital usage calculated by the required capital framework, as well as each business segment’s relative contribution to our total required capital. required capital is assessed for each business segment and further attributed to product lines. this process is intended to align capital with the
71      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis risks in each business segment in order to allow senior management to evaluate returns on a risk-adjusted basis.
the required capital framework is a risk-based and leverage use-of-capital measure, which is compared with our regulatory capital to ensure that we maintain an amount of going concern capital after absorbing potential losses from stress events, where applicable, at a point in time. we define the difference between our total average common equity and the sum of the average common equity amounts allocated to our business segments as parent company equity. we generally hold parent company equity for prospective regulatory requirements, organic growth, acquisitions and other capital needs.
effective january 1, 2016, the common equity estimation and attribution to the business segments are based on our pro forma fully phased-in regulatory capital, including supplementary leverage and stress losses (which results in more capital being attributed to the business segments), whereas prior periods were attributed based on transitional regulatory capital provisions. also, beginning in 2016, the amount of capital allocated to the business segments will be set at the beginning of each year and will remain fixed throughout the year until the next annual reset. differences between available and required capital will be attributed to parent company equity during the year. periods prior to 2016 have not been recast under this new methodology.
the required capital framework is expected to evolve over time in response to changes in the business and regulatory environment, for example, to incorporate stress testing or enhancements in modeling techniques. we will continue to evaluate the framework with respect to the impact of future regulatory requirements, as appropriate.
average common equity attribution
$ in billions              2016          20151         20141
institutional securities         $43.2         $34.6         $32.2
wealth management                 15.3          11.2          11.2
investment management              2.8           2.2           2.9
parent company                     7.6          18.9          19.0
total1                           $68.9         $66.9         $65.3
1.                      amounts are calculated on a monthly basis. average common equity is a non-gaap financial measure that we consider to be a useful measure for us, investors and analysts to assess capital adequacy.

regulatory developments resolution and recovery planning pursuant to the dodd-frank act, we are required to submit to the federal reserve and the federal deposit insurance corporation (“fdic”) an annual resolution plan that describes our strategy for a rapid and orderly resolution under the u.s. bankruptcy code in the event of our material financial distress or failure.
our preferred resolution strategy, which is set out in our 2015 resolution plan, is an spoe strategy. on september 30, 2016, we submitted a status report to the federal reserve and the fdic in respect of certain shortcomings identified in our 2015 resolution plan. pursuant to the status report, we indicated that the parent company will amend and restate its support agreement with its material subsidiaries that is designed to ensure that such subsidiaries have sufficient capital and liquidity as and when needed throughout a resolution scenario.
under the amended and restated support agreement, upon the occurrence of a resolution scenario, the parent company will be obligated to contribute or loan on a subordinated basis all of its material assets, other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company and certain intercompany receivables, to provide capital and liquidity, as applicable, to our material subsidiaries.
the obligations of the parent company under the amended and restated support agreement will be secured on a senior basis by the assets of the parent company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company). as a result, claims of our material subsidiaries against the assets of the parent company (other than shares in subsidiaries of the parent company) will be effectively senior to unsecured obligations of the parent company.
our next full resolution plan submission will be on july 1, 2017. if the federal reserve and the fdic were to jointly determine that our 2017 resolution plan is not credible or would not facilitate an orderly resolution, and if we were unable to address any deficiencies identified by the regulators, we or any of our subsidiaries may be subject to more stringent capital, leverage, or liquidity requirements or restrictions on our growth, activities or operations, or, after a two-year period, we may be required to divest assets or operations.
in september 2016, the occ issued final guidelines that establish enforceable standards for recovery planning by national banks and certain other institutions with total consolidated assets of $50 billion or more, calculated on a rolling four-quarter average basis, including msbna. the guidelines were effective on january 1, 2017, and msbna must be in compliance by january 1, 2018.

management’s discussion and analysis including us, and their subsidiaries are parties. in august 2016, the occ proposed a rule that would subject national banks that are subsidiaries of u.s. g-sibs, including our u.s. bank subsidiaries, as well as certain other institutions (collectively with u.s. g-sibs and their other subsidiaries, “covered entities”), to substantively identical requirements.
under the proposals, covered qfcs must expressly provide that transfer restrictions and default rights against a covered entity are limited to the same extent as provided under the federal deposit insurance act and title ii of the dodd-frank act and their implementing regulations. in addition, covered qfcs may not permit the exercise of cross-default rights against a covered entity based on an affiliate’s entry into insolvency, resolution or similar proceedings. if adopted as proposed, the requirements would take effect at the start of the first calendar quarter that begins at least one year after the final rules are issued. we continue to evaluate the potential impact of the proposals, which are subject to public comment and further rulemaking procedures.
for more information about resolution and recovery planning requirements and our activities in these areas, see “business—supervision and regulation—financial holding company—resolution and recovery planning” in part i, item 1.
legacy covered funds under the volcker rule the volcker rule prohibits “banking entities,” including us and our affiliates, from engaging in certain “proprietary trading” activities, as defined in the volcker rule, subject to exemptions for underwriting, market-making-related activities, risk-mitigating hedging and certain other activities. the volcker rule also prohibits certain investments and relationships by banking entities with “covered funds,” with a number of exemptions and exclusions.
banking entities were required to bring all of their activities and investments into conformance with the volcker rule by july 21, 2015, subject to certain extensions. the federal reserve has extended the conformance period until july 21, 2017 for investments in, and relationships with, covered funds that were in place before december 31, 2013, referred to as “legacy covered funds.” the volcker rule also permits the federal reserve to provide an additional transition period of up to five years for banking entities to conform investments in certain legacy covered funds that are also illiquid funds.
on december 12, 2016, the federal reserve issued a policy statement with information about how banking entities may seek this further statutory extension. additionally, the federal reserve stated that it expects the illiquid funds of banking entities to generally qualify for extensions, although they may not be granted if the banking entity has not demonstrated meaningful progress to conform or divest its illiquid funds, or has a deficient compliance program under the volcker rule, or if the federal reserve has concerns about evasion. we submitted our application for illiquid funds extension in january 2017, covering essentially all of our approximately $1.9 billion of non-conforming investments in, and relationships with, legacy covered funds subject to the volcker rule.
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements, including through unconsolidated special purpose entities (“spes”) and lending-related financial instruments (e.g., guarantees and commitments), primarily in connection with the institutional securities and investment management business segments.
we utilize spes primarily in connection with securitization activities. for information on our securitization activities, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.
for information on our commitments, obligations under certain guarantee arrangements and indemnities, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. for further information on our lending commitments, see “quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk—risk management—credit risk—lending activities” in item 7a.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments. contractual obligations include long-term borrowings, other secured financings, contractual interest payments, contractual payments on time deposits, operating leases and purchase obligations.
73      december 2016 form 10-k management’s discussion and analysis at december 31, 2016
payments due in:
$ in millions                    2017                         2018-2019              2020-2021               thereafter           total long-term                                $26,127                $41,689                $33,915                  $63,044           $164,775
borrowings1
other secured                              3,377                  5,551                    270                      206                   9,404
financings1
contractual interest payments2             4,654                  7,263                  4,954                   13,794                  30,665
time                                       1,210                     43                      8                       50                   1,311
deposits3
operating leases— premises4                  649                  1,176                    949                    2,958                   5,732
purchase                                     438                    485                    167                      208                   1,298
obligations5
total6                                   $36,455                $56,207                $40,263                  $80,260           $213,185
1.         for further information on long-term borrowings and other secured financings, see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8. amounts presented for other secured financings are financings with original maturities greater than one year.

2.   amounts represent estimated future contractual interest payments related to unsecured long-term borrowings based on applicable interest rates at december 31, 2016.

3.   amounts represent contractual principal and interest payments related to time deposits primarily held at our u.s. bank subsidiaries.

4.   for further information on operating leases covering premises and equipment, see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.

5.                                                              purchase obligations for goods and services include payments for, among other things, consulting, outsourcing, computer and telecommunications maintenance agreements, and certain transmission, transportation and storage contracts related to the commodities business. purchase obligations at december 31, 2016 reflect the minimum contractual obligation under legally enforceable contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. these amounts exclude obligations for goods and services that already have been incurred and are reflected on the consolidated balance sheets.

6.   amounts exclude unrecognized tax benefits, as the timing and amount of future cash payments are not determinable at this time (see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 for further information).

effects of inflation and changes in interest and foreign exchange rates to the extent that an increased inflation outlook results in rising interest rates or has negative impacts on the valuation of financial instruments that exceed the impact on the value of our liabilities, it may adversely affect our financial position and profitability. rising inflation may also result in increases in our non-interest expenses that may not be readily recoverable in higher prices of services offered. other changes in the interest rate environment and related volatility as well as expectations about the level of future interest rates could also impact our results of operations.
a significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, and changes in foreign exchange rates relative to the u.s. dollar, therefore, can affect the value of non-u.s. dollar net assets, revenues and expenses. potential exposures as a result of these fluctuations in currencies are closely monitored, and, where cost-justified, strategies are adopted that are designed to reduce the impact of these fluctuations on our financial performance. these strategies may include the financing of non-u.s. dollar assets with direct or swap-based borrowings in the same currency and the use of currency forward contracts or the spot market in various hedging transactions related to net assets, revenues, expenses or cash flows. for information about cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments, see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements in item 8.

