item 1a.   risk factors

you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. if any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. you should read the section titled "forward-looking statements" on page 1 for a description of the types of statements that are considered forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this annual report on form 10-k.
risks related to our business we are dependent on the use of third-party data and software, and any loss of key outside suppliers of data or software products or reduction in the accuracy or quality of such data or products or any failure by us to comply with our vendors' licensing requirements could impair our ability to provide our clients
18
with the products or services they desire, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we rely on the accuracy and quality of third-party data and software products and depend on the ability and willingness of third-party data and software providers to deliver and support reliable products, enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis, and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes in order to produce and deliver our products, provide services and develop new products and services.
if the data and software products from our suppliers have errors, are delayed, have design defects, become incompatible with future versions of our products, are unavailable on acceptable terms or are not available at all, we may not be able to deliver our products and services and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. as of december 31, 2016, we relied on the data of over 200 suppliers, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world.
many of our data and software suppliers compete with one another and, in some cases, with us. some of our agreements with data suppliers allow them to cancel on short notice and we have not completed formal agreements with all of our data suppliers, such as certain stock exchanges. from time to time we receive notices from data suppliers, including stock exchanges, threatening to terminate the provision of their data to us, and some data suppliers, including at least one stock exchange, have terminated the provision of their data to us. termination of provision of data by one or more of our significant data suppliers or exclusion from, or restricted use of, or litigation in connection with, a data provider's information could decrease the information available for us to use (and offer our clients) and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
although data suppliers and stock exchanges typically benefit from providing broad access to their data, some of our competitors could enter into exclusive contracts with our data suppliers, including with certain stock exchanges. if our competitors enter into such exclusive contracts, we may be precluded from receiving certain data from these suppliers or restricted in our use of such data, which would give our competitors a competitive advantage. such exclusive contracts could hinder our ability to provide our clients with the data they prefer, which could lead to a decrease in our client base and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we also monitor our use of third-party data and software products to comply with applicable license requirements. despite our efforts, our use of certain third-party data and software products has been challenged in the past and there can be no assurance that such third parties may not challenge our use in the future, resulting in increased data acquisition or software costs, loss of rights and/or costly legal actions. our business could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to timely or effectively replace the functionality provided by data or software that becomes unavailable or fails to operate effectively for any reason. our operating costs could increase if license fees for third-party data or software products increase or the efforts to incorporate enhancements to third-party or other data or software are substantial and we are unable to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements with these suppliers or find alternative sources of equivalent data or software products. if any of these risks materialize, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our clients that pay us a fee based on the assets of an investment product may seek to negotiate a lower asset-based fee percentage or lower the total expense ratio of their funds linked to msci indexes or may cease using our indexes, which could limit the growth of or decrease our revenues from asset-based fees.
a portion of our revenues are from asset-based fees and these revenue streams are concentrated in some of our largest clients, including blackrock, and in our largest market, the u.s. our clients, including our largest clients, may seek to negotiate a lower asset-based fee percentage for a variety of reasons. as the assets of index-linked investment products managed by our clients change, they may request to pay us lower asset-based fee percentages, which are sometimes calculated as a percentage of the relevant fund's total expense ratio ("ter"). additionally, competition is intense and increasing rapidly among our clients that provide exchange traded funds ("etfs"), among other products. the fees etf providers charge their clients are one of the competitive differentiators for
19
these etf managers with some etf providers seeking to win or retain business by charging their clients lower fees. as noted above, in many cases our fees can be affected by an increase or decrease in a product provider's ter. in those cases, a reduction in the ter may negatively impact our revenues.
moreover, clients that have licensed our indexes to serve as the basis of index-linked investment products are generally not required to continue to use our indexes and could elect to cease offering the product or switch to a lower fee index, and at least one large client has ceased using msci indexes as the basis for a significant number of its index funds in the past. we offer a diversified pricing structure for our indexes and from time-to-time experience faster growth in lower fee product areas, resulting in a lower average asset-based fee percentage for licensing our indexes. while we look to maximize the price/volume trade-off over the long-term there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so and results for any given quarter could be materially adversely affected by stronger growth in lower fee products areas that is not sufficiently off-set by growth in the volume of aum in etfs or other products that are based on our indexes. in the instances described above, our asset-based fees could dramatically decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. the ability of our licensees to cease using our indexes or switch to lower fee indexes is generally true not just with respect to an index's use as the basis of an etf but also with respect to its use as the basis of other financial products, including mutual funds and institutional funds. finally, to the extent that an asset manager finds it beneficial to offer clients etfs and institutional funds based on the same indexes, a shift away from use of an index as the basis of one type of product may lead to a corresponding shift away from the use of the same index as the basis of the other type of product.
if we are required to offer clients materially lower asset-based fee percentages with respect to investment products that generate fees based on the assets of such products or our largest clients cease to use our indexes, our revenues could be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our revenues attributable to asset-based fees may be affected by changes in the capital markets, particularly the equity capital markets. a decrease in our revenues attributable to these fees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
clients that use our indexes as the basis for certain index-linked investment products, such as etfs and mutual funds, commonly pay us a fee based on the value of the investment product's assets. the value of an investment product's assets may increase or decrease in response to changes in market performance and cash inflows and outflows, which could impact our revenues. asset-based fees make up a significant portion of our revenues. they accounted for 18.3% and 18.4% of revenues for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. these asset-based fees accounted for 47.4% and 48.3% of the total revenues from our ten largest clients for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. volatile capital markets, as well as changing investment styles, among other factors, may influence an investor's decision to invest in and maintain an investment in an index-linked investment product. accordingly, the value of assets linked to etfs can fluctuate significantly over short periods of time and such volatility may be further impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.  if we are unable to offset the impact of decreased values of assets linked to etfs, including by managing our operating costs, our profitability could be materially adversely affected. see "-our growth and profitability may not continue at the same rate as we have experienced in the past for several reasons, including if our operating costs are higher than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations" below.
20
certain events could lead to interruptions in our operations, including interruptions affecting our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems and the internet, that could impair our ability to provide clients with products and customer service. any resulting failures, disruptions or instability may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we depend heavily on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems and its components, including our data centers, and the internet to seamlessly provide clients with products and customer service. heavy use of our electronic delivery systems and other factors such as loss of service from third parties, operational failures, sabotage, break-ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering, intrusions or hacking, human error, cyber-terrorism, terrorist attacks affecting sites where we are located, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, technical breakdowns, internet failures or computer viruses could impair our systems' operations or interrupt their availability for extended periods of time. our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. if disruptions, failures or slowdowns occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology platform, our electronic delivery systems or the internet, our reputation and our ability to distribute our products effectively and to serve our clients, including those clients for whom we provide managed services or to whom we distribute index and constituent data on a real time basis that is used to manage funds that replicate msci indexes, may be materially adversely affected. for example, we have in recent years experienced denial-of-service attacks. while we have implemented disaster recovery and business continuity plans and have been able to defend our systems against such disruptions and attacks in the past, there is no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully in the future or that our disaster recovery or business continuity plans will be effective in mitigating the risks and costs associated with the particular event that has occurred. we have also experienced unanticipated interruption and delay in the performance and delivery of certain of our products after we migrated certain of our applications and infrastructure to new data centers and may experience such interruptions and delays in the future with respect to migrations within existing data centers or to new data centers. in response to such issues, we have in the past and could again be required to provide service credits. we could also experience cancellations and reduced demand for our products and services, resulting in decreased revenues. we may also incur increased operating expenses to recover data, repair, replace or remediate systems, equipment or facilities, and to protect ourselves from and defend against such disruptions and attacks. accordingly, any significant failures, disruptions or instability affecting our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems or the internet may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations and our insurance may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses, failures, or breaches.
although we currently estimate that the total cost of ongoing development and implementation of our disaster recovery and business continuity plans will not have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations, we cannot provide any assurance that our estimates regarding the timing and cost of implementing these plans will be accurate. unexpected or higher than estimated costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
any failure to ensure and protect the confidentiality of client data could adversely affect our brand and reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
many of our products provide for the exchange of sensitive information with our clients through a variety of media, such as the internet, applications and dedicated transmission lines. we rely on a complex system of internal processes and software controls along with policies, procedures and training to protect client data that we receive in the ordinary course of business, including sensitive and confidential client data such as material non-public information and client portfolio data that may be provided to us or hosted on our systems, against unauthorized data access or disclosure. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in the implementation of our internal controls, policies or procedures, or if an employee purposely circumvents or violates our internal controls, policies or procedures, then unauthorized access to, or disclosure or misappropriation of, client data could occur. such unauthorized access, disclosure or misappropriation may result in claims against us by our clients or regulatory inquiry or censure, which could, individually or in the aggregate, damage our brand and reputation and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. if a failure of our internal controls, policies or procedures results in a security or data privacy breach, we could also incur increased operating expenses to remediate the problems caused by the breach and prevent future breaches, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see " -changes in government
21
regulations, including the implementation of new or pending financial regulations or the repeal of existing financial regulations, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations" below.
we have confidentiality policies in place regarding changes to the composition of our indexes and have implemented information barrier procedures to protect the confidentiality of the material, non-public information regarding changes to our equity indexes. if our confidentiality policies or information barrier procedures fail, our reputation could be damaged and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we change the composition of our indexes from time to time. we believe that, in some cases, the changes we make to our equity indexes can affect the prices of constituent securities as well as products based on our indexes. our index clients rely on us to keep confidential material non-public information about changes to the future composition of an index and to protect against the misuse of that information until the change to the composition of the index is disclosed to clients. we have confidentiality policies in place and have implemented information barrier procedures to limit access to this information and to prevent the unauthorized disclosure and misuse of information regarding material non-public changes to the composition of our equity indexes. if our confidentiality policies or information barrier procedures fail or we are delayed in implementing such procedures as necessary with respect to a newly acquired business and an employee inadvertently discloses, or deliberately misuses, material non-public information about a change to one of our indexes, our reputation may suffer. clients' loss of trust and confidence in our confidentiality policies or information barrier policies and procedures could negatively impact our brand or reputation throughout the investment community, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, certain exchanges permit our clients to list etfs or other financial products based on our equity indexes only if we provide a representation to the exchange that we have information barrier procedures in place designed to address the unauthorized disclosure and misuse of material, non-public information about changes to the composition of our equity indexes. if an exchange determines that our information barrier procedures are not sufficient, the exchange might refuse to list or might delist investment products based on our equity indexes, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
increased competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting clients in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we face competition across all markets for our products and services. our competitors range in size from large companies with substantial resources to small, single-product businesses that are highly specialized. our larger competitors may have access to more resources and may be able to achieve greater economies of scale, and our specialized competitors that are focused on a narrower product line may be more effective in devoting technical, marketing and financial resources to compete with us with respect to a particular product. larger competitors may offer price incentives to expand their market share, and may also consolidate with one another or form joint ventures or other business arrangements, which could allow for a narrower pool of competitors that are better capitalized or that are able to gain a competitive advantage through synergies resulting from an expanded suite of products and services.
in addition, barriers to entry may be low in many of the markets for our products and services, including for single-purpose product companies. low barriers to entry could lead to the emergence of new competitors; for example, more broker-dealers and data suppliers could begin developing their own proprietary risk analytics or indexes. recent developments, including increases in the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information, advances in public cloud computing and the increase in open source code, as well as proprietary software in specific areas, such as pricing, high volume computing, orchestration layers for services, and visualization, have increasingly allowed free or relatively inexpensive access to information sources, which has reduced barriers to entry even further.
22
financial and budgetary pressures affecting our clients, including those resulting from weak or volatile economic conditions, may lead certain clients to reduce their overall spending on our products or services, including by seeking similar products or services at a lower cost than what we are able to provide, by consolidating their spending with fewer providers or by self-sourcing certain of their informational needs. accordingly, competitive pressures may result in fewer clients, fewer subscriptions or investment product licenses, price reductions, and increased operating costs, such as for marketing and product development, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in lower revenue, gross margins and operating income. see "- our clients that pay us a fee based on the assets of an investment product may seek to negotiate a lower asset-based fee percentage or lower the total expense ratio of their funds linked to msci indexes or may cease using our indexes, which could limit the growth of or decrease our revenues from asset-based fees" above and part i, item 1. "business-competition" above.
to remain competitive and generate customer demand, we must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage transitions and product integrations. failure to do so could limit our ability to maintain or grow current revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we operate in an industry that is characterized by rapid technological change and evolving industry standards. due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of this industry and the impact of technological change on our products and services, we must continually introduce new products and services, enhance, including through integration of products and services within msci and with third-party platforms, existing products and services, and effectively generate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services. if, among other things, we fail to accurately predict or respond or adapt to evolving technologies and changing industry standards, if we fail to anticipate and meet the needs of our clients through the successful development of new products and services, if our new products and services are not attractive to our clients or cannot be integrated with third-party platforms, if our new products do not perform as well as anticipated, if the launch of new products and offering of new services is not timely, or if competitors in any business line introduce products, services, systems and processes that are more competitive than ours or that gain greater market acceptance, we could lose market share and clients to our competitors which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in products and services that satisfy our clients' needs and generate revenues required to provide the desired results. for example, we have made, and need to continue to make, investments in our technology platform in order to provide competitive products and services to our clients. from time to time, we also incur costs to integrate existing products and services and transition clients to enhanced products and services, which also present execution risks and challenges. if we are unable to effectively manage transitions to new or enhanced products and services, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. see "-if our products contain undetected errors or fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, we may, among other things, become subject to increased costs or liability based on the use of our products or services to support our clients' investment processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations" below.
23
a limited number of clients account for a material portion of our revenue. cancellation of subscriptions or investment product licenses by any of these clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, revenues from our ten largest clients accounted for 25.7% and 26.0% of our total revenues, respectively. our revenue growth depends on our ability to obtain new clients and achieve and sustain a high level of renewal rates with respect to our existing subscription base and our investment product licenses. failure of one or more of these objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2016, our largest client organization by revenue, blackrock, accounted for 9.4% of our total revenues. for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, 93.7% and 93.0%, respectively, of the revenue from blackrock came from fees based on the assets in blackrock's etfs that are based on our indexes. if one or more of our largest clients cancels or reduces its subscriptions or investment product licenses and we are unsuccessful in replacing those subscriptions or licenses, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. see "- our clients that pay us a fee based on the assets of an investment product may seek to negotiate a lower asset-based fee percentage or lower the total expense ratio of their funds linked to msci indexes or may cease using our indexes, which could limit the growth of or decrease our revenues from asset-based fees " above.
our growth and profitability may not continue at the same rate as we have experienced in the past for several reasons, including if our operating costs are higher than expected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we have experienced significant growth since we began operations. there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the levels of growth and profitability that we have experienced in the past. if we experience higher than expected operating costs, including increased personnel costs, occupancy costs, selling and marketing costs, investments in geographic expansion, communication costs, travel costs, software development costs, professional fees, costs related to information technology infrastructure and other costs, and we cannot adjust to these costs, our operating results may fluctuate significantly or our anticipated profitability may be reduced and our anticipated results of operations and financial position may be materially adversely affected.
additionally, there can be no assurance that we will be as successful in our product development, marketing efforts, or capital return or allocation strategies as we have been in the past, or that such efforts will result in growth or profit margins comparable to those we have experienced in the past. see "- to remain competitive and generate customer demand, we must successfully develop new and enhanced products and services and effectively manage transitions and product integrations. failure to do so could limit our ability to maintain or grow current revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations " above.
we are dependent on key personnel in our professional staff for their expertise. if we fail to attract or retain the necessary qualified personnel, including through our compensation programs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the development, maintenance and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, experience and ability of our highly skilled, educated and trained employees. accordingly, we believe that the success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key management, research, sales and marketing, operations, information technology and other technical personnel. although we do not believe that we are overly dependent upon any individual employee, our management and other employees may terminate their employment at any time and the loss of any of our key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
during 2015 and 2016, our board of directors adopted significant changes to the company's compensation approach and philosophy, including the implementation of a more performance-based approach to the payment of annual cash compensation pursuant to our annual incentive plan (the "aip") based on the achievement of certain financial metrics and long-term equity incentive compensation based on total shareholder return for executive officers and managing directors. we also implemented the cip initiative in 2016 to further incentivize our client coverage personnel by aligning each eligible employee's target annual incentive with key performance metrics in accordance with our overall goals and strategy. if our cash and equity incentive plans, including our new cash bonus plan (i.e., the aip and cip) and long-term equity incentive compensation program, do not adequately engage our
24
key employees or are not competitive, we may lose key personnel. if we fail to attract, engage and retain the necessary qualified personnel, the quality of our products and services as well as our ability to support and retain our customers and achieve business objectives may suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
any future expansion may place significant strain on our management and other resources.
our expansion in the past and any future expansion, particularly in emerging market locations, has placed, and is expected to continue to place, significant demands on our personnel, management and other resources. we must continue to improve our operational, financial, management, legal and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with prior expansion of our business. there can also be no assurance that, if in the future, we expand organically or by way of acquisition, our management will be effective in attracting, engaging and retaining additional qualified personnel, including additional managers or key employees, developing effective leadership in all of our locations, expanding our physical facilities and information technology infrastructure, integrating acquired businesses or otherwise managing expansion. additionally, new hires require significant training and may, in some cases, take a significant amount of time before becoming fully productive. any failure to effectively manage expansion or to effectively manage the business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see "- we are subject to unanticipated costs in connection with political, economic, legal, operational, franchise and other risks as a result of our international operations, which could materially adversely impact our businesses" below, "- we are dependent on key personnel in our professional staff for their expertise. if we fail to attract or retain the necessary qualified personnel, including through our compensation programs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected " above, part ii, item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" below and part i, item 1. "business-company history" above.
changes in government regulations, including the implementation of new or pending financial regulations or the repeal of existing financial regulations, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
the financial services industry is subject to extensive regulation at the federal and state levels, as well as by foreign governments with some jurisdictions regulating indexes directly. these regulations are complex, evolve frequently, and are subject to administrative interpretation and judicial construction in ways that could materially adversely affect our business. it is very difficult to predict the future impact of the broad and expanding legislative and regulatory requirements affecting our business and our clients' businesses. if we fail to comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations, we could be subject to fines or other penalties. additionally, we may be required to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, rules or regulations in various jurisdictions, which could, individually or in the aggregate, result in materially higher compliance costs to us. it is possible that laws or regulations could cause us to restrict or change the way we license our products or could impose additional costs on us. some changes to the laws, rules and regulations applicable to our clients could impact their demand for our products and services. likewise, to the extent that our clients become bound by certain laws, rules or regulations, we may incur higher costs in connection with modifying our products or services at their request even in instances where we are not directly legally bound. there can be no assurance that changes in laws, rules or regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see "- our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted to the extent that our current and potential future clients are affected by adverse changes in the financial markets" below.
•   investment advisers act. except with respect to certain products provided by msci esg research and certain of its subsidiaries, we believe that our products and services do not constitute or provide investment advice as contemplated by the investment advisers act of 1940 ("advisers act"). future developments in our product line or changes to current laws, rules or regulations could cause this status to change. the advisers act imposes fiduciary duties, recordkeeping and reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency and principal transactions between an adviser and advisory clients, as well as general anti-fraud prohibitions. it is possible that in addition to msci esg research and certain of its subsidiaries, other entities in our corporate family may be required to register as an investment adviser under the advisers act or comply with similar laws or requirements in states or foreign jurisdictions.

25
•   dodd-frank act and other financial regulations. we may be materially adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the sec, other u.s. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets around the world. uncertainty caused by political change in the united states and europe (particularly brexit) heightens regulatory uncertainty. the enactment of the dodd-frank act on july 21, 2010 had a significant impact on many aspects of the way in which the financial services industry conducts business. however, the full effect of the dodd-frank act is still unknown given that certain rules and regulations promulgated under the dodd-frank act have yet to take effect or may be largely repealed or modified. as a result of the regulatory uncertainty surrounding the dodd-frank act, complying with its existing and future requirements could negatively impact the business, operations and financial viability of many of our clients which, in turn, could have a negative impact on our business, and results of operations.

in some instances, in connection with the provision of data and services, we have incurred additional costs to implement processes and systems at the request of our clients to ensure that the products and services that they in turn provide to their clients using our data are compliant with the financial regulations to which our clients may be subject. to the extent that our clients are subject to increased regulation, we may be indirectly impacted and could incur increased costs that could have a negative impact on the profitability of certain products.
•   data privacy legislation. changes in laws, rules or regulations, or consumer environments relating to privacy or information collection and use may affect our ability to collect, manage, aggregate, store, transfer and use personal data. there could be a material adverse impact on our direct marketing due to the enactment of legislation or industry regulations, or simply a change in practices, arising from public concern over privacy issues. restrictions could be placed upon the collection, management, aggregation, storage, transfer and use of information that is currently legally available, in which case our cost of collecting, managing, aggregating, storing, transferring or using certain types of data could materially increase. it is also possible that we could be prohibited from collecting, managing, aggregating, storing, transferring or using certain types of data, which could materially adversely affect our ability to meet our clients' needs.

•   regulation affecting benchmarks. regulation (eu) 2016/1011 on indexes used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds was published on june 30, 2016 with effect on january 1, 2018. the new regulation governs index development, calculation, dissemination, governance, maintenance and recordkeeping, as well as input data licensing, collection and dissemination. because this regulation governs a new area and the final technical standards under the regulation have yet to be published in final form, the full impact on our index product line is still to be determined. additionally, the european securities and markets authority ("esma") may issue guidance with different or new interpretations with respect to the regulation or technical standards. complying with the regulation, technical standards or guidance could lead to a change in our business practices and/or our ability to offer indexes in the european union, including without limitation, by increasing our costs of doing business, diminishing our intellectual property rights, imposing constraints on our ability to meet contractual commitments to our data contributors, or causing our data contributors to refuse to contribute data to us at a reasonable cost or at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our equity and real estate index product lines.

under the markets in financial instruments regulation (regulation (eu) no 600/2014), where the value of a financial instrument is calculated by reference to a benchmark, a person with proprietary rights to the benchmark will be required to ensure that clearing entities and trading venues may license the benchmark and receive relevant price and data feeds and information regarding the composition, methodology and pricing of the benchmark for the purposes of clearing and trading. access to such licenses and information will have to be offered by the benchmark owner within three months of the request and on fair, reasonable and non-discriminatory terms that are no less favorable than the terms offered to other trading venues unless a different basis can be objectively justified. in the event that compliance with this regulation (expected to be required in 2019) leads to a change in our business practices or our ability to offer our indexes, increases our cost of doing business or diminishes our intellectual property rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our index product line.
26
on december 18, 2012, esma published guidelines on etfs and other undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities ("ucits") issues (esma/2012/832en), which are updated from time to time by esma ("guidelines"). the guidelines limit the types of indexes that can be used as the basis of ucits funds and require, among other things, index constituents, together with their respective weightings, to be made easily accessible free of charge, such as via the internet, to investors and prospective investors on a delayed and periodic basis. the guidelines became effective as of february 17, 2013 with respect to newly launched ucits funds. they became effective for all ucits funds on february 17, 2014. we have made available a client communication with respect to our policies as they relate to the guidelines. to the extent that esma issues new guidance or different or new interpretations with respect to the guidelines, complying with such guidance could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations, including a material negative impact on our licensing of index data and/or our indexes as the basis of etfs and ucits. additionally, other jurisdictions outside of europe have adopted, and others could adopt, similar concepts, proposals or regulations.
on july 17, 2013, the international organization of securities commissions ("iosco") published its final report on principles for financial benchmarks ("iosco principles"). the iosco principles cover conflicts of interest, benchmark quality and integrity, methodology requirements, procedures related to handling complaints, documentation requirements and audit reviews. the iosco principles require benchmark administrators to publicly disclose whether they comply with the iosco principles within 12 months of their initial publication, with such compliance subject to audit. we announced our implementation of the iosco principles on july 16, 2014 and posted our audit results on our website in july 2015 and july 2016. to the extent that iosco issues new principles or different or new interpretations with respect to the existing iosco principles and/or any individual jurisdictions adopt similar, new or different concepts, proposals or regulations, complying with such principles, concepts, proposals or regulations could lead to a change in our business practices or our ability to offer our indexes, including without limitation, by increasing our costs of doing business, diminishing our intellectual property rights, imposing constraints on our ability to meet our commitments to our data contributors or causing our data contributors to refuse to contribute data to us at a reasonable cost or at all, any of which could have material adverse effect on our equity and real estate index product lines.
our clients may become more self-sufficient, which may reduce demand for our products or services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our clients may internally develop certain functionality contained in the products or services they currently license from us. for example, some of our clients who currently license our risk data to analyze their portfolio risk may develop their own tools to collect data and assess risk, making our products or services unnecessary for them. similarly, a number of our clients have obtained regulatory clearance to create indexes for use as the basis of etfs that they manage. for example, on september 20, 2016, blackrock received exemptive relief from the sec to create certain indexes for use as the basis of etfs that it would manage. to the extent that our clients become more self-sufficient, demand for our products or services may be reduced, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. a growing number of asset managers and investment banks, in partnership with index providers that offer calculation agent services, or acting together with an industry group or association, have created or may create their own range of proprietary indexes, which they use to manage funds or as the basis of etfs, structured products or otc derivatives. see "- a limited number of clients account for a material portion of our revenue. cancellation of subscriptions or investment product licenses by any of these clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations " above and "- increased competition and financial and budgetary pressures affecting clients in our industry may cause price reductions or loss of market share, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations" above.
legal protections for our intellectual property rights and other rights may not be sufficient or available to protect our competitive advantages. third parties may infringe on our intellectual property rights, and third-party litigation may materially adversely affect our ability to protect our intellectual property rights.
we consider many aspects of our products and services to be proprietary. we rely primarily on a combination of trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark rights, as well as contractual protections and technical measures, to
27
protect our products and services. despite our efforts, third parties may still try to challenge, invalidate or circumvent our rights and protections. there is no guarantee that any trade secret, patent, copyright or trademark rights that we may obtain will protect our competitive advantages, nor is there any assurance that our competitors will not infringe upon our rights. as we have experienced, even if we attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through litigation, it may require considerable cost, time and resources to do so, and there is no guarantee that we will be successful. furthermore, our competitors may also independently develop and patent or otherwise protect products and services that are the same or similar to ours. in addition, the laws of certain foreign countries in which we operate do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the u.s. also, some elements of our products and services may not be subject to intellectual property protection.
•   trademarks and service marks -we have registered "msci," "barra," "fea," "investorforce," "ipd" and "riskmetrics" as trademarks or service marks in the u.s. and in certain foreign countries. we have also registered other marks for certain products and services in the u.s. and in certain foreign countries. when we enter a new geographic market or introduce a new product brand, there can be no assurance that our existing trademark or service mark of choice will be available. furthermore, the fact that we have registered trademarks is not an assurance that other companies may not use the same or similar names.

•   patents -we currently hold 23 u.s. and foreign patents. we currently have one u.s. patent application pending. patent applications can be extremely costly to process and defend. there can be no assurance that we will be issued any patents that we apply for or that any of the rights granted under any patent that we obtain will be sufficient to protect our competitive advantages.

•   copyrights -we believe our proprietary software and proprietary data are copyright protected. if a court were to determine that any of our proprietary software or proprietary data, such as our index level data, is not copyright protected, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

•   confidentiality and trade secrets -our license agreements limit our clients' right to copy or disclose our proprietary software and data. it is possible, however, that a client might still make unauthorized copies of our proprietary software or data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. for example, if a client who licensed a large volume of our proprietary historical data made that information publicly available, we might lose potential clients who could freely obtain a copy of the data. we also seek to protect our proprietary software and data through trade secret protection and through non-disclosure obligations with our employees. however, if an employee breaches his or her non-disclosure obligation and reveals a trade secret or other confidential information, we could lose the trade secret or confidentiality protection, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. furthermore, it may be very difficult to ascertain if a former employee is inappropriately using or disclosing our confidential or proprietary information. we have investigated suspicions that former employees have used or disclosed our confidential or proprietary information, but we may not be able to determine with certainty whether misappropriation has occurred.

likewise, we cannot be certain that we are aware or in the future will be aware of every instance in which this sort of behavior may occur. additionally, the enforceability of our license and other agreements' non-disclosure obligations and the availability of remedies to us in the event of a breach may vary due to the many different jurisdictions in which our clients and employees are located.
•   license agreements -our products are generally made available to end users on a periodic subscription basis under a license agreement signed by the client. we also permit access to some data, such as certain index information, through the internet under online licenses that are affirmatively acknowledged by the licensee or under terms of use. there can be no assurance that third parties will abide by the terms of our licenses or that all of our license agreements will be enforceable.

•   third-party litigation -there have been a number of lawsuits in multiple jurisdictions, including in the u.s. and germany, regarding whether issuers of index-linked investment products are required to obtain a license from the index owner or whether issuers may issue investment products based on publicly-available index level data without obtaining permission from (or making payment to) the index owner. the outcome of these cases depends on a number of factors, including the governing law, the

28
amount of information about the index available without a license and the other particular facts and circumstances of the cases. in some instances, the results have been unfavorable to the index owner. if courts or regulators or other governmental bodies in relevant jurisdictions determine that a license is not required to issue investment products linked to indexes, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see "- changes in government regulations, including the implementation of new or pending financial regulations or the repeal of existing financial regulations, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations " above. it might also lead to changes in current industry practices such that we would no longer make our index level data publicly available, such as via our website or news media, on a timely basis.

third parties may claim we infringe upon their intellectual property rights. such claims would likely be costly to defend, could require us to pay damages or limit our future use of certain technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
from time to time, we receive claims or notices from third parties alleging infringement or potential infringement of their intellectual property rights. the number of these claims may grow. businesses operating in the financial services sector, including our competitors and potential competitors, have increasingly pursued or may consider pursuing patent protection for their technologies and business methods. if any third parties were to obtain a patent on a relevant index methodology, risk model, software application or other relevant product or process, we could be sued for infringement. furthermore, there is always a risk that third parties will sue us for infringement or misappropriation of other intellectual property rights, such as trademarks, copyrights or trade secrets.
responding to intellectual property claims, regardless of merit, can consume valuable time, and result in costly litigation or delays. we may be forced to settle such claims on unfavorable terms, and there can be no assurance that we would prevail in any litigation arising from such claims if such claims are not settled. we may be required to pay damages, to stop providing or using the affected products or services or to enter into royalty and licensing agreements. there can be no assurance that any royalty or licensing agreements will be made, if at all, on terms that are commercially acceptable to us. from time to time we receive notices calling upon us to defend partners, clients, suppliers or distributors against such third-party claims under indemnification clauses in our contracts. if any of these risks materialize, the impact of claims of intellectual property infringement could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our use of open source code could impose unanticipated delays or costs in deploying our products, or impose conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products or keep them confidential.
we rely on open source code to develop software and to incorporate it in our products, as well as to support our internal systems and infrastructure. the use of open source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. further, some open source licenses provide that if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. this would allow our competitors to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately put us at a competitive disadvantage. additionally, the terms of many open source code licenses are ambiguous and have not been interpreted by u.s. courts. accordingly, there are risks that there may be a failure in our procedures for controlling the usage of open source code or that these licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. in either event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties on terms that are not commercially feasible in order to continue offering our products, to make generally available (in source code form) portions of our proprietary code, to re-engineer our products or systems, to discontinue the licensing of our products if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely or cost-effective basis, or to take other remedial action that could divert resources away from our development efforts. any of these requirements could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
29
if our products contain undetected errors or fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, we may, among other things, become subject to increased costs or liability based on the use of our products or services to support our clients' investment processes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our products and services support the investment processes of our clients, which relate to, in the aggregate, trillions of dollars in assets. products we develop or license, including our indexes, may contain undetected errors or defects despite testing. use of our products or services as part of the investment process creates the risk that our clients, or the parties whose assets are managed by our clients, may pursue claims against us for very significant dollar amounts based on what may be alleged to be even a small error or malfunction in certain of our products or services.
errors or defects can exist at any point in a product's life cycle, but are frequently found after introduction of new products or enhancements to existing products. we continually introduce new methodologies and products, and new versions of our products. despite internal testing and testing by current clients, our current and future products may contain serious defects or malfunctions. if we detect any errors before we release a product or publish a methodology, we might have to delay the product or index release for an extended period of time while we address the problem. we may not discover errors that affect our new or current products or enhancements until after they are deployed, and we may need to provide enhancements to correct such errors, and in certain cases it may be impracticable to correct such errors. if undetected errors exist in our products or methodologies, or if our products fail to perform properly due to defects, malfunctions or similar problems, it could result in harm to our brand or reputation, lost sales, delays in commercial release, third party claims, contractual disputes, negative publicity, delays in or loss of market acceptance of our products, license terminations or renegotiations and/or unexpected expenses and diversion of resources to remedy or mitigate such errors. additionally, any undetected errors, defects, malfunctions or similar problems in our products or methodologies could lead to significant failures, disruptions or slowdowns with respect to our product delivery to clients. the realization of any of these events could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. see "- certain events could lead to interruptions in our operations, including interruptions affecting our information technology platform, electronic delivery systems and the internet, that could impair our ability to provide clients with products and customer service. any resulting failures, disruptions or instability may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations" above.
while we have provisions in our client contracts that are designed to limit our exposure to potential liability claims brought by our clients or third parties based on the use of our products or services or delay or failure to provide services, these provisions do not always eliminate liability resulting from the occurrence of any of these events entirely and may have certain exceptions that could result in the provision of credits, contractual penalties and adverse monetary judgments, or be invalidated by unfavorable judicial decisions or by federal, state, foreign or local laws. any such claims brought against us, even if the outcome were to be ultimately favorable to us, would involve a significant commitment of our management, personnel, financial and other resources and could have a negative impact on our reputation or pose a significant disruption to our normal business operations. in addition, the duration or outcome of such claims and lawsuits is difficult if not impossible to predict, which could further exacerbate the adverse effect they may have on our business operations.
our business is dependent on our clients' continued investment in equity securities as well as the measurement of the performance of our clients' equity investments against equity benchmarks. if investment in equity markets declines, if our clients significantly reduce their investments in equity securities, or if they discontinue the use of equity benchmarks to measure performance, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
a significant portion of our revenues comes from our products that are focused on various aspects of managing or monitoring equity portfolios. volatility in equity markets over an extended period or other factors may lead to an overall decline in the viability of such markets, which could reduce new business opportunities for us and our clients. to the extent our clients significantly deemphasize equity securities in their investment strategies, the demand for our equity products would likely decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. see "- our revenues attributable to asset-based fees may be affected by changes in the capital markets, particularly the equity capital markets. a decrease in our revenues attributable to these fees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations " above.
30
additionally, our equity indexes serve as equity benchmarks against which our clients can measure the performance of their investments. if clients decide to measure performance on an absolute return basis instead of against an equity benchmark, the demand for our equity indexes could decrease. any such decrease in demand for our equity indexes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
cancellation of subscriptions or investment product licenses or renegotiation of terms by a significant number of clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our principal business model is to license annual, recurring subscriptions to our products for use at specified locations and often by a given number of users or for a certain volume of products or services. for most of our products and services, our clients may cancel their subscriptions or investment product licenses at the end of the current term. while we believe the primarily annual, recurring subscription model supports our marketing efforts by allowing clients to subscribe without the requirement of a long-term commitment, the cancellation of subscriptions or investment product licenses by a significant number of clients at any given time may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively impacted to the extent that our current and potential future clients are affected by adverse changes in the financial markets.
unfavorable changes in global or domestic financial market conditions may negatively impact the performance and financial viability of our current and potential clients, the majority of which are in the financial services industry. as a result, adverse financial market conditions could result in reduced demand for our products and services due to, among other things, the closure or consolidation of our clients, a decrease in the number of fund launches, including hedge fund launches or a shift in our clients' investment patterns; the inability of our customers to pay for products or services, including forgoing products or services, delaying payment or underpaying; prolonged selling and renewal cycles; and increased reserves for doubtful accounts and write-offs of accounts receivable.
if we are unable to successfully identify, execute and realize synergies from acquisitions, or if we experience integration, financing, or other risks resulting from our acquisitions, our financial results may be materially adversely affected.
an element of our growth strategy is growth through acquisitions. as we continue pursuing selective acquisitions to support our growth strategy, we seek to be a disciplined acquirer, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates for successful acquisition at acceptable prices. in addition, our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from our past and future acquisitions depends in part upon our ability to effectively integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions and personnel of these businesses into our business. we cannot assure you that we will be successful in integrating acquired businesses or that our acquired businesses will perform at the levels we anticipate. in addition, our past and future acquisitions may subject us to unanticipated risks or liabilities or disrupt our operations. any acquisition could present a number of risks, including:
•   incorrect assumptions regarding the future results of acquired operations or assets or expected cost reductions or other synergies expected to be realized as a result of acquiring operations or assets;

•   failure to integrate the operations or management of any acquired operations or assets successfully and on a timely and cost effective basis;

•   failure to achieve assumed synergies;

•   insufficient knowledge of the operations and markets of acquired businesses, including where the acquired company operates in many countries and in markets with which we have limited experience;

•   increased debt, which may be incurred under terms less favorable than those associated with our current debt and which may, among other things, reduce our free cash flow and increase our risk of default;

•   dilution of our common stock;

31
•   loss of key personnel;

•   diversion of management's attention from existing operations or other priorities; and

•   inability to secure, on terms we find acceptable, sufficient financing that may be required for any such acquisition or investment.

in the event that we experience a high level of acquisition-related activity within a limited period of time, the possibility of occurrence of these risks would likely increase for that period. in addition, if we are unsuccessful in completing acquisitions of other businesses, operations or assets or if such opportunities for expansion do not arise, our future growth, business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation risk. exchange rate movements can impact the u.s. dollar reported value of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities denominated in non-u.s. dollar currencies or where the currency of such items is different than the functional currency of the entity where these items were recorded.
we generally invoice our clients in u.s. dollars; however, we invoice a portion of our clients in euros, british pounds sterling, japanese yen and a limited number of other non-u.s. dollar currencies. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, 16.9% and 17.8%, respectively, of our revenues are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk and primarily includes clients billed in foreign currency as well as u.s. dollar exposures on non-u.s. dollar foreign operating entities. of the 16.9% of non-u.s dollar exposure for the year ended december 31, 2016, 35.5% was in british pounds sterling, 34.4% was in euros and 24.9% was in japanese yen. of the 17.8% of non-u.s dollar exposure for the year ended december 31, 2015, 37.0% was in british pounds sterling, 35.8% was in euros, and 21.6% was in japanese yen.
revenues from index-linked investment products represented 18.3% and 18.4% of operating revenues for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. while a substantial portion of our fees for index-linked investment products are invoiced in u.s. dollars, the fees are based on the investment product's assets, of which two-thirds are invested in securities denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. accordingly, declines in such other currencies against the u.s. dollar will decrease the fees payable to us under such licenses. in addition, declines in such currencies against the u.s. dollar could impact the attractiveness of such investment products resulting in net fund outflows, which would further reduce the fees payable under such licenses.
we are exposed to additional foreign currency risk in certain of our operating costs. approximately 38.3% and 41.3% of our operating expenses for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, were denominated in foreign currencies, the significant majority of which were denominated in british pounds sterling, indian rupees, swiss francs, euros, hungarian forints, hong kong dollars, chinese yuan and mexican pesos. expenses incurred in foreign currency may increase as we expand our business outside the u.s.
we have certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than local functional amounts and when these balances were remeasured into their local functional currency, either a gain or a loss resulted from the change of the value of the functional currency as compared to the originating currencies. we manage foreign currency exchange rate risk, in part, through the use of derivative financial instruments comprised principally of forward contracts on foreign currency which are not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. the objective of the derivative instruments is to minimize the impact on the income statement of the volatility of amounts denominated in certain foreign currencies. we recognized total foreign currency exchange losses of $0.2 million and $2.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. although we believe that our guidelines and policies are reasonable and prudent, any hedging instruments that we are currently party to or may enter into in the future may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our results of operations.
to the extent that our international activities recorded in local currencies increase or decrease in the future, our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates may correspondingly increase and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.  most recently, on june 23, 2016, the
32
united kingdom voted to leave the european union through the referendum of the united kingdom's membership of the european union, an event commonly referred to as "brexit."  while the full effects of brexit will not be known for some time, the brexit vote caused significant volatility in currency exchange rates, especially between the u.s. dollar and the british pound sterling.  for example, the exchange rate as of december 31, 2016 was £0.81/$1 compared with a rate on june 23, 2016 of £0.68/$1 and a rate on june 1, 2016 of £0.69/$1. the weaker british pound sterling means that revenues earned in british pound sterling translate to lower reported u.s. dollar revenues.  the weaker british pound sterling also means that expenses incurred in british pound sterling translate to lower reported u.s. dollar expenses. the weaker british pound sterling could also impair the purchasing power of our clients and could result in decreased demand for our products and services. the fall in the british pound sterling relative to the u.s. dollar, and the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to a number of currencies including the british pound sterling, could have significant impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our indebtedness could materially adversely affect our cash flows and financial flexibility.
as of december 31, 2016, we had $2.1 billion of outstanding indebtedness from our senior notes and a related interest expense of $101.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. we also maintain a $220.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the "revolving credit agreement"), which was undrawn as of december 31, 2016.
although management believes that our cash flows will be sufficient to service our outstanding indebtedness, there may be circumstances in which required payments of principal and/or interest on this debt could adversely affect our cash flows. the terms of our current financing include restrictive covenants that limit our ability and our existing and future subsidiaries' abilities to, among other things, incur liens; incur additional indebtedness; make investments; make acquisitions, merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another person; sell, transfer or dispose of assets; pay dividends or other distributions in respect of our capital stock; change the nature of our business; enter into any transactions with affiliates other than on an arm's length basis; and prepay, redeem or repurchase debt. in addition, the agreements relating to our senior notes restrict our non-guarantor subsidiaries' ability to create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness without such non-guarantor subsidiaries guaranteeing our outstanding senior notes on a pari passu basis. affirmative covenants in the agreements relating to our current financings may interfere with our ability to obtain financings and to engage in business activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our revolving credit agreement also requires us to comply with financial ratio maintenance covenants. under the terms of our revolving credit agreement, certain increases (or decreases) in our consolidated leverage ratio may result in an increase (or decrease) in the fees applicable to (i) outstanding borrowings under such facility and (ii) undrawn commitments under such facility, in each case, in a predetermined percentage amount (the "applicable margin"). if we experience, as of a scheduled quarterly test date, an increase in our consolidated leverage ratio above a threshold amount specified in our revolving credit agreement, the interest rates on our outstanding borrowings and/or the fee rate on our unused commitments will rise by the applicable margin. consequently, any increase in our consolidated leverage ratio could result in higher debt service costs under such facility, even if we do not have borrowings outstanding under such facility.
as of december 31, 2016, our consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) was 3.50:1.00. we are therefore currently subject to the highest applicable margin provided for under our revolving credit agreement. the rate on our unused commitments is 0.35%.
33
if we incur substantial additional indebtedness, the risks described above could be further exacerbated.
we may need to incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness, in the future in the ordinary course of business. the terms of our revolving credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes restrict, but do not completely prohibit, us from doing so. we are permitted to borrow up to $220.0 million under our revolving credit agreement. in addition, the indentures governing our senior notes allow us to issue additional senior notes under certain circumstances. accordingly, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt from time to time under our existing debt agreements and otherwise, to finance working capital, capital expenditures, investments or acquisitions, or for other purposes. if we do so, the risks related to our level of indebtedness could intensify. specifically, a high level of indebtedness could, among other things:
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations or proceeds of any equity issuance or additional debt incurrence to payments on our indebtedness, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, dividend payments, development activity, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

•   increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions;

•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the markets in which we operate;

•   make us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates, as borrowings under our revolving credit agreement are at variable rates;

•   limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital or other purposes, such as raising the funds necessary to repurchase all of the senior notes tendered to us upon the occurrence of specified changes of control in our ownership;

•   increase our interest expense;

•   make it difficult for us to optimally capitalize and manage the cash flow for our business; and

•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less indebtedness.

if we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements, there could be a default under the terms of such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of repayment.
if we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our revolving credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes, there could be a default under the terms of these debt agreements. our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants, including meeting financial ratios and tests, may be affected by events beyond our control including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. as a result, there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with these restrictions and covenants or meet such financial ratios and tests, and any such default under our debt agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to take advantage of financings, mergers and acquisitions or other corporate opportunities.
additionally, if certain events of default occur, continue or remain uncured under our debt agreements, we are required to repurchase, redeem, repay or prepay, as the case may be, the debt under such agreement prior to maturity and/or such debt could become accelerated and immediately due and payable. for example, upon the occurrence of specified changes of control in our ownership, the holders of the senior notes have the right to compel us to repurchase all or part of the 2024 senior notes, the 2025 senior notes, or the 2026 senior notes, as applicable, in cash at a price equal to 101.0% of the aggregate principal amount to be repurchased plus accrued interest. additionally, the holders of the 2024 senior notes, the 2025 senior notes, or the 2026 senior notes may, in connection with certain events of default, accelerate the principal amount of the 2024 senior notes, the 2025 senior notes, or the 2026 senior notes, as applicable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, and declare the same to be due and payable after giving the required notice.
34
likewise, under our revolving credit agreement, the lenders may, in connection with certain events of default, elect to terminate borrowing commitments and declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued and unpaid interest and other fees, to be due and payable.
our debt agreements also contain cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, pursuant to which a default is deemed to have occurred under such agreement if a default or acceleration occurs under another debt agreement. for example, our revolving credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes contain cross-default provisions relating to nonpayment by us or any of our subsidiaries in connection with debt aggregating $50.0 million or more (subject to certain cure periods). if any of the above events should occur, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay in full all of our outstanding indebtedness. additionally, we may not be able to amend our debt agreements or obtain needed waivers on satisfactory terms.
to service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. however, our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. if we are unable to access or generate a sufficient amount of cash, our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on our ability to generate and access cash in the future, which, in turn, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations and we may not have available to us future borrowings in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. in these circumstances, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. however, we may not be able to secure additional financing on terms favorable or acceptable to us or at all. if we cannot refinance or otherwise pay our obligations as they mature and fund our liquidity needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and ability to compete in our industry could be materially adversely affected.
absent sufficient cash flow in the u.s. and the ability to refinance, we could also be forced to sell assets or to repatriate cash to the u.s. to make up for any shortfall in our payment obligations. however, the terms of our revolving credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes limit our and our subsidiaries' ability to sell assets and also restrict the use of proceeds from such a sale. accordingly, we may not be able to sell assets or access cash outside the u.s. quickly enough to generate sufficient amounts to enable us to meet our obligations on our indebtedness. additionally, the repatriation of cash to the u.s. could result in additional taxes.
increased costs of financing, a reduction in the availability of short-term and long-term funding and access to capital, fluctuations in the levels of interest rates and inflation, could materially adversely affect our liquidity, operating expenses or results of operations.
at december 31, 2016, we had no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit agreement and all of our outstanding long-term debt was subject to a fixed interest rate. adverse conditions in the domestic and global financial markets could, however, increase our costs for additional financing and negatively affect our ability to refinance, repurchase, redeem, repay or prepay, as the case may be, our debt at or prior to maturity, raise capital or fund other types of obligations. additionally, we may face increased financing costs if we are no longer able to deduct interest paid on our borrowings if there are changes to domestic and international tax laws. see "-we may have exposure to additional tax liabilities in various jurisdictions" below. our access to capital is also impacted by changes in interest rates and inflation, which could restrict the availability to us of short-term and long-term funding. recent interest rates in the u.s. have been at historically low levels, and increases in these rates could increase our interest expense and reduce our funds available for operations and other purposes with respect to newly incurred debt, or borrowings, if any. additionally, any downgrades to our credit rating or outlook may increase the cost, and reduce the availability, of financing. see "- a change in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our financial condition" below.
if we borrow under our revolving credit agreement, such indebtedness would bear interest at fluctuating interest rates, primarily based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor") for deposits of u.s. dollars. libor tends to fluctuate based on general economic conditions, general interest rates, federal reserve rates and the supply
35
of and demand for credit in the london interbank market. increases in the interest rate generally, and particularly when coupled with any significant variable rate indebtedness, could materially adversely impact our interest expenses. to the extent we borrow under our revolving credit agreement, we are not required to enter into interest rate swaps to hedge such indebtedness. if we decide not to enter into hedges on such indebtedness, our interest expense on such indebtedness will fluctuate based on libor or other variable interest rates. consequently, we may have difficulties servicing such unhedged indebtedness and funding our other fixed costs, and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be materially adversely affected.
if we do enter into interest rate swap agreements, developing an effective strategy for movements in interest rates is complex, and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with such fluctuations. in addition, the counterparty to a derivative instrument could default on its obligation thereby exposing us to credit risk. further, we may have to repay certain costs, such as transaction fees or brokerage costs, if a derivative instrument is terminated by us. finally, our interest rate risk management activities could expose us to substantial losses if interest rates move materially differently from our expectations. as a result, our interest rate hedging activities may not effectively manage our interest rate sensitivity or have the desired beneficial impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
a change in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our financial condition.
our credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of our common stock or outstanding debt. our outstanding debt under the senior notes, which amounts to an aggregate principal amount of approximately $2.1 billion, currently has a non-investment grade rating. any rating assigned to such debt is subject to ongoing evaluation by the credit rating agencies and could be lowered or withdrawn entirely at any time by such agency if, in the agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating so warrant. such future circumstances include, but are not limited to, adverse changes to our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows, or revisions to our corporate strategy pertaining to capitalization or leverage. for example, on july 28, 2015, the board of directors authorized corporate action that led to a change in the company's target leverage and interest expense, allowing for the issuance of our 2025 senior notes on august 13, 2015. following the board of directors' authorization, one of the ratings agencies described the increase as substantially higher than current leverage levels and as a result downgraded our credit rating. this recent downgrade, and any further downgrade, could adversely affect the amount of capital we can access, as well as the terms of any financing we obtain.
in addition, our debt covenants contain certain obligations that are triggered by a change in our credit rating. the senior notes contain covenants that require the company to offer to repurchase the 2024 senior notes, the 2025 senior notes, or the 2026 senior notes as applicable, in cash at a price equal to 101.0% of their par value, in the event of a change of control of the company or disposition of substantially all of the company's assets. the company is obligated to make such repurchase offer to noteholders if the following two conditions are met at the time of, or as a result of, such change of control or asset sale transaction: (i) the senior notes are rated below investment grade by each rating agency that rates the senior notes and (ii) the senior notes are downgraded by any rating agency.
any adverse change in our credit rating could have a negative effect on our liquidity and future growth through transactions in which we rely on the ability to receive debt capital at an advantageous cost and on favorable terms. accordingly, actual or anticipated changes or downgrades to or withdrawal of our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review or have been assigned a negative outlook, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and on the market value of our common stock and outstanding debt.
we are subject to unanticipated costs in connection with political, economic, legal, operational, franchise and other risks as a result of our international operations, which could materially adversely impact our businesses.
as we continue to expand our international operations, we increase our exposure to political, economic, legal, operational, franchise and other risks that are inherent in operating in many countries, including risks of possible capital controls, exchange controls, customs duties, sanctions compliance, tax penalties, levies or assessments, broad
36
regulatory discretion and other restrictive governmental actions, as well as the outbreak of hostilities or political and governmental instability in certain of the countries or regions in which we conduct operations. a significant number of our employees are located in offices outside of the u.s. and a number of those employees are located in emerging market locations. for example, as of december 31, 2016, 56.2% of our employees were located in emerging market locations. the cost of establishing and maintaining these offices, including costs related to information technology infrastructure, as well as the costs of attracting, training and retaining employees in these locations may be higher, or may increase at a faster rate, than we anticipate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
additionally, the laws and regulations in many countries applicable to our business are uncertain and evolving, and it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market. our inability to maintain consistent internal policies and procedures across our offices and remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market could have a significant and negative effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally.
in order to penetrate markets outside of the u.s., we must provide a suite of products and services that fit the needs of the local market. demand for our products and services is still nascent in many parts of the world.
many countries have not fully developed laws and regulations regarding risk management and esg and, in many cases, institutions in these countries have not developed widely accepted best practices regarding the same. if we do not appropriately tailor our products and services to fit the needs of the local market, we may be unable to effectively grow sales of our products and services outside of the u.s. there can be no assurances that demand for our products and services will develop in these countries.
we may be exposed to liabilities under applicable anti-corruption laws and any determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. we have business in countries and regions which are less developed and are generally recognized as potentially more corrupt business environments. our activities in these countries create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our employees or agents that could be in violation of various anti-corruption laws including the foreign corrupt practices act of 1977, as amended (the "fcpa") and the u.k. bribery act 2010. we have implemented safeguards and policies to discourage these practices by our employees and agents. however, our existing safeguards and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct for which we might be held responsible. if employees violate our policies or we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions we may be subject to regulatory sanctions. violations of the fcpa or other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties, and we may be subject to other liabilities which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may have exposure to additional tax liabilities in various jurisdictions.
as a global corporation, we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income or indirect taxes, in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. in the ordinary course of a global business, there are many intercompany transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. changes in domestic and international tax laws could negatively impact our overall effective tax rate.
although we believe that our tax provisions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. to the extent we are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, such differences could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated statement of income for a particular future period. in addition, an unfavorable tax settlement could require use of our cash and result in an increase in our effective tax rate in the period in which such resolution occurs.
37
we are also subject to non-income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. we are regularly under audit by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes and may have exposure to additional non-income tax liabilities.
our investments in recorded goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of acquisitions, including goodwill and other intangible assets resulting from our acquisitions, could be impaired as a result of future business conditions, requiring us to record substantial write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
we have goodwill and intangible assets of $1,903.5 million recorded on our balance sheet as of december 31, 2016. we evaluate the recoverability of recorded goodwill amounts annually or when evidence of potential impairment exists. intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. these impairment tests are based on several factors requiring management's judgment. changes in fair market valuations and our operating performance or business conditions, in general, could result in future impairments of goodwill or intangible assets which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. in addition, if we are not successful in achieving anticipated operating efficiencies associated with acquisitions, our goodwill and intangible assets may become impaired.
in connection with our initial public offering and separation from morgan stanley, we entered into agreements with morgan stanley where we agreed to indemnify morgan stanley for, among other things, certain past, present and future liabilities related to our business.
pursuant to certain agreements we entered into with morgan stanley relating to the provision of services and other matters, we agreed to indemnify morgan stanley for, among other matters, certain past, present and future liabilities related to our business. such liabilities include certain unknown liabilities, which could be significant.
risks related to ownership of our common stock the market price of our common stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses.
the market price of our common stock is likely to fluctuate in the future for a variety of factors, some of which are beyond our control. one possible outcome of such fluctuation could be a decline in the value of your investment. for example, some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include:
•   fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;

•   changes in or failure to meet guidance or long-term targets provided by the company with respect to financial and operating metrics;

•   changes in operating margins;

•   declines in the value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes;

•   loss of key clients (see "- our clients that pay us a fee based on the assets of an investment product may seek to negotiate a lower asset-based fee percentage or lower the total expense ratio of their funds linked to msci indexes or may cease using our indexes, which could limit the growth of or decrease our revenues from asset-based fees " above);

•   changes in estimates of our financial results or recommendations by securities analysts;

•   failure of any of our products to achieve or maintain market acceptance;

•   failure to produce or distribute our products;

•   changes in market valuations of similar companies;

•   success of competitive products;

38
•   changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt;

•   changes in our dividend policy or stock repurchase program;

•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant products, contracts, acquisitions or strategic alliances;

•   litigation involving our company, our general industry or both;

•   changes in or departures of key personnel;

•   investors' general perception of us, including any perception of misuse of sensitive information;

•   changes in general economic, political, industry and market conditions in one or more significant regions around the world; and

•   changes in regulatory developments in the u.s., foreign countries or both and changes in other dynamics.

in addition, if the market for stocks in our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or results of operations. if any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.
our business performance might not be sufficient for us to meet the full-year financial guidance or long-term targets that we provide publicly.
we provide full-year financial guidance and long-term targets to the public based upon our assumptions regarding our expected financial performance. for example, we provide assumptions regarding our ability to manage our expenses, generate free cash flow, achieve a certain effective tax rate, access cash generated outside of the u.s. and achieve our profitability targets. while we believe that our annual financial guidance and long-term targets provide investors and analysts with insight to our view of the company's future performance, such financial guidance and long-term targets are based on assumptions that may not always prove to be accurate and may vary from actual results. if we fail to meet the full-year financial guidance or achieve the long-term targets that we provide, or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance during the year or long-term targets over time, the market value of our common stock could be adversely affected.
future sales of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress our common stock price.
sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the market price of our common stock. this would include sales of our common stock underlying restricted shares of common stock and options to purchase shares of common stock granted in connection with our initial public offering and pursuant to our equity incentive compensation plans. the following table presents the number of shares of common stock issued under each of our equity incentive compensation plans as of december 31, 2016.
39
equity compensation plans                  number of issued shares of common stock as of december 31, 2016

msci inc. 2016 omnibus plan                       420
msci amended and restated 2007 equity incentive                                           8,481,329
compensation plan msci inc. 2016 non-employee directors                                                         2,855
compensation plan msci inc. independent directors' equity                                                     216,210
compensation plan rmg plans (1)                                                                             3,930,795
(1)   consists of the riskmetrics group, inc. 2000 stock option plan, riskmetrics group, inc. 2004 stock option plan, riskmetrics group, inc. 2007 omnibus incentive compensation plan and the institutional shareholder services holdings, inc. equity incentive plan.

for additional information on our equity compensation plans, see part ii, item 5. "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity-equity compensation plans" and note 8, "shareholders' equity" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. as of february 17, 2017, 90,545,374 shares of our common stock were outstanding and freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the securities act of 1933, as amended, by persons other than our affiliates within the meaning of rule 144 under the securities act.
in the future, we may also issue additional shares of our common stock in connection with investments and acquisitions. the amount of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of the outstanding common stock.
provisions in our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws and delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock.
provisions of our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws and delaware law may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control that shareholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares of our common stock. these provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our management. these provisions include:
•   limitations on the removal of directors;

•   advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and director nominations;

•   the inability of shareholders, after a change in control, to act by written consent or to call special meetings;

•   the ability of our board of directors to make, alter or repeal our by-laws; and

•   the ability of our board of directors to designate the terms of and issue a new series of preferred stock without shareholder approval.

generally, the amendment of our third amended and restated certificate of incorporation requires approval by our board of directors and a majority vote of shareholders. any amendment to our by-laws requires the approval of either a majority of our board of directors or holders of at least 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by the outstanding capital stock in the election of our board of directors.
section 203 of the general corporation law of the state of delaware prohibits a person who acquires more than 15% but less than 85% of all classes of our outstanding voting stock without the approval of our board of directors from merging or combining with us for a period of three years, unless the merger or combination is approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our outstanding voting stock not owned by such person.
40
these provisions would apply even if the proposed merger or acquisition could be considered beneficial by some shareholders.
the existence of the foregoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. they could also deter potential acquirers of the company, thereby reducing the likelihood that a premium would be paid for your common stock in an acquisition.
we may not be able to maintain payments of dividends at current levels and the failure to do so may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
on september 17, 2014, our board of directors approved a plan to initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders. on october 30, 2014, we began paying regular quarterly cash dividends and have paid such dividends each quarter thereafter. on february 1, 2017, our board of directors declared our next quarterly cash dividend, in an amount of $0.28 per share of common stock, to be paid on march 15, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of trading on february 17, 2017. although we plan to continue to pay regular quarterly cash dividends at the target rates (currently 30%-40% of adjusted eps) established by our board of directors from time to time, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so or that we will achieve an annual dividend rate in any particular amount. our board of directors may, in its discretion, decrease the quarterly or annual rate of dividends or entirely discontinue the payment of dividends at any time if it deems such action to be in the best interests of the company and our shareholders.
our cash dividend policy is based upon our board of directors' assessment of our financial condition and the general business environment in which we operate at the time of declaration. any future declaration and payment of cash dividends to our shareholders depends on the assessment of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, and a change in any one or more factors could affect our dividend policy. these factors include: our results of operations and liquidity; future prospects for earnings and cash flows; our available cash on hand and anticipated cash needs; the level and timing of capital expenditures, principal repayments and other capital needs; our ability to comply with current or future financial and negative covenants that limit our ability to pay dividends and make certain other restricted payments (including the incurrence covenants contained in our revolving credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes); tax treatment of dividends in the u.s.; legal restrictions on the payment of dividends and other provisions of law in any applicable jurisdiction; and any other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant in light of the prevailing conditions at the time of such assessment. as a result, we can give no assurance that we will in the future choose or be able to declare or pay a cash dividend, maintain our current level of dividends or increase them over time. our failure to declare or pay a dividend, a reduction in the level of such dividend or the discontinuance of such dividend could materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
the share repurchase programs approved by our board of directors may not result in enhanced value to shareholders and may negatively affect our share price.
on october 26, 2016, the board of directors approved an additional stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $750.0 million worth of shares of our common stock (together with the $330.3 million authorization remaining under the 2015 repurchase program, the "2016 repurchase program"). as of december 31, 2016, the remaining authorization under the 2016 program was approximately $870.0 million. share repurchases made pursuant to the 2016 repurchase program may take place in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time based on market and other conditions. this authorization may be modified, suspended or terminated by the board of directors at any time without prior notice.
the 2016 repurchase program carries risks and uncertainties, including, among other things, that the authorized purchases will not be completed within the expected timing or will not be made at the best possible price. additionally, we are permitted to, and may, discontinue the 2016 repurchase program at any time, including, without limitation, upon determining that we have insufficient cash flows or surplus levels required by delaware law to continue to execute such program. any such discontinuation or inability to continue to execute the 2016 repurchase program could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will pursue or be successful in completing the execution of the 2016 repurchase program or any future repurchase program. additionally, the existence of a share repurchase program could cause the market price of our common stock to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our shares. as a result, any
41
repurchase program may not ultimately result in enhanced value to our shareholders and may not prove to be the best use of our cash resources.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of our operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those described below. such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those identified below and those described in part 1, item 1a. "risk factors," within this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we offer products and services to support the needs of institutional investors throughout their investment processes. clients look to us for an integrated view of the drivers of risk and return in their portfolios, broad and deep asset class coverage, quality data, an objective perspective and innovation.
our clients include asset owners (pension funds, endowments, foundations, central banks, sovereign wealth funds, family offices and insurance companies), asset management firms (mutual funds, hedge funds, providers of exchange-traded funds ("etfs"), private wealth managers, real estate investment trusts and financial intermediaries (banks, broker-dealers, exchanges, custodians, trust companies and investment consultants).
our products and services include indexes and analytical models; ratings and analysis that enable institutional investors to integrate esg factors into their investment strategies; and analysis of real estate in both privately and publicly owned portfolios. clients use our products and services to help construct portfolios and allocate assets. the analytical content we provide through our products is enabled by applications and are the basis for the services that we provide to clients. our analytical tools and content help clients measure and manage risk across all major asset classes. our products and services can also be customized to meet the specific needs of our clients.
as of december 31, 2016, we had over 6,500 clients across 87 countries. to calculate the number of clients, we may count certain affiliates, user locations, or business units within a single organization as separate clients. if we aggregate all related clients under their respective parent entity, the number of clients would be approximately 3,900 as of december 31, 2016. we had offices in 33 cities in 21 countries to help serve our diverse client base, with 52.3% of our revenues coming from clients in the americas, 35.2% in europe, the middle east and africa ("emea") and 12.5% in asia and australia.
our principal business model is to license annual, recurring subscriptions to our products and services for use at specified locations, often by a given number of users or for a certain volume of services, for a fee, which is, in a majority of cases, paid up front. additionally, our recurring subscription offerings include our managed services offering, whereby we oversee the production of risk and performance reports on behalf of our clients. fees attributable to annual, recurring subscriptions are recorded as deferred revenues on our consolidated statement of financial condition and are recognized on our consolidated statement of income as the service is rendered. furthermore, a portion of our revenues comes from clients who use our indexes as the basis for index-linked investment products such as etfs or as the basis for passively managed funds and separate accounts. these clients commonly pay us a license fee, primarily in arrears, for the use of our intellectual property, primarily in arrears, based on the investment product's assets. we also generate revenues from certain exchanges that use our indexes as the basis for futures and options contracts and pay us a license fee, primarily in arrears, for the use of our intellectual property based on their volume of trades. in addition, we generate revenues from subscription agreements for the receipt of periodic benchmark reports, digests and other publications, which are most often associated with our real estate products that are recognized upon delivery of such reports or data updates. fees are primarily paid in arrears after the product is delivered. we also realize one-time fees related to customized reports, historical data sets and certain implementation and consulting services, as well as from certain products and services that are purchased on a non-renewal basis.
in evaluating our financial performance, we focus on revenue and profit growth, including gaap and non-gaap measures, for the company as a whole as well as by operating segment. in addition, we focus on operating metrics, including run rate, subscription sales and aggregate retention rate to manage the business. our business is not highly capital intensive and, as such, we expect to continue to convert a high percentage of our profits into
50
excess cash in the future. our growth strategy includes: (a) expanding and deepening our relationships with investment institutions worldwide; (b) developing new and enhancing existing product offerings, including combining existing product features or data derived from our products to create new products; and (c) seeking to acquire products, technologies, services and companies that will enhance, complement or expand our client base and product offerings.
key financial metrics and drivers we utilize a portfolio of key financial metrics to manage the company, including gaap and non-gaap measures. as detailed below, we review revenues by type and by segment, or major product line. we also review expenses by activity, which provides more transparency into how resources are being deployed. in addition, we utilize operating metrics including run rate, subscription sales and aggregate retention rate, to analyze past performance and to provide insight into our latest reported portfolio of recurring business.
in the discussion that follows, we provide variances excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations reflect the difference between the current period results as reported compared to the current period results recalculated using the foreign currency exchange rates in effect for the comparable prior period.
revenues our revenues are characterized by type, which broadly reflects the nature of how they are recognized or earned. our revenue types are recurring subscription, asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues. we also group our revenues by segment and provide the revenue type within each segment. see part 1, item 1. "business-our operating segments" above for additional details on the products and services that we offer.
recurring subscription revenues represent fees earned from clients primarily under renewable contracts or agreements and are recognized in most cases ratably over the term of the license or service pursuant to the contract terms. the contracts state the terms under which these fees are to be calculated. the fees are recognized as we provide the product and service to the client over the license period and are generally billed in advance, prior to the license start date. when implementation services are included, we recognize revenues ratably from the date the application is put into production through the end of the license period. revenues associated with implementation services, which are allocated based on msci's best estimated sales price for such implementation services, are recognized ratably over the useful life of those services. revenues from subscription agreements for the receipt of periodic benchmark reports, digests, and other publications, which are most often associated with our real estate benchmark business, are recognized upon delivery of such reports or data updates.
asset-based fees are principally recognized based on the estimated assets under management ("aum") linked to our indexes from independent third-party sources or the most recently reported information provided by the client. asset-based fees include revenues related to futures and options contracts linked to our indexes, which are primarily based on trading volumes.
non-recurring revenues primarily represent fees earned on products and services where we do not have renewal contracts and primarily include revenues for providing historical data, certain implementation services and other special client requests. based on the nature of the services provided, non-recurring revenues are recognized upon delivery or over the service period.
operating expenses we group our operating expenses into the following activity categories:
•   cost of revenues;

•   selling and marketing;

•   research and development ("r&amp;d");

•   general and administrative ("g&amp;a");

51
•   amortization of intangible assets; and

•   depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements.

costs are assigned to these activity categories based on the nature of the expense or, when not directly attributable, an estimate is allocated based on the type of effort involved.
cost of revenues cost of revenues consists of costs related to the production and servicing of our products and services and primarily includes related information technology costs, including data center, platform and infrastructure costs; costs to acquire, produce and maintain market data information; costs of research to support, maintain and rebalance existing products; costs of product management teams; costs of client service and consultant teams to support customer needs; as well as other support costs directly attributable to the cost of revenues including certain human resources, finance and legal costs.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses consists of costs associated with acquiring new clients or selling new products or product renewals to existing clients and primarily includes the costs of our sales force and marketing teams, as well as costs incurred in other groups associated with acquiring new business, including product management, research, technology and sales operations.
research and development r&d expenses consists of the costs to develop new or enhance existing products and the costs to develop new or improved technology and service platforms for the delivery of our products and services and primarily includes the costs of application development, quality and assurance, research, product management, project management and the technology support associated with these efforts.
general and administrative g&a expenses consists of costs primarily related to finance operations, human resources, office of the ceo, legal, corporate technology, corporate development and certain other administrative costs that are not directly attributed, but are instead allocated, to a product or service.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets expense relates to definite-lived intangible assets arising from past acquisitions and consists of customer relationships, trademarks and trade names, technology and software, proprietary processes and data and non-competition agreements. we amortize definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. definite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment when impairment indicators are present, and, if impaired, written down to fair value based on either discounted cash flows or appraised values. no impairment of intangible assets has been identified during any of the periods presented. we have no indefinite-lived intangibles.
depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements this category consists of expenses related to depreciating or amortizing the cost of furniture & fixtures, computer and related equipment and leasehold improvements over the estimated useful life of the assets.
other expense (income), net this category consists primarily of interest we pay on our outstanding indebtedness, interest we collect on cash and short-term investments, transition services income associated with our sale of iss, foreign currency exchange rate gains and losses as well as other non-operating income and expense items.
52
non-gaap financial measures adjusted ebitda
"adjusted ebitda," a measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as net income before income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, plus provision for income taxes, other expense (income), net, depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements, amortization of intangible assets and, at times, certain other transactions or adjustments.
"adjusted ebitda expenses," a measure used by management to assess operating performance, is defined as operating expenses less depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements and amortization of intangible assets.
adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses are believed to be meaningful measures of the operating performance of the company because they adjust for significant one-time, unusual or non-recurring items as well as eliminate the accounting effects of capital spending and acquisitions that do not directly affect what management considers to be the company's core operating performance in the period. all companies do not calculate adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses in the same way. these measures can differ significantly from company to company depending on, among other things, long-term strategic decisions regarding capital structure, the tax jurisdictions in which companies operate and capital investments. accordingly, the company's computation of the adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda expenses measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures computed by other companies.
run rate run rate is a key operating metric and is important because an increase or decrease in our run rate ultimately impacts our operating revenues. at the end of any period, we generally have subscription and investment product license agreements in place for a large portion of total revenues for the following 12 months. we measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as "run rate." see "-operating metrics-run rate" below for additional information on the calculation of this metric.
subscription sales subscription sales is a key operating metric and is important because new subscription sales increase our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues. see "-operating metrics-subscription sales" below for additional information.
aggregate retention rate another key operating metric is aggregate retention rate which is important because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues. see "-operating metrics-aggregate retention rate" below for additional information on the calculation of this metric.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). these accounting principles require us to make certain estimates and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. we believe the estimates and judgments upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time these estimates and judgments are made. to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our consolidated financial statements will be affected. see note 1, "introduction and basis of presentation-significant accounting policies," of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for a listing of our accounting policies.
53
factors affecting the comparability of results acquisition of insignis on october 16, 2015, the company completed the purchase of insignis for $6.5 million through its subsidiary investorforce. insignis is a financial data provider, including data on positions, transactions and complex instruments such as exchange-traded futures and options, otc swaps and foreign exchange spot and forward contracts. financial results for insignis are included within the analytics segment from the time of acquisition.
the purchase price allocations for the insignis acquisition were $4.2 million for goodwill, $2.2 million of identifiable intangible assets and $0.1 million for assets other than identifiable intangible assets. the results of insignis were included in our results of operations from its acquisition date of october 16, 2015. the insignis acquisition has not had a significant impact on our results of operations.
disposition of real estate occupiers on august 1, 2016, msci completed the sale of its real estate occupiers business. the value of the disposed assets and liabilities and the resulting gain on disposal were not material to the company.
share repurchases on february 4, 2014, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $300.0 million worth of shares of our common stock, which was subsequently increased to $850.0 million (the "2014 repurchase program"). on october 14, 2015, we exhausted the $850.0 million share repurchase authorization under the 2014 repurchase program.
on october 28, 2015, our board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $1.0 billion worth of shares of our common stock (the "2015 repurchase program"). on october 26, 2016, our board of directors approved an additional stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to $750.0 million worth of shares of our common stock (together with the $330.3 million remaining authorization under the 2015 repurchase program, the "2016 repurchase program"). share repurchases made pursuant to the 2016 repurchase program may take place in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions from time to time based on market and other conditions. this authorization may be modified, suspended or terminated by our board of directors at any time without prior notice.
on september 18, 2014, as part of the 2014 repurchase program, we entered into an asr agreement to initiate share repurchases aggregating $300.0 million (the "september 2014 asr agreement"). as a result of the september 2014 asr agreement, we repurchased approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock on september 19, 2014 and received approximately 1.2 million shares of our common stock on may 21, 2015 for a combined average price of $52.79 per share.
on june 2, 2015, we began purchasing shares of our common stock in the open market in accordance with sec rule 10b5-1.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, the company repurchased approximately 10.7 million shares at an average price of $62.63 per share for a total value of $670.8 million pursuant to open market repurchases.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the company repurchased approximately 10.3 million shares at an average price of $73.71 per share for a total value of $759.4 million pursuant to open market repurchases.
the weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate our diluted earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased by 12.2% compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the weighted average shares outstanding used to calculate our diluted earnings per share for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased by 5.8% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the decreases in both periods reflect the impact of the share repurchase programs, partially offset by the impact of restricted stock units and stock options that converted to shares.
54
senior notes and credit agreement on november 20, 2014, we completed our first private offering of $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.25% senior unsecured notes due 2024 (the "2024 senior notes") and also entered into a new $200.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit agreement (the "2014 revolving credit agreement"). we used the net proceeds from the offering of the 2024 senior notes, together with cash on hand, to repay in full our outstanding term loan indebtedness of $794.8 million, which bore interest at libor plus a margin of 2.25%.
on august 13, 2015, we completed a private offering of $800.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.75% senior notes due 2025 (the "2025 senior notes") and received $789.5 million, net of $10.5 million of debt issuance costs.
on august 4, 2016, we completed a private offering of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes due 2026 (the "2026 senior notes") and received $493.3 million, net of $6.7 million of debt issuance costs.
the annual interest expense related to these offerings for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $101.7 million. the annual interest expense related to these offerings in future years is expected to be approximately $116.0 million.
55
results of operations year ended december 31, 2016 compared to year ended december 31, 2015
the following table presents the results of operations for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,                   december 31,
2016                         2015                                                      increase/(decrease)
(in thousands, except per share data)
operating revenues                                      $1,150,669                     $1,075,013                     $75,656                        7.0   %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues                                           252,107                        267,695                     (15,588   )                   (5.8   %)
selling and marketing                                      166,666                        162,294                       4,372                        2.7   %
research and development                                    75,204                         77,320                      (2,116   )                   (2.7   %)
general and administrative                                  87,235                         86,007                       1,228                        1.4   %
amortization of intangible assets                           47,033                         46,910                         123                        0.3   %
depreciation and amortization of property,                  34,320                         30,889                       3,431                       11.1   %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                                   662,565                        671,115                      (8,550   )                   (1.3   %)
operating income                                           488,104                        403,898                      84,206                       20.8   %
other expense (income), net                                102,166                         54,344                      47,822                       88.0   %
income from continuing operations                          385,938                        349,554                      36,384                       10.4   %
before provision for income taxes provision for income taxes                                 125,083                        119,516                       5,567                        4.7   %
income from continuing operations                          260,855                        230,038                      30,817                       13.4   %
income (loss) from discontinued operations,                      -                         (6,390     )                 6,390                     (100.0   %)
net of income taxes net income                                                $260,855                       $223,648                     $37,207                       16.6   %
earnings per basic common share:
from continuing operations                                   $2.72                          $2.11                       $0.61                       28.9   %
from discontinued operations                                     -                          (0.06     )                  0.06                     (100.0   %)
earnings per basic common share                              $2.72                          $2.05                       $0.67                       32.7   %
earnings per diluted common share:
from continuing operations                                   $2.70                          $2.09                       $0.61                       29.2   %
from discontinued operations                                     -                          (0.06     )                  0.06                     (100.0   %)
earnings per diluted common share                            $2.70                          $2.03                       $0.67                       33.0   %
operating margin                                              42.4     %                     37.6     %
operating revenues our revenues are grouped by the following types: recurring subscription, asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues. we also group revenues by major product lines as follows: index, analytics and all other, which includes the esg and real estate product lines.
56
the following table presents operating revenues by recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                           2015                       increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
recurring subscriptions        $913,669                   $857,527                   $56,142                          6.5   %
asset-based fees                        210,229                    197,974                 12,255                     6.2   %
non-recurring                            26,771                     19,512                  7,259                    37.2   %
total operating revenues       $1,150,669                 $1,075,013                 $75,656                          7.0   %
total operating revenues grew 7.0% to $1,150.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $1,075.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.
revenue from recurring subscriptions increased 6.5% to $913.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $857.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in recurring subscription revenues was driven by growth from index products as well as higher revenues from analytics and esg products, partially offset by lower real estate products' revenues within the all other segment. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscription revenues would have increased 7.1% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
revenues from asset-based fees increased 6.2% to $210.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $198.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily driven by a 19.2% increase in non-etf passive funds, as well as a 34.8% increase in revenue from futures and options contracts linked to msci indexes. the average value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes increased $27.6 billion, or 6.6%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. approximately two-thirds of the underlying securities included in the aum of our index-linked investment products are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar.
the following table presents the value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes and the sequential change of such assets as of the end of each of the periods indicated:
period ended (1)

2015                                                                                      2016
(in billions)                                 march 31,            june 30,          september 30,               december 31,           march 31,             june 30,            september 30,            december 31, aum in etfs linked to msci indexes (2)           $418.0              $435.4          $390.2                            $433.4              $438.3               $439.7                   $474.9                  $481.4
sequential change in value market appreciation/                              $13.0               $(6.9   )      $(48.2            )                $14.5               $(1.7   )            $(2.5   )                $23.7                   $(8.7   )
(depreciation)
cash inflows                                       31.7                24.3          3.0                                 28.7                 6.6                  3.9                     11.5                    15.2
total change                                      $44.7               $17.4          $(45.2            )                $43.2                $4.9                 $1.4                    $35.2                    $6.5
source: bloomberg and msci
(1)   the historical values of the assets in etfs linked to our indexes as of the last day of the month and the monthly average balance can be found under the link "aum in etfs linked to msci indexes" on our investor relations homepage at http://ir.msci.com. this information is updated on the second u.s. business day of each month. information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k or any other report filed with the sec.

(2)   the value of assets under management in etfs linked to msci indexes is calculated by multiplying the etf net asset value by the number of shares outstanding.

as of december 31, 2016, the value of aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes was $481.4 billion, up
$48.0 billion, or 11.1%, from $433.4 billion as of december 31, 2015.
57
non-recurring revenues increased 37.2% to $26.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $19.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily resulting from higher one-time sales of index products.
the following table presents operating revenues by reportable segment and revenue type for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                           2015                       increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
index recurring subscriptions        $389,348                   $353,136                   $36,212                           10.3    %
asset-based fees                        210,229                    197,974                 12,255                       6.2    %
non-recurring                            13,974                      7,854                  6,120                      77.9    %
index total                             613,551                    558,964                 54,587                       9.8    %
analytics recurring subscriptions                 439,864                    426,725                 13,139                       3.1    %
non-recurring                             8,489                      6,699                  1,790                      26.7    %
analytics total                         448,353                    433,424                 14,929                       3.4    %
all other recurring subscriptions                  84,457                     77,666                  6,791                       8.7    %
non-recurring                             4,308                      4,959                   (651     )               (13.1   %)
all other total                          88,765                     82,625                  6,140                       7.4    %
total operating revenues       $1,150,669                 $1,075,013                 $75,656                            7.0    %
refer to the section titled, "segment results of operations" for an explanation of the results.
operating expenses operating expenses decreased 1.3% to $662.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $671.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, operating expenses would have increased 0.8% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
the following table presents operating expenses by activity for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                       2015                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating expenses:
cost of revenues                                 $252,107                   $267,695                   $(15,588          )               (5.8   %)
selling and marketing                                     166,666                    162,294                   4,372                      2.7   %
research and development                                   75,204                     77,320                  (2,116     )               (2.7   %)
general and administrative                                 87,235                     86,007                   1,228                      1.4   %
amortization of intangible assets                          47,033                     46,910           123                                0.3   %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 34,320                     30,889                   3,431                     11.1   %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $662,565                   $671,115                   $(8,550           )               (1.3   %)
58
cost of revenues cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased 5.8% to $252.1 million compared to $267.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by strong expense management, particularly in the analytics segment, as reflected by lower compensation and benefits costs attributable to a higher percentage of employees in emerging market centers, which have lower cost structures, and severance costs, as well as a decrease in non-compensation information technology and occupancy costs.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased 2.7% to $166.7 million compared to $162.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher incentive compensation, partially offset by lower salary expense and severance costs, as well as higher non-compensation marketing costs.
research and development r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased 2.7% to $75.2 million compared to $77.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to an increase in capitalized software development costs. the year ended december 31, 2015 includes a non-cash charge of $3.4 million related to the termination of a technology project in the analytics segment.
general and administrative g&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased 1.4% to $87.2 million compared to $86.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits costs, partially offset by lower non-compensation professional fees.
the following table presents operating expenses using compensation and non-compensation categories, rather than using activity categories, for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                       2015                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
compensation and benefits                        $414,322                   $426,238                   $(11,916       )                 (2.8   %)
non-compensation expenses                                 166,890                    167,078                  (188    )                 (0.1   %)
amortization of intangible assets                          47,033                     46,910           123                               0.3   %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 34,320                     30,889                  3,431                     11.1   %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $662,565                   $671,115                   $(8,550        )                 (1.3   %)
compensation and benefits costs are our most significant expense and typically represent more than 60% of our operating expenses or more than 70% of the combined total of the cost of revenues, selling and marketing, r&d and g&a expense categories. we had 2,862 employees as of december 31, 2016 compared to 2,754 employees as of december 31, 2015. our continued growth in emerging market centers around the world is an important factor in our ability to manage and control the growth of our compensation and benefits expenses. as of december 31, 2016, 56.2% of our employees were located in emerging market centers compared to 52.8% of our employees as of december 31, 2015.
compensation and benefits costs for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased 2.8% to $414.3 million compared to $426.2 million for year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to lower severance as well as higher capitalized software development costs. the higher capitalized software development costs includes a non-cash charge of $2.9 million related to the termination of a technology project in the analytics segment recognized during the year ended december 31, 2015.
59
non-compensation expenses for the year ended december 31, 2016 decreased 0.1% to $166.9 million compared to $167.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by a decrease in occupancy and professional fees, as well as a non-cash charge of $0.5 million related to the termination of a technology project in the analytics segment recognized during the year ended december 31, 2015. these decreases were partially offset by increases in costs primarily attributable to marketing.
amortization of intangibles amortization of intangibles expense for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 totaled $47.0 million and $46.9 million, respectively.
depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements totaled $34.3 million and $30.9 million, respectively. the 11.1% increase primarily reflected higher depreciation of investments made in our information technology infrastructure.
other expense (income), net other expense (income), net for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased 88.0% to $102.2 million compared to $54.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by $39.3 million of higher interest expense resulting from the increased level of indebtedness, a $3.7 million charge for estimated losses associated with miscellaneous transactions, as well as the impact of the $6.4 million from gains on the sale of investments realized in the year ended december 31, 2015.
income taxes the provision for income tax expense was $125.1 million and $119.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. these amounts reflect effective tax rates of 32.4% and 34.2% for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily driven by efforts to better align our tax profile with our global operating footprint. for the year ended december 31, 2016, 31.7% of income from continuing operations before provision for income taxes was generated by foreign operations compared to 19.1% for the year ended december 31, 2015.
the effective tax rate of 32.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016 reflects our operating tax rate adjusted for the impact of certain discrete items. included in the discrete items was the release of a reserve for uncertain tax positions related to an irs audit settlement. overall, the discrete items decreased our effective tax rate by 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2016.
the effective tax rate of 34.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects our operating tax rate adjusted for the impact of certain discrete items. included in the discrete items was a claim for an additional deduction related to u.s. production activities for prior years, which was partially offset by a provision for state tax liabilities related to prior years. overall, the discrete items decreased our effective tax rate by 0.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015.
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes on april 30, 2014, msci completed the sale of iss which is reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects the impact of a $6.4 million out-of-period income tax charge associated with tax obligations triggered upon the sale of iss.
60
net income as a result of the factors described above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased 16.6% to $260.9 million compared to $223.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.
adjusted ebitda the following table presents the calculation of the non-gaap adjusted ebitda measure for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                       2015                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:                  $1,150,669                 $1,075,013           $75,656                            7.0   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                581,212                    593,316                 (12,104   )                 (2.0   %)
adjusted ebitda                        $569,457                   $481,697           $87,760                           18.2   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   49.5   %                   44.8   %
operating margin %                         42.4   %                   37.6   %
adjusted ebitda increased 18.2% to $569.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $481.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. adjusted ebitda margin increased to 49.5% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 44.8% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the improvement in margin reflects higher growth in operating revenues in the index, analytics and esg product lines, combined with lower adjusted ebitda expenses, reflecting strong expense management.
reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income and adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                       2015                                               increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
index adjusted ebitda                             $431,478                   $392,987                        $38,491                        9.8    %
analytics adjusted ebitda                                  128,507                     95,468                 33,039                       34.6    %
all other adjusted ebitda                                    9,472                     (6,758   )             16,230                      240.2    %
consolidated adjusted ebitda                               569,457                    481,697                 87,760                       18.2    %
amortization of intangible assets                           47,033                     46,910                    123                        0.3    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                  34,320                     30,889                  3,431                       11.1    %
equipment and leasehold improvements operating income                                           488,104                    403,898                 84,206                       20.8    %
other expense (income), net                                102,166                     54,344                 47,822                       88.0    %
provision for income taxes                                 125,083                    119,516                  5,567                        4.7    %
income from continuing operations                          260,855                    230,038                 30,817                       13.4    %
income (loss) from discontinued operations,                      -                     (6,390   )              6,390                     (100.0   %)
net of income taxes net income                                        $260,855                   $223,648                        $37,207                       16.6    %
61
the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                       2015                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
index adjusted ebitda expenses                   $182,073                   $165,977                   $16,096                             9.7   %
analytics adjusted ebitda expenses                        319,846                    337,956                 (18,110     )                (5.4   %)
all other adjusted ebitda expenses                         79,293                     89,383                 (10,090     )               (11.3   %)
consolidated adjusted ebitda expenses                     581,212                    593,316                 (12,104     )                (2.0   %)
amortization of intangible assets                          47,033                     46,910           123                                 0.3   %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 34,320                     30,889                   3,431                      11.1   %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $662,565                   $671,115                   $(8,550           )                (1.3   %)
segment results the results for each of our three reportable segments for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 are presented below:
index segment the following table presents the results for the index segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                       2015                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                $389,348                   $353,136           $36,212                         10.3   %
asset-based fees                        210,229                    197,974                 12,255                     6.2   %
non-recurring                            13,974                      7,854                  6,120                    77.9   %
operating revenues total                613,551                    558,964                 54,587                     9.8   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                182,073                    165,977                 16,096                     9.7   %
adjusted ebitda                        $431,478                   $392,987           $38,491                          9.8   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   70.3   %                   70.3   %
revenues related to index products increased 9.8% to $613.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $559.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.
revenues from recurring subscriptions were up 10.3% to $389.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $353.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily driven by growth in benchmark and data products. the impact on total recurring subscriptions from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations was not significant.
revenues from asset-based fees increased 6.2% to $210.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $198.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was driven by a 19.2% increase in non-etf passive funds, as well as a 34.8% increase in revenue from futures and options contracts based on msci indexes. revenue from etfs linked to msci indexes was essentially flat for full-year 2016, driven by the impact of a change in the product mix that offset a 6.6% increase in average aum. average aum in etfs linked to msci indexes increased 6.6% to $446.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $418.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by cash inflows and market appreciation.
62
index segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 9.7% to $182.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $166.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily reflecting higher selling and marketing and r&d activities. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 12.2% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
analytics segment the following table presents the results for the analytics segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2016                       2015                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                $439,864                   $426,725           $13,139                            3.1   %
non-recurring                             8,489                      6,699                   1,790                     26.7   %
operating revenues total                448,353                    433,424                  14,929                      3.4   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                319,846                    337,956                 (18,110   )                 (5.4   %)
adjusted ebitda                        $128,507                    $95,468           $33,039                           34.6   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   28.7   %                   22.0   %
our analytics segment revenues increased 3.4% to $448.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $433.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher revenues from riskmanager, equity models and investorforce products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics segment revenues would have increased 4.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
analytics segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 5.4% to $319.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $338.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to a decline in cost of revenues and r&d. the decrease in r&d reflects the impact of a non-cash charge of $3.4 million related to the termination of a technology project recognized during the year ended december 31, 2015. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have decreased 3.6% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
all other segment the following table presents the results for the all other segment, which consists of the esg and real estate product lines, for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,           december 31,
2016                      2015                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                $84,457           $77,666                    $6,791                              8.7   %
non-recurring                            4,308                     4,959                     (651   )                 (13.1   %)
operating revenues total                88,765                    82,625                    6,140                       7.4   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                79,293                    89,383                  (10,090   )                 (11.3   %)
adjusted ebitda                         $9,472           $(6,758           )        $16,230                           240.2   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                  10.7   %                  (8.2   %)
all other segment revenues increased 7.4% to $88.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $82.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven by a $7.4 million, or 19.6%, increase in esg revenues to $45.0 million, partially offset by a $1.2 million, or 2.7%, decrease in revenues from real estate products
63
to $43.8 million. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and the divestiture of the real estate occupiers business, real estate revenues would have increased 7.9% and all other segment revenues would have increased 13.4% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
all other segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 11.3% to $79.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to $89.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by lower costs attributable to real estate, partially offset by esg costs, mainly related to higher r&d and selling and marketing. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have decreased 8.0% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
the following table presents the results of operations for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,                   december 31,
2015                         2014                                 increase/(decrease)
(in thousands, except per share data)
operating revenues                                      $1,075,013                       $996,680               $78,333                               7.9   %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues                                           267,695                        276,623                       (8,928   )                   (3.2   %)
selling and marketing                                      162,294                        163,839                       (1,545   )                   (0.9   %)
research and development                                    77,320                         71,095                        6,225                        8.8   %
general and administrative                                  86,007                         76,369                        9,638                       12.6   %
amortization of intangible assets                           46,910                         45,877                        1,033                        2.3   %
depreciation and amortization of property,                  30,889                         25,711                        5,178                       20.1   %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                                   671,115                        659,514                       11,601                        1.8   %
operating income                                           403,898                        337,166                       66,732                       19.8   %
other expense (income), net                                 54,344                         28,828                       25,516                       88.5   %
income from continuing operations                          349,554                        308,338                       41,216                       13.4   %
before provision for income taxes provision for income taxes                                 119,516                        109,396                       10,120                        9.3   %
income from continuing operations                          230,038                        198,942                       31,096                       15.6   %
income (loss) from discontinued operations,                 (6,390     )                   85,171                      (91,561   )                 (107.5   %)
net of income taxes net income                                                $223,648                       $284,113               $(60,465         )                  (21.3   %)
earnings per basic common share:
from continuing operations                                   $2.11                          $1.72               $0.39                                22.7   %
from discontinued operations                                 (0.06     )                     0.73                        (0.79   )                 (108.2   %)
earnings per basic common share                              $2.05                          $2.45               $(0.40           )                  (16.3   %)
earnings per diluted common share:
from continuing operations                                   $2.09                          $1.70               $0.39                                22.9   %
from discontinued operations                                 (0.06     )                     0.73                        (0.79   )                 (108.2   %)
earnings per diluted common share                            $2.03                          $2.43               $(0.40           )                  (16.5   %)
operating margin                                              37.6     %                     33.8     %
64
operating revenues the following table presents operating revenues by recurring subscriptions, asset-based fees and non-recurring revenues for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                           2014                       increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
recurring subscriptions        $857,527                   $801,183                   $56,344                          7.0   %
asset-based fees                        197,974                    177,105                 20,869                    11.8   %
non-recurring                            19,512                     18,392                  1,120                     6.1   %
total operating revenues       $1,075,013                 $996,680                   $78,333                          7.9   %
total operating revenues grew 7.9% to $1,075.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $996.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
revenue from recurring subscriptions increased 7.0% to $857.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $801.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in subscription revenues was primarily driven by growth from index products as well as higher analytics products' revenues, partially offset by lower real estate products' revenues within our all other segment. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscriptions revenues would have increased 8.8% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
revenues from asset-based fees increased 11.8% to $198.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $177.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was driven by higher average aum in both etfs and non-etf passive funds as well as higher trading volumes in futures and options contracts, all linked to msci indexes. the average value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes increased $56.3 billion, or 15.5%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. approximately two-thirds of the underlying securities included in the aum of our index-linked investment products are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar.
the following table presents the value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes and the sequential change of such assets as of the end of each of the periods indicated:
period ended

2014                                                                                      2015
(in billions)                     march 31,            june 30,         september 30,            december 31,               march 31,            june 30,          september 30,               december 31, aum in etfs linked to                $340.8              $378.7         $377.9                   $373.3                        $418.0              $435.4          $390.2                            $433.4
msci indexes (1)
sequential change in value market appreciation/                   $1.3               $15.2         $(17.2            )      $(8.3             )            $13.0               $(6.9   )      $(48.2            )                $14.5
(depreciation)
cash inflows                            6.6                22.7         16.4                     3.7                             31.7                24.3          3.0                                 28.7
total change                           $7.9               $37.9         $(0.8             )      $(4.6             )            $44.7               $17.4          $(45.2            )                $43.2
source: bloomberg and msci
(1)   the value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes is calculated by multiplying the etf net asset value by the number of shares outstanding.

as of december 31, 2015, the value of aum in etfs linked to msci equity indexes was $433.4 billion, up
65
$60.1 billion, or 16.1%, from $373.3 billion as of december 31, 2014.
non-recurring revenues increased 6.1% to $19.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $18.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily resulting from higher one-time sales of index and analytics products, partially offset by lower one-time sales of real estate products within our all other segment.
the following table presents operating revenues by reportable segment and revenue type for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
index recurring subscriptions        $353,136                   $320,113                   $33,023                           10.3    %
asset-based fees                        197,974                    177,105                 20,869                      11.8    %
non-recurring                             7,854                      6,674                  1,180                      17.7    %
index total                             558,964                    503,892                 55,072                      10.9    %
analytics recurring subscriptions                 426,725                    409,766                 16,959                       4.1    %
non-recurring                             6,699                      4,319                  2,380                      55.1    %
analytics total                         433,424                    414,085                 19,339                       4.7    %
all other recurring subscriptions                  77,666                     71,304                  6,362                       8.9    %
non-recurring                             4,959                      7,399                 (2,440     )               (33.0   %)
all other total                          82,625                     78,703                  3,922                       5.0    %
total operating revenues       $1,075,013                 $996,680                   $78,333                            7.9    %
refer to the section titled, "segment results of operations" for an explanation of the results.
operating expenses operating expenses increased 1.8% to $671.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $659.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, operating expenses would have increased 5.8% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
we had 2,754 employees as of december 31, 2015 compared to 2,926 employees as of december 31, 2014. as of december 31, 2015, 52.8% of our employees were located in emerging market centers compared to 50.5% of our employees as of december 31, 2014.
66
the following table presents operating expenses by activity for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating expenses:
cost of revenues                                 $267,695                   $276,623                   $(8,928          )               (3.2   %)
selling and marketing                                     162,294                    163,839                 (1,545     )               (0.9   %)
research and development                                   77,320                     71,095                  6,225                      8.8    %
general and administrative                                 86,007                     76,369                  9,638                     12.6    %
amortization of intangible assets                          46,910                     45,877                  1,033                      2.3    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 30,889                     25,711                  5,178                     20.1    %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $671,115                   $659,514                   $11,601                           1.8    %
cost of revenues cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased 3.2% to $267.7 million compared to $276.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by lower non-compensation costs reflecting strong cost discipline as well as the impact of compensation primarily driven by lower staffing levels, partially offset by higher severance costs.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased 0.9% to $162.3 million compared to $163.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by lower costs related to marketing and travel & entertainment, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits primarily related to higher severance costs.
research and development r&d expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased 8.8% to $77.3 million compared to $71.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits costs as a result of more r&d projects, higher severance and lower net capitalized costs related to internally developed software. the reduction in net capitalized costs is the result of the reversal of a technology project in the analytics segment of $3.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to a $1.0 million reversal for the year ended december 31, 2014.
general and administrative g&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased 12.6% to $86.0 million compared to $76.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits costs as well as higher professional fees.
67
the following table presents operating expenses using compensation and non-compensation categories, rather than using activity categories, for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
compensation and benefits                        $426,238                   $412,550                   $13,688                           3.3    %
non-compensation expenses                                 167,078                    175,376                 (8,298     )               (4.7   %)
amortization of intangible assets                          46,910                     45,877                  1,033                      2.3    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 30,889                     25,711                  5,178                     20.1    %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $671,115                   $659,514                   $11,601                           1.8    %
compensation and benefits costs for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased 3.3% to $426.2 million compared to $412.6 million for year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily impacted by higher costs related to severance and benefits, as well as lower capitalized labor costs related to internally developed software.
non-compensation expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased 4.7% to $167.1 million compared to $175.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily reflecting decreases in travel & entertainment, recruiting and marketing, partially offset by increases in information technology.
amortization of intangibles amortization of intangibles expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased 2.3% to $46.9 million compared to $45.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily resulting from the amortization of our capitalized software.
depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and leasehold improvements totaled $30.9 million and $25.7 million, respectively. the 20.1% increase primarily reflected higher depreciation of investments made in our information technology infrastructure.
other expense (income), net other expense (income), net for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased to $54.3 million compared to $28.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, with the increase primarily driven by $30.6 million of higher interest expense resulting from the higher interest rates associated with our senior notes and the increased level of indebtedness, partially offset by $6.4 million from gains on the sale of investments realized in the year ended december 31, 2015.
income taxes the provision for income tax expense was $119.5 million and $109.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these amounts reflect effective tax rates of 34.2% and 35.5% for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the effective tax rate of 34.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects our operating tax rate adjusted for the impact of certain discrete items. included in the discrete items was a claim for an additional deduction related to u.s. production activities for prior years, which was partially offset by a provision for state tax liabilities related to prior years. overall, the discrete items decreased our effective tax rate by 0.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015.
68
the effective tax rate of 35.5% for the year ended december 31, 2014 reflects our operating rate adjusted for the impact of certain discrete items that increased our effective tax rate by 0.3 percentage points. included in our effective tax rate was the benefit of the 2014 federal research and development credit, the effect of which reduced our full year effective tax rate by 0.9 percentage points.
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes on april 30, 2014, msci completed the sale of iss for cash consideration of $367.4 million which is reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements. loss from discontinued operations, net of income taxes, for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects the impact of a $6.4 million out-of-period income tax charge associated with tax obligations triggered upon the sale of iss. income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes was $85.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 and the results included a net gain of $78.7 million resulting from the disposition of iss.
net income as a result of the factors described above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased 21.3% to $223.6 million compared to $284.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
adjusted ebitda the following table presents the calculation of the non-gaap adjusted ebitda measure for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:                  $1,075,013                   $996,680           $78,333                         7.9   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                593,316                    587,926                 5,390                     0.9   %
adjusted ebitda                        $481,697                   $408,754           $72,943                        17.8   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   44.8   %                   41.0   %
operating margin %                         37.6   %                   33.8   %
adjusted ebitda increased 17.8% to $481.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $408.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. adjusted ebitda margin increased to 44.8% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 41.0% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the improvement in margin reflects higher growth in revenues, outpacing the growth in expenses, attributable, in part, to the benefits of the incremental investments we made in 2014 and prior.
69
reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income and adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
index adjusted ebitda                             $392,987                   $349,685                   $43,302                              12.4   %
analytics adjusted ebitda                                   95,468                     72,173                   23,295                       32.3   %
all other adjusted ebitda                                   (6,758   )                (13,104   )                6,346                       48.4   %
consolidated adjusted ebitda                               481,697                    408,754                   72,943                       17.8   %
amortization of intangible assets                           46,910                     45,877                    1,033                        2.3   %
depreciation and amortization of property,                  30,889                     25,711                    5,178                       20.1   %
equipment and leasehold improvements operating income                                           403,898                    337,166                   66,732                       19.8   %
other expense (income), net                                 54,344                     28,828                   25,516                       88.5   %
provision for income taxes                                 119,516                    109,396                   10,120                        9.3   %
income from continuing operations                          230,038                    198,942                   31,096                       15.6   %
income (loss) from discontinued operations,                 (6,390   )                 85,171                  (91,561     )               (107.5   %)
net of income taxes net income                                        $223,648                   $284,113                   $(60,465           )                (21.3   %)
the following table presents the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda expenses to operating expenses for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
index adjusted ebitda expenses                   $165,977                   $154,207                   $11,770                           7.6    %
analytics adjusted ebitda expenses                        337,956                    341,912                 (3,956     )               (1.2   %)
all other adjusted ebitda expenses                         89,383                     91,807                 (2,424     )               (2.6   %)
consolidated adjusted ebitda expenses                     593,316                    587,926                  5,390                      0.9    %
amortization of intangible assets                          46,910                     45,877                  1,033                      2.3    %
depreciation and amortization of property,                 30,889                     25,711                  5,178                     20.1    %
equipment and leasehold improvements total operating expenses                         $671,115                   $659,514                   $11,601                           1.8    %
segment results the results for each of our three reportable segments for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 are presented below:
70
index segment the following table presents the results for the index segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                $353,136                   $320,113           $33,023                         10.3   %
asset-based fees                        197,974                    177,105                 20,869                    11.8   %
non-recurring                             7,854                      6,674                  1,180                    17.7   %
operating revenues total                558,964                    503,892                 55,072                    10.9   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                165,977                    154,207                 11,770                     7.6   %
adjusted ebitda                        $392,987                   $349,685           $43,302                         12.4   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   70.3   %                   69.4   %
revenues related to index products increased 10.9% to $559.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $503.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
recurring subscription revenues were up 10.3% to $353.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $320.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily driven by solid growth in benchmark and data products broadly, including strong growth in market cap products, combined with higher growth in factor, esg and thematic products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscription revenues would have increased 11.1% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
revenues from asset-based fees increased 11.8% to $198.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $177.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily driven by an increase in revenue from etfs, as well as strong growth in revenues from non-etf institutional passive funds and exchange-traded futures and options linked to msci indexes. average aum in etfs linked to msci indexes increased $56.3 billion, or 15.5%, to $418.8 billion primarily driven by cash inflows, partially offset by market depreciation.
index segment adjusted ebitda expenses increased 7.6% to $166.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $154.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase primarily reflects higher compensation and benefits costs associated with our selling, development and g&a activities. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 12.6% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
analytics segment the following table presents the results for the analytics segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions                $426,725                   $409,766           $16,959                           4.1   %
non-recurring                             6,699                      4,319                  2,380                     55.1   %
operating revenues total                433,424                    414,085                 19,339                      4.7   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                337,956                    341,912                 (3,956   )                 (1.2   %)
adjusted ebitda                         $95,468                    $72,173           $23,295                          32.3   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                   22.0   %                   17.4   %
71
our analytics segment revenues increased 4.7% to $433.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $414.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily driven by higher revenues from riskmanager, barraone and investorforce products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics segment revenues would have increased 6.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
analytics segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 1.2% to $338.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $341.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was due to a decline in cost of revenues and selling and marketing costs, partially offset by increases in g&a and r&d. the increase in r&d was primarily the result of the reversal of previously capitalized software costs associated with a technology project. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 2.3% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
all other segment the following table presents the results for the all other segment for the years indicated:
years ended

december 31,               december 31,
2015                       2014                           increase/(decrease)
(in thousands)
operating revenues:
recurring subscriptions        $77,666                    $71,304                    $6,362                             8.9   %
non-recurring                            4,959                      7,399                  (2,440   )                 (33.0   %)
operating revenues total                82,625                     78,703                   3,922                       5.0   %
adjusted ebitda expenses                89,383                     91,807                  (2,424   )                  (2.6   %)
adjusted ebitda                $(6,758           )        $(13,104          )        $6,346                            48.4   %
adjusted ebitda margin %                  (8.2   %)                 (16.6   %)
all other segment revenues increased 5.0% to $82.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $78.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was driven by $9.3 million, or 32.9%, rise in revenues from our esg products, partially offset by $5.4 million, or 10.7%, decline in revenues from real estate products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, all other segment revenues would have increased 12.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, of which real estate revenues would have increased 0.4%.
all other segment adjusted ebitda expenses decreased 2.6% to $89.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $91.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily driven by lower compensation and benefits costs and non-compensation costs attributable to real estate, partially offset by higher compensation and benefits costs related to esg. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, adjusted ebitda expenses would have increased 4.0% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
operating metrics run rate at the end of any period, we generally have subscription and investment product license agreements in place for a large portion of total revenues for the following 12 months. we measure the fees related to these agreements and refer to this as "run rate." the run rate at a particular point in time primarily represents the forward-looking revenues for the next 12 months from then-current subscriptions and investment product licenses we provide to our clients under renewable contracts or agreements assuming all contracts or agreements that come up for renewal are renewed and assuming then-current currency exchange rates. for any license where fees are linked to an investment
72
product's assets or trading volume, the run rate calculation reflects, for etfs, the market value on the last trading day of the period, for futures and options, the most recent quarterly volumes and for non-etf funds, the most recent client reported assets under such license or subscription. the run rate does not include fees associated with "one-time" and other non-recurring transactions. in addition, we remove from the run rate the fees associated with any subscription or investment product license agreement with respect to which we have received a notice of termination or non-renewal during the period and determined that such notice evidences the client's final decision to terminate or not renew the applicable subscription or agreement, even though such notice is not effective until a later date.
because the run rate represents potential future revenues, there is typically a delayed impact on our operating revenues from changes in our run rate. in addition, the actual amount of revenues we will realize over the following 12 months will differ from the run rate because of:
•   fluctuations in revenues associated with new subscriptions and non-recurring sales;

•   modifications, cancellations and non-renewals of existing agreements, subject to specified notice requirements;

•   fluctuations in asset-based fees, which may result from changes in certain investment products' total expense ratios, market movements, including foreign currency exchange rates, or from investment inflows into and outflows from investment products linked to our indexes;

•   fluctuations in fees based on trading volumes of futures and options contracts linked to our indexes;

•   fluctuations in the number of hedge funds for which we provide investment information and risk analysis to hedge fund investors;

•   price changes;

•   revenue recognition differences under u.s. gaap, including those related to the timing of implementation and report deliveries for certain of our products and services;

•   fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; and

•   the impact of acquisitions and dispositions.

changes in run rate between periods may be attributable to, among other things, increases from new subscriptions, decreases from cancellations, increases or decreases, as the case may be, from the change in the value of assets of investment products linked to msci indexes, the change in trading volumes of futures and options contracts linked to msci indexes, price changes, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the impact of acquisitions and dispositions.
the following table presents run rates by reportable segment as of the dates indicated and the growth percentages over the years indicated:
as of                                                   comparison of

december 31,               december 31,               december 31,      december 31,                december 31,
2016                       2015                       2014      2016 to 2015                2015 to 2014
(in thousands)
index:
recurring subscriptions                 $406,729                   $368,855                   $335,277              10.3    %                   10.0   %
asset-based fees                         216,982                    201,047                    174,558               7.9    %                   15.2   %
index total                              623,711                    569,902                    509,835               9.4    %                   11.8   %
analytics                                451,533                    436,671                    417,677               3.4    %                    4.5   %
all other                                 88,074                     82,677                     79,213               6.5    %                    4.4   %
total run rate                        $1,163,318                 $1,089,250                 $1,006,725               6.8    %                    8.2   %
recurring subscriptions total           $946,336                   $888,203                   $832,167               6.5    %                    6.7   %
asset-based fees                         216,982                    201,047                    174,558               7.9    %                   15.2   %
total run rate                        $1,163,318                 $1,089,250                 $1,006,725               6.8    %                    8.2   %
73
december 31, 2016 compared to december 31, 2015
total run rate grew 6.8% to $1,163.3 million as of december 31, 2016 compared to $1,089.3 million as of december 31, 2015. recurring subscription run rate grew 6.5% to $946.3 million as of december 31, 2016 compared to $888.2 million as of december 31, 2015. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscription run rate would have increased 7.2% as of december 31, 2016 compared to december 31, 2015.
run rate from asset-based fees increased 7.9% to $217.0 million as of december 31, 2016, from $201.0 million as of december 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher aum in non-etf passive funds and etfs as well as increases in futures and options contracts, all linked to msci indexes. as of december 31, 2016, the value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes was $481.4 billion, up $48.0 billion, or 11.1%, from $433.4 billion as of december 31, 2015. the increase of $48.0 billion consisted of net inflows of $37.2 billion and market depreciation of $10.8 billion.
index recurring subscription run rate grew 10.3% to $406.7 million as of december 31, 2016 compared to $368.9 million as of december 31, 2015, driven by growth in core products, factor and thematic products and usage fees. there was a negligible impact from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on index recurring subscription run rate as of december 31, 2016 compared to december 31, 2015.
run rate from analytics products increased 3.4% to $451.5 million as of december 31, 2016 compared to $436.7 million as of december 31, 2015, primarily driven by growth in sales of equity models as well as riskmanager, barraone and investorforce products. adjusting for the impact from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, analytics run rate would have increased 3.8% as of december 31, 2016 compared to december 31, 2015.
run rate from all other products increased 6.5% to $88.1 million at december 31, 2016 compared to $82.7 million at december 31, 2015, driven by an $8.9 million, or 22.0%, increase in esg run rate to $49.2 million, partially offset by a $3.5 million, or 8.2%, decrease in real estate run rate to $38.9 million. the increase in esg run rate was driven by strong sales of esg ratings products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and the divestiture of the real estate occupiers business, real estate run rate would have increased 5.2% and all other run rate would have increased 14.8%, in each case as of december 31, 2016 compared to december 31, 2015.
december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014
total run rate grew 8.2% to $1,089.3 million as of december 31, 2015 compared to $1,006.7 million as of december 31, 2014. recurring subscription run rate grew 6.7% to $888.2 million as of december 31, 2015 compared to $832.2 million as of december 31, 2014. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, recurring subscription run rate would have increased 7.9% as of december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014.
run rate from asset-based fees increased 15.2% to $201.0 million at december 31, 2015, from $174.6 million at december 31, 2014, primarily driven by higher aum in etfs and non-etf passive funds as well as increases in futures and options contracts, all linked to msci indexes. as of december 31, 2015, the value of aum in etfs linked to msci indexes was $433.4 billion, up $60.1 billion, or 16.1%, from $373.3 billion as of december 31, 2014. the increase of $60.1 billion consisted of net inflows of $87.7 billion, partially offset by market depreciation of $27.6 billion.
index recurring subscription run rate grew 10.0% to $368.9 million at december 31, 2015 compared to $335.3 million at december 31, 2014 on growth in benchmark and data products.
total run rate from analytics products increased 4.5% to $436.7 million at december 31, 2015 compared to $417.7 million at december 31, 2014, primarily driven by growth in riskmanager, equity models and investorforce
74
products. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, run rate for analytics would have increased 6.0% as of december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014.
total run rate from all other products increased 4.4% to $82.7 million at december 31, 2015 compared to $79.2 million at december 31, 2014.
esg products run rate increased 16.8% to $40.3 million at december 31, 2015 compared to $34.5 million at december 31, 2014. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, run rate would have increased 19.5% as of december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014.
real estate products run rate decreased 5.2% to $42.4 million at december 31, 2015 compared to $44.7 million at december 31, 2014. adjusting for the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, run rate would have increased 1.9% as of december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014.
subscription sales the following table presents our recurring subscription sales, cancellations and non-recurring sales by reportable segment for the years indicated:
years ended                                                    comparison of

december 31,               december 31,               december 31,          december 31,                december 31,
2016                       2015                       2014                          2016 to 2015                2015 to 2014
(in thousands)
new recurring subscription sales index                                                     $55,279                    $49,521                    $44,547                  11.6    %                   11.2    %
analytics                                                  55,255                     52,819                     55,588                   4.6    %                   (5.0   %)
all other                                                  19,978                     16,657                     17,508                  19.9    %                   (4.9   %)
new recurring subscription sales total                    130,512                    118,997                    117,643                   9.7    %                    1.2    %
subscription cancellations index                                                     (17,417   )                (16,254   )                (14,310   )               7.2    %                   13.6    %
analytics                                                 (39,205   )                (29,362   )                (33,172   )              33.5    %                  (11.5   %)
all other                                                  (8,288   )                 (9,042   )                 (7,173   )              (8.3   %)                   26.1    %
subscription cancellations total                          (64,910   )                (54,658   )                (54,655   )              18.8    %                      -    %
net new recurring subscription sales index                                                      37,862                     33,267                     30,237                  13.8    %                   10.0    %
analytics                                                  16,050                     23,457                     22,416                 (31.6   %)                    4.6    %
all other                                                  11,690                      7,615                     10,335                  53.5    %                  (26.3   %)
net new recurring subscription sales total                 65,602                     64,339                     62,988                   2.0    %                    2.1    %
non-recurring sales index                                                      17,850                      8,964                      8,956                  99.1    %                    0.1    %
analytics                                                   8,830                      7,286                      4,837                  21.2    %                   50.6    %
all other                                                   4,247                      4,880                      6,377                 (13.0   %)                  (23.5   %)
non-recurring sales total                                  30,927                     21,130                     20,170                  46.4    %                    4.8    %
gross sales index                                                     $73,129                    $58,485                    $53,503                  25.0    %                    9.3    %
analytics                                                  64,085                     60,105                     60,425                   6.6    %                   (0.5   %)
all other                                                  24,225                     21,537                     23,885                  12.5    %                   (9.8   %)
total gross sales                                        $161,439                   $140,127                   $137,813                  15.2    %                    1.7    %
net sales index                                                     $55,712                    $42,231                    $39,193                  31.9    %                    7.8    %
analytics                                                  24,880                     30,743                     27,253                 (19.1   %)                   12.8    %
all other                                                  15,937                     12,495                     16,712                  27.5    %                  (25.2   %)
total net sales                                           $96,529                    $85,469                    $83,158                  12.9    %                    2.8    %
75
aggregate retention rate another key metric is our "aggregate retention rate." this metric is important because subscription cancellations decrease our run rate and ultimately our operating revenues. the annual aggregate retention rate represents the retained subscription run rate (beginning subscription run rate less actual cancels during the year) as a percentage of the subscription run rate at the beginning of the fiscal year. if a client reduces the number of products to which it subscribes or switches between our products, we treat it as a cancellation for purposes of calculating our aggregate retention rate. our aggregate retention rate is computed on a product-by-product basis. in addition, we treat any reduction in fees resulting from renegotiated contracts as a cancellation in the calculation to the extent of the reduction. we do not calculate aggregate retention rate for that portion of our run rate attributable to assets in investment products linked to our indexes or futures and options contracts linked to our indexes. aggregate retention rate for a non-annual period reflects the annualization of the cancels recorded in the period.
the following table presents our aggregate retention rate by reportable segment and product category for the periods indicated for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014:
index         analytics         all other         total

2016
three months ended march 31,          96.3   %          94.6   %          92.2   %      95.1   %
three months ended june 30,           95.6   %          91.7   %          89.2   %      93.1   %
three months ended september 30,      95.8   %          90.4   %          90.8   %      92.7   %
three months ended december 31,       93.4   %          87.4   %          87.8   %      89.9   %
year ended december 31,               95.3   %          91.0   %          90.0   %      92.7   %
2015
three months ended march 31,          97.2   %          92.9   %          90.7   %      94.4   %
three months ended june 30,           95.4   %          93.8   %          90.7   %      94.2   %
three months ended september 30,      95.4   %          95.3   %          89.1   %      94.8   %
three months ended december 31,       92.7   %          89.9   %          83.9   %      90.4   %
year ended december 31,               95.2   %          93.0   %          88.6   %      93.4   %
2014
three months ended march 31,          95.4   %          90.9   %          92.4   %      92.8   %
three months ended june 30,           95.3   %          92.4   %          88.5   %      93.2   %
three months ended september 30,      95.3   %          94.2   %          94.3   %      94.6   %
three months ended december 31,       95.2   %          89.7   %          83.9   %      91.3   %
year ended december 31,               95.3   %          91.8   %          89.5   %      93.0   %
the quarterly aggregate retention rate is calculated by annualizing the actual cancellations recorded during the quarter. this annualized cancellation figure is then divided by the subscription run rate at the beginning of the year to calculate a cancellation rate. this cancellation rate is then subtracted from 100% to derive the annualized aggregate retention rate for the quarter.
for example, in the fourth quarter of 2016, we recorded cancellations of $22.3 million. to derive the aggregate retention rate for the fourth quarter, we annualized the actual cancellations during the quarter of $22.3 million to derive $89.4 million of annualized cancellations. this $89.4 million was then divided by the $888.2 million subscription run rate at the beginning of the year to derive a cancellation rate of 10.1%. the 10.1% was then subtracted from 100.0% to derive an aggregate retention rate of 89.9% for the fourth quarter.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, 34.4% of our cancellations occurred in the fourth quarter. historically, the aggregate retention rate has generally been higher during the first three quarters and lower in the fourth quarter, as the fourth quarter is traditionally the largest renewal period in the year.
76
liquidity and capital resources we require capital to fund ongoing operations, internal growth initiatives and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from our operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and credit capacity under our existing credit facilities. in addition, we believe we have access to additional funding in the public and private markets. we intend to use these sources of liquidity to, among other things, service our existing and future debt obligations and fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, dividend payments and repurchases of our common stock. in connection with our business strategy, we regularly evaluate acquisition opportunities. we believe our liquidity, along with other financing alternatives, will provide the necessary capital to fund these transactions and achieve our planned growth.
senior notes and credit agreement as of december 31, 2016, we had $2.1 billion of outstanding indebtedness in the form of senior notes and a related interest expense of $101.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. we also maintain a $220.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit agreement, which was undrawn as of december 31, 2016.
the 2024 senior notes are scheduled to mature and be paid in full on november 15, 2024. at any time prior to november 15, 2019, we may redeem all or part of the 2024 senior notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus (ii) a make-whole premium as of the date of redemption, plus (iii) accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, thereon, to the date of redemption. in addition, we may redeem all or part of the 2024 senior notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after november 15, 2019, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing our 2024 senior notes. at any time prior to november 15, 2017, we may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2024 senior notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to 105.25% of the principal amount.
the 2025 senior notes are scheduled to mature and be paid in full on august 15, 2025. at any time prior to august 15, 2020, we may redeem all or part of the 2025 senior notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus (ii) a make-whole premium as of the date of redemption, plus (iii) accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, thereon, to the date of redemption. in addition, we may redeem all or part of the 2025 senior notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after august 15, 2020, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing our 2025 senior notes. at any time prior to august 15, 2018, we may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2025 senior notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to 105.75% of the principal amount.
the 2026 senior notes are scheduled to mature and be paid in full on august 1, 2026. at any time prior to august 1, 2021, the company may redeem all or part of the 2026 senior notes upon not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' prior notice at a redemption price equal to the sum of (i) 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus (ii) a make-whole premium as of the date of redemption, plus (iii) accrued and unpaid interest and additional interest, if any, thereon, to the date of redemption. in addition, the company may redeem all or part of the 2026 senior notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest, on or after august 1, 2021, at redemption prices set forth in the indenture governing the 2026 senior notes. at any time prior to august 1, 2019, the company may use the proceeds of certain equity offerings to redeem up to 35% of the aggregate principal amount of the 2026 senior notes, including any permitted additional notes, at a redemption price equal to 104.75% of the principal amount.
interest payments attributable to the 2024 senior notes are due on may 15 and november 15 of each year. the first interest payment was made on may 15, 2015. interest payments attributable to the 2025 senior notes are due on february 15 and august 15 of each year. the first interest payment was made on february 16, 2016. interest payments attributable to the 2026 senior notes are due on february 1 and august 1 of each year. the first interest payment was made on february 1, 2017.
on august 4, 2016, we entered into amendment no. 1 (the "amendment") to the 2014 revolving credit agreement (the 2014 revolving credit agreement as so amended, the "revolving credit agreement"). the amendment, among other things, (i)  increased aggregate commitments available to be borrowed to $220.0 million,
77
(ii) increased the maximum consolidated leverage ratio from 3.75:1.00 to 4.25:1.00 and (iii) extended the initial term to august 2021 with an option to extend for an additional one-year term.
the senior notes and the revolving credit agreement are fully and unconditionally, and jointly and severally, guaranteed by our direct or indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries that account for more than 5% of our and our subsidiaries' consolidated assets, other than certain excluded subsidiaries (the "subsidiary guarantors"). amounts due under the revolving credit agreement are our and the subsidiary guarantors' senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with the senior notes and any of our other unsecured, unsubordinated debt, senior to any of our subordinated debt and effectively subordinated to our secured debt to the extent of the assets securing such debt.
the indentures governing our senior notes (the "indentures") among us, each of the subsidiary guarantors, and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee, contain covenants that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things, incur liens, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. in addition, the indentures restrict our non-guarantor subsidiaries' ability to create, assume, incur or guarantee additional indebtedness without such non-guarantor subsidiaries guaranteeing the senior notes on a pari passu basis.
the revolving credit agreement contains affirmative and restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of our existing or future subsidiaries to:
•   incur liens and further negative pledges;

•   incur additional indebtedness or prepay, redeem or repurchase indebtedness;

•   make loans or hold investments;

•   merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another person;

•   enter into acquisition transactions;

•   enter into sale/leaseback transactions;

•   issue disqualified capital stock;

•   sell, transfer or dispose of assets;

•   pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of our capital stock or engage in stock repurchases, redemptions and other restricted payments;

•   create new subsidiaries;

•   permit certain restrictions affecting our subsidiaries;

•   change the nature of our business, accounting policies or fiscal periods;

•   enter into any transactions with affiliates other than on an arm's-length basis; and

•   amend our organizational documents or amend, modify or change the terms of certain agreements relating to our indebtedness.

the revolving credit agreement and the indentures also contain customary events of default, including those relating to non-payment, breach of representations, warranties or covenants, cross-default and cross-acceleration, bankruptcy and insolvency events, invalidity or impairment of loan documentation or collateral, change of control and customary erisa defaults. none of the restrictions above are expected to impact our ability to effectively operate the business.
the revolving credit agreement also requires us and our subsidiaries to achieve financial and operating results sufficient to maintain compliance with the following financial ratios on a consolidated basis through the termination of the revolving credit agreement: (1) the maximum consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis shall not exceed 4.25:1.00 and (2)
78
the minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the revolving credit agreement) measured quarterly on a rolling four-quarter basis shall be at least 4.00:1.00. as of december 31, 2016, our consolidated leverage ratio was 3.50:1.00 and our consolidated interest coverage ratio was 6.74:1.00. there were no amounts drawn under the revolving credit facility since its november 20, 2014 inception.
our non-guarantor subsidiaries of the senior notes consist of: (i) domestic subsidiaries of the company that account for 5% or less of consolidated assets of the company and its subsidiaries and (ii) any foreign or domestic subsidiary of the company that is deemed to be a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of section 957 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended. our non-guarantor subsidiaries accounted for approximately $186.8 million, or 16.2%, of our total revenue for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, approximately $129.3 million, or 26.5%, of our consolidated operating income for the twelve months ended december 31, 2016, and approximately $461.1 million, or 15.0%, of our consolidated total assets (excluding intercompany assets) and $166.7 million, or 6.0%, of our consolidated total liabilities, in each case as of december 31, 2016.
share repurchases on september 18, 2014, we entered into the september 2014 asr agreement. on september 19, 2014, we paid $300.0 million in cash and received approximately 4.5 million shares of our common stock under the september 2014 asr agreement. on may 21, 2015, we completed the september asr program, receiving approximately 1.2 million shares of our common stock. in total, 5.7 million shares of our common stock were delivered for an average purchase price of $52.79 per share. the repurchased shares are held in treasury.
on june 2, 2015, we began purchasing shares of our common stock in the open market in accordance with sec rule 10b5-1.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, the company repurchased approximately 10.7 million shares at an average price of $62.63 per share for a total value of $670.8 million pursuant to open market repurchases.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the company repurchased approximately 10.3 million shares at an average price of $73.71 per share for a total value of $759.4 million pursuant to open market repurchases.
subsequent to the year ended december 31, 2016 and through february 17, 2017, the company repurchased an additional 1.0 million shares of common stock at an average price of 80.70 per share for a total value of $77.5 million.
as of february 17, 2017, a total of $792.4 million remained available on the share repurchase authorization.
cash dividends on september 17, 2014, our board of directors approved a plan to initiate a regular quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders. on october 30, 2014, we began paying regular quarterly cash dividends and have paid such dividends each quarter thereafter. this authorization may be modified, suspended or terminated by the board of directors at any time without prior notice.
on february 1, 2017, the board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share of common stock to be paid on march 15, 2017 to shareholders of record as of the close of trading on february 17, 2017.
79
cash flows the following table presents the company's cash and cash equivalents as of the dates indicated:
as of

december 31,                december 31,
2016                        2015
(in thousands)
cash and cash equivalents   $791,834                    $777,706
the following table presents the breakdown of the company's cash flows for the periods indicated:
years ended

december 31,                december 31,               december 31,
2016                    2015                           2014 (1)
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities             $434,738                    $305,994                   $305,673
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities             (42,031   )                (48,861   )                 297,037
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities            (365,274   )                 19,949                    (442,328   )
effect of exchange rates on cash and cash                       (13,305   )                 (8,175   )                 (10,017   )
equivalents net increase in cash and cash equivalents             $14,128                     $268,907                   $150,365
(1)   includes results from iss through its disposition on april 30, 2014.

cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents were $791.8 million and $777.7 million as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, $208.2 million and $128.1 million, respectively, of the cash and cash equivalents were held by foreign subsidiaries, which could be subject to u.s. federal income taxation on repatriation to the u.s. and some of which could be subject to local country taxes if repatriated to the u.s. in addition, repatriation of some foreign cash is further restricted by local laws. the increase in cash and cash equivalents held by foreign subsidiaries primarily reflects ongoing efforts to better align our tax profile with our global operating footprint. we expect the cash balance to continue to grow outside the u.s. over time. these balances will be available to meet our needs outside the u.s. whether it be for general corporate purpose or other needs, including acquisitions or expansion of our products.
we believe that domestic cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents and funds available under our existing credit facility and our ability to access the debt and capital markets for additional funds, will continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as material capital expenditures and share repurchases, for at least the 12 months following issuance of this form 10-k and for the foreseeable future thereafter. in addition, we expect existing foreign cash flows from operations, together with existing cash and cash equivalents, will continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future thereafter.
cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. cash provided by operating activities was $434.8 million and $306.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the year-over-year increase reflects higher billings and collections from customers, a decrease in cash expenses and lower cash payments for income taxes, including the impact of income tax refunds, partially offset by higher interest payments.
cash provided by operating activities was $306.0 million and $305.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the year-over-year increase reflects higher cash inflows from operating
80
results, offset by higher payments related to interest and cash taxes. cash flows from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes cash flows from discontinued operations.
our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for the payment of cash compensation expenses, office rent, technology costs, market data costs, interest expenses and income taxes. historically, the payment of cash for compensation and benefits is at its highest level in the first quarter when we pay discretionary employee compensation related to the previous fiscal year.
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities was $42.0 million and $48.9 million for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
cash used in investing activities was $48.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to cash provided by investing activities of $297.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the year-over-year decrease primarily reflects the impact for the year ended december 31, 2014 of $362.8 million in cash received upon the disposition of iss, partially offset by the purchase of gmi ratings.
cash flows from financing activities cash used in financing activities was $365.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to cash provided by financing activities of $19.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the year-over-year decrease primarily reflects the impact of lower proceeds from borrowings and increased repurchases of treasury shares.
cash provided by financing activities was $19.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to cash used in financing activities of $442.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the year-over-year increase primarily reflects the impact of our 2025 senior notes offering in august 2015, partially offset by higher share repurchases as well as the payments of dividends, which began in the three months ended december 31, 2014.
contractual obligations our contractual obligations consist primarily of leases for office space, leases for equipment and other operating leases, obligations to vendors arising out of market data contracts and our debt obligations arising from the issuance of the senior notes. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations for the periods indicated as of december 31, 2016:
years ending december 31,

(in thousands)                              total   2017                     2018                     2019                     2020                     2021                        thereafter operating leases                         $246,322               27,869                  $27,429                  $22,559                  $19,237                  $17,413            $131,815
vendor obligations                         62,198               40,260                   17,308                    4,161                      469                        -                   -
senior notes (1)                        3,387,302              111,552                  111,750                  111,750                  111,750                  111,750           2,828,750
total contractual obligations          $3,695,822             $179,681                 $156,487                 $138,470                 $131,456                 $129,163          $2,960,565
(1)   includes the impact of payments for the principal amount on the 2024 senior notes, 2025 senior notes and the 2026 senior notes plus interest based on the 5.25%, 5.75% and 4.75% coupon interest rate, respectively.

the obligations related to msci's uncertain tax positions, which are not considered material, have been excluded from the table above because of the uncertainty surrounding the timing and final amounts of any settlement.
off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2016 and 2015, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have
81
been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes.
recent accounting standards updates see note 2, "recent accounting standards updates," of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information.
