item 1a: risk factors we face a number of risks related to current global economic and political conditions, including low economic growth rates in certain markets, the impact of currency fluctuations, falling commodity prices, and unstable political conditions that have and could continue to unfavorably impact our business.
global economic and political conditions continue to be challenging for many of our government and commercial markets, as economic growth in many countries, particularly in europe and latin america and in emerging markets, has remained low or declined, currency fluctuations have impacted profitability, credit markets have remained tight for certain of our counterparties and many of our customers remain dependent on government grants to fund purchases of our products and services. in addition, conflicts in the middle east and elsewhere have created many economic and political uncertainties that continue to impact worldwide markets. the length of time these adverse economic and political conditions may persist is unknown. these global economic and political conditions have impacted and could continue to impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in a number of ways, including:
•   requests by customers for vendor financing by motorola solutions: certain of our customers, particularly, but not limited to, those who purchase large infrastructure systems, request that their suppliers provide financing in connection with equipment purchases and/or the provision of solutions and services, particularly as the size and length of these types of contracts increases and as we increase our business in developing countries. requests for vendor financing continue to increase in volume and scope, including in response to reduced tax revenue at the state and local government level and ongoing tightening of credit for certain commercial customers. motorola solutions has continued to provide vendor financing to both our government and commercial customers. we have been faced with and expect to continue to be faced with choosing between further increasing our level of vendor financing or potentially losing sales, as some of our competitors, particularly those in asia, have been more willing to provide vendor financing to customers around the world, particularly customers in africa and latin america. to the extent we are unable to sell these receivables on terms acceptable to us we may retain exposure to the credit quality of our customers who we finance.
•   customers' inability to obtain financing to make purchases from motorola solutions and/or maintain their business: some of our customers require substantial financing, including public financing or government grants, in order to fund their operations and make purchases from us. the inability of these customers to obtain sufficient credit or other funds, including as a result of lower tax revenues, currency fluctuations or unavailability of government grants, to finance purchases of our products and services and/or to meet their payment obligations to us could have, and in some cases has had, a negative impact on our financial results. this risk increases as the size and length of our contracts increase. in addition, if global economic conditions result in insolvencies for our customers, it will negatively impact our financial results.
•   challenges in budgeting and forecasting: it is difficult to estimate changes in various parts of the u.s. and world economy, including the markets in which we participate. components of our budgeting and forecasting are dependent upon estimates of demand for our products and estimates of foreign exchange rates. the prevailing economic uncertainties render estimates of future income and expenditures challenging.
•   potential deferment or cancellation of purchases and orders by customers: uncertainty about current and future global economic conditions may cause, and in some cases has caused, businesses and governments to defer or cancel purchases in response to tighter credit, decreased cash availability and de-prioritization of communications equipment within the budgeting process. if future demand for our products declines due to economic conditions, it will negatively impact our financial results.
•   inability to operate and grow in certain markets: we operate in a number of markets with a risk of intensifying political instability, including europe, russia, brazil, the middle east and africa. if political instability continues in these markets and in other parts of the world in which we operate it could have a significant impact on our ability to grow and, in some cases, operate in those locations, which will negatively impact our financial results.
9
a significant amount of our international business is transacted in local currency and a significant percentage of our cash and cash equivalents are held outside of the united states, which exposes us to risk relating to currency fluctuations, changes in foreign exchange regulations and repatriation delays and costs, which could negatively impact our sales, profitability and financial flexibility.
we have sizable sales and operations in canada and our europe and africa, asia, middle east, and latin america regions. a significant amount of this business is transacted in local currency. as a result, our financial performance is impacted by currency fluctuations. we are also experiencing increased pressure to agree to established currency conversion rates and cost of living adjustments as a result of foreign currency fluctuations or the requirement to transact business in local currencies.
a significant percentage of our cash and cash equivalents is currently held outside the u.s. and we continue to generate profits outside of the u.s., while many of our liabilities, such as our public debt, the majority of our pension liabilities and certain other cash payments, such as dividends and share repurchases, are payable in the u.s. while we have regularly repatriated funds with minimal adverse impact, repatriation of some of the funds has been and could continue to be subject to delay for local country approvals and could have potential adverse tax consequences. in addition, foreign exchange regulations may limit our ability to convert or repatriate foreign currency. as a result of having a lower amount of cash and cash equivalents in the u.s., our financial flexibility may be reduced.
we face uncertainty in the global geopolitical landscape that may impede the implementation of our strategy outside the united states.
in june 2016, the united kingdom (the "u.k") held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union ("e.u."), commonly referred to as brexit. it is expected that the u.k. government will initiate a process to withdraw from the e.u. and begin negotiating the terms of its separation. the announcement of brexit has resulted in volatility in the global stock market and currency exchange rate fluctuations that resulted in strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to other foreign currencies in which we conduct business.  the announcement of brexit and likely withdrawal of the u.k. from the e.u. may also create global economic uncertainty, which may cause our customers to closely monitor their costs and reduce their spending budgets. in addition, there may be uncertainty as to the position the united states will take with respect to certain treaty and trade relationships with other countries. this uncertainty may impact (i) the ability or willingness of non-u.s. companies to transact business in the united states, including with our company, (ii) regulation and trade agreements affecting u.s. companies, (iii) global stock markets and (iv) general global economic conditions. all of these factors are outside of our control, but may cause us to adjust our strategy in order to compete effectively in global markets and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
a security breach or other significant disruption of our it systems, those of our outsource partners, suppliers or those we manufacture, install, and in some cases operate and maintain for our customers, caused by cyber attack or other means, could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results.
all information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to, cyber attack, cyber intrusion, computer viruses, security breach, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, sabotage, war, insider trading, and telecommunication failures. as a provider of mission-critical communications systems for customers in critical infrastructure sectors of the u.s. and globally, including systems that we operate and maintain for certain of our customers, we face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising both our company's and our customers' sensitive information and intellectual property, through means referred to as advanced persistent threats. this risk is heightened because these systems may contain sensitive governmental information or personally identifiable or other protected information. while we employ a number of countermeasures and security controls, including training and audits and utilization of commercial information security threat sharing networks to protect against such attacks, we have experienced a gradual and steady increase in the sophistication of these threats, most noticeably through well-crafted social engineering and phishing attempts. we cannot guarantee that all threat attempts will be successfully thwarted even with these countermeasures. further, we are dependent, in certain instances, upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our it systems and those it systems that we manage for our customers. in addition, some of our customers are exploring broadband solutions that use public carrier networks on which our solutions would operate. we do not have direct oversight or influence over how public carrier networks manage the security, quality, or resiliency of their networks, and because they are an attractive high value target due to their role in critical infrastructure, they expose customers to an elevated risk over our private networks.
our company outsources certain business operations, including, but not limited to it, hr information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services. these arrangements are governed by various contracts and agreements which reference and mandate company and international standards of information protection, as appropriate. in addition, we maintain certain networked equipment at customer locations and are reliant on those customers to protect and maintain that equipment. the "attack surface" for us to protect against our adversaries is thus often extended to these partners and customers, as well as our suppliers, and we may be dependent upon their cyber security capabilities as well as their willingness to exchange threat and response information with us a cyber attack or other significant disruption involving our it systems or those of our outsource partners, suppliers or our customers could result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential or sensitive information of ours or our customers. such unauthorized access to, or release of, this information could: (i) allow others to unfairly compete with us, (ii) compromise safety or security, given the mission-critical nature of our customers' systems, (iii) subject us to claims for breach of contract, tort, and other civil claims, and (iv) damage our reputation. we could face regulatory penalties, enforcement actions, remediation
10
obligations and/or private litigation by parties whose data is improperly disclosed or misused. in addition, there has been a sharp increase in laws in europe, the u.s. and elsewhere, imposing requirements for the handling of personal data, including data of employees, consumers and business contacts, as well as imposing requirements for remediation action, including specific timing and method of notification. there is a risk that our company, directly or as the result of some third-party service provider we use, could be found to have failed to comply with the laws or regulations of some country regarding the collection, consent, handling, transfer, retention or disposal of such personal data, and therefore subject us to fines or other sanctions. the european courts invalidation of safe harbor as a mechanism to legitimize cross border data flows increases the risk that our company, directly or through some third-party service provider that we use, may inappropriately transfer eu personal data. any or all of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow.
a portion of our business is dependent upon u.s. government contracts and grants, which are highly regulated and subject to oversight audits by u.s. government representatives and subject to cancellations. such audits could result in adverse findings and negatively impact our business.
our u.s. government business is subject to specific procurement regulations with numerous compliance requirements. these requirements, although customary in government contracting in the u.s., increase our performance and compliance costs. these costs may increase in the future, thereby reducing our margins, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. failure to comply with these regulations or other compliance requirements could lead to suspension or debarment from u.s. government contracting or subcontracting for a period of time. among the causes for debarment are violations of various laws or policies, including those related to procurement integrity, export control, u.s. government security regulations, employment practices, protection of criminal justice data, protection of the environment, accuracy of records, proper recording of costs, foreign corruption and the false claims act.
generally, in the u.s. government contracts and grants are subject to oversight audits by government representatives. such audits could result in adjustments to our contracts. any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract may not be allowed, and such costs already reimbursed may have to be refunded. future audits and adjustments, if required, may materially reduce our revenues or profits upon completion and final negotiation of audits. negative audit findings could also result in investigations, termination of a contract or grant, forfeiture of profits or reimbursements, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the u.s. government. all contracts with the u.s. government are subject to cancellation at the convenience of the u.s. government.
in addition, contacts with government officials and participation in political activities are areas that are tightly controlled by federal, state, local and international laws. failure to comply with these laws could cost us opportunities to seek certain government sales opportunities or even result in fines, prosecution, or debarment.
government regulation of radio frequencies may limit the growth of public safety broadband systems or reduce barriers to entry for new competitors.
radio frequencies are required to provide wireless services. the allocation of frequencies is regulated in the u.s. and other countries and limited spectrum space is allocated to wireless services and specifically to public safety users. the growth of public safety broadband communications systems may be affected: (i) by regulations relating to the access to allocated spectrum for public safety users, (ii) if adequate frequencies are not allocated, or (iii) if new technologies are not developed to better utilize the frequencies currently allocated for such use. industry growth may also be affected by new licensing fees required to use frequencies.
the u.s. leads the world in allocating spectrum to enable wireless communications including lte. other countries have also allocated spectrum to allow deployment of these and other technologies. this changing landscape may introduce new competition and new opportunities for us.
the middle class tax relief and job creation act of 2012 (the "legislation") authorized an additional ten mhz of broadband spectrum for public safety use for a total of 20 mhz of broadband spectrum for public safety. in addition, public safety retained 14 mhz of the 700 mhz narrowband spectrum, subject to the fcc's authority to determine whether such spectrum should be authorized for future broadband use. the legislation further provides for the establishment of a centralized governance model through an independent authority within ntia designated as the "first-responder network authority" or "firstnet" but allows for states to opt out of the plan to develop a nationwide public safety network and perform their own competitive procurements if certain criteria are met. states that opt out would still be eligible for some funding and would also be allowed to help cover their operating costs by leasing unused/underused spectrum to secondary users, although revenue from such leasing arrangements would need to be reinvested in their firstnet public safety network.
longer term, msi's opportunities to sell lte equipment and related services in this space will be substantially impacted by: (1) whether firstnet awards the nationwide contract to msi's bidding partner, although msi will still have opportunities to sell public safety broadband devices and software solutions even if its bidding partner is not selected; (2) the winning bidder's success in satisfying contract requirements and milestones, including, among others, subscriber adoption rate, mandatory payments to firstnet, development of state plans, and covrage; (3) the timing and number of states (if any) that choose to opt out of firstnet, and whether the fcc and ntia approve their request, as detailed in the legislation; (4) firstnet's stated intent to reduce handset prices; (5) fiscal, public, and regulatory policies and/or special interest politics that risk delaying deployment and (6) the finally negotiated terms and conditions in the firstnet contract and/or subcontract awarded firstnet released its rfp in early 2016, and an award is projected in 2017.
11
we derive a portion of our revenue from government customers who award business through competitive bidding which can involve significant upfront costs and risks. this effort may not result in awards of business or we may fail to accurately estimate the costs to fulfill contracts awarded to us, which could have adverse consequences on our future profitability.
many government customers, including most u.s. government customers, award business through a competitive bidding process, which results in greater competition and increased pricing pressure. the competitive bidding process involves significant cost and managerial time to prepare bids for contracts that may not be awarded to us. even if we are awarded contracts, we may fail to accurately estimate the resources and costs required to fulfill a contract, or to resolve problems with our subcontractors or suppliers, which could negatively impact the profitability of any contract award to us, particularly in the case of fixed price contracts. in addition, following the award of a contract, we have experienced and may continue to experience significant expense or delay, contract modification or contract rescission as a result of customer delay or our competitors protesting or challenging contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding.
we enter into fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses in the event we fail to properly estimate our costs or hedge our risks associated with currency fluctuations.
we enter into a number of firm fixed-price contracts. if our initial cost estimates are incorrect, we can lose money on these contracts. because certain of these contracts involve new technologies and applications, require us to engage subcontractors and/or can last multiple years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties, fluctuations in the price of raw materials, problems with our subcontractors or suppliers and other cost overruns, can result in the contract pricing becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us and have an adverse impact on our financial results. in addition, a significant increase in inflation rates or currency fluctuations could have an adverse impact on the profitability of longer-term contracts.
the expansion of our solutions and services business creates new competitors and new and increased areas of risk that we have not been exposed to in the past and that we may not be able to properly assess or mitigate.
we plan to continue to expand our solutions and services business by offering additional and expanded managed services for existing and new types of customers, such as designing, building, operating, managing and in some cases owning a public-safety system or other commercial system. the offering of managed services involves the integration of multiple services, multiple vendors and multiple technologies, requiring that we partner with other solutions and services providers, often on multiyear projects.
additionally, our managed services business will be expanded to include the hosting of software applications. this allows the customers to "consume" the software "as a service" and avoid the costs and complexities of acquiring and operating the software.
•   we may be unable to recognize revenue from the sale of equipment in connection with managed services contracts for a period of time, which may be several years.
•the managed services business is one characterized by large subcontracting arrangements and we may not be able to obtain favorable contract terms including adequate indemnities, performance commitments or other protections from our subcontractors to adequately mitigate our exposure to our customers.
•we may face increasing competition from traditional system integrators and the defense industry as solutions and services contracts become larger and more complicated.
•expansion will bring us into contact with new regulatory requirements and restrictions, such as data security or data residency/localization obligations, with which we will have to comply and may increase the costs of doing business, reduce margins and delay or limit the range of new solutions and services which we will be able to offer.
•we may be required to agree to specific performance metrics that meet the customer's requirements for network security, availability, reliability, maintenance and support and, in some cases, if these performance metrics are not met we may not be paid.
we no longer own a number of our enterprise legacy information systems, including components of our enterprise resource planning (erp) system. we are planning to implement a new erp system and we rely on complex and in some cases aging information technology systems and networks to operate our business. any system or network disruption could have a negative impact on our operations, sales and operating results.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within the company and some of which are outsourced. in connection with the sale of our enterprise business to zebra, we transferred ownership of a number of our enterprise legacy information systems including components of our enterprise resource planning (erp) system to zebra. we are currently in a transition services agreement to co-use these systems with zebra until 2017 which limits our ability to make changes to these systems. we are planning to implement a new erp system to replace pieces of the systems now owned by zebra. if this implementation is delayed or introduces defective, or improperly installed or implemented computer code, it may result in a business disruption.
we also currently rely on a number of older legacy information systems that are harder to maintain and when we begin to implement our new erp system we will have fewer resources to maintain these older legacy systems. a system failure could negatively impact our operations and financial results.
12
in addition, as we have outsourced more of our business operations we have increased our dependence on the it systems of our outsourced business partners which are not under our direct management or control. any disruption to either those outsourced systems or the communication links between motorola solutions and the outsourced supplier, may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products. we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions.
our future operating results depend on our ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient amount of materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software to meet the demands of our customers and any disruption to our suppliers or significant increase in the price of supplies could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components, as well as services and software from our suppliers. in addition, certain supplies, including for some of our critical components, are available only from a single source or limited sources and we may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner. if demand for our products or services increases from our current expectations or if suppliers are unable to meet our demand for other reasons, including as a result of natural disasters or financial issues, we could experience an interruption in supplies or a significant increase in the price of supplies, including as a result of having to move to an alternative source, that could have a negative impact on our business as a result of increased cost or delay in or inability to deliver our products. this risk may increase as a result of consolidation of certain of our suppliers. we have experienced shortages in the past that have negatively impacted our results of operations and may experience such shortages in the future. in addition, credit constraints at our suppliers could cause us to accelerate payment of accounts payable by us, impacting our cash flow.
we have seen and expect to continue to see increases in the price of certain supplies as we no longer qualify for certain volume discounts given our significant decrease in direct material spend over the last several years as a result of our spin-offs and divestitures. we have also experienced less support and focus from our suppliers as our spend has diminished, making it more difficult for us to resolve gaps in supply due to unforeseen changes in forecast and demand. in addition, our current contractual arrangements with certain suppliers may be cancelled or not extended by such suppliers and, therefore, not afford us with sufficient protection against a reduction or interruption in supplies. moreover, in the event any of these suppliers breach their contracts with us, our legal remedies associated with such a breach may be insufficient to compensate us for any damages we may suffer.
over the last several years we have outsourced portions of certain business operations like it, hr information systems, manufacturing, repair, distribution and engineering services and expect to outsource additional business operations. this outsourcing limits our control over these business operations and exposes us to additional risk as a result of the actions of our outsource partners.
as we outsource more of our business operations we are not able to directly control these activities. our outsource partners may not prioritize our business over that of their other customers and they may not meet our desired level of quality, performance, service, cost reductions or other metrics. failure to meet key performance indicators may result in our being in default with our customers. in addition, we may rely on our outsource partners to secure materials from our suppliers with whom our outsource partners may not have existing relationships and we may be required to continue to manage these relationships even after we outsource certain business operations.
as we outsource business operations we become dependent on the it systems of our outsource partners, including to transmit demand and purchase orders to suppliers, which can result in a delay in order placement. in addition, in an effort to reduce costs and limit their liabilities, our outsource partners may not have robust systems or make commitments in as timely a manner as we require.
in some cases the actions of our outsource partners may result in our being found to be in violation of laws or regulations like import or export regulations. as many of our outsource partners operate outside of the u.s., our outsourcing activity exposes us to information security vulnerabilities and increases our global risks. in addition, we are exposed to the financial viability of our outsource partners. once a business activity is outsourced we may be contractually prohibited from or may not practically be able to bring such activity back within the company or move it to another outsource partner. the actions of our outsource partners could result in reputational damage to us and could negatively impact our business, financial conditions, results of operations, and cash flows.
our sales within a quarter are not linear, with a substantial percentage of products shipping in the final month of the quarter. this lack of linearity creates inefficiencies in our business performance and any interruption during this final month could have a substantial impact on our quarterly financial results.
on average, a substantial percentage of our quarterly sales ship in the final month of a quarter. any interruption in our ability to ship products during this final month, such as unavailability of critical components, disruption to our manufacturing capabilities or disruptions in our distribution channel, will have a disproportionately large impact on our quarterly financial results, as we may be unable to recover in time to ship the products and recognize revenue in that quarter.
in addition, this lack of linearity results in inefficiencies in our financial performance, as we must invest in capacity and resources to support this business model, meaning we have underutilized operations during the first two months of the quarter. we also must maintain additional component inventory and engage in pre-builds of finished goods to mitigate the impact of this lack of linearity and meet potential last month demand. this could result in our carrying excess inventory, which is costly and may result in increased inventory obsolescence over time.
13
we no longer own certain logos and other trademarks, trade names and service marks, including motorola, moto, motorola solutions and the stylized m logo and all derivatives and formatives thereof ("motorola marks") and we license the motorola marks from motorola trademark holdings, llc ("mth"), which is currently owned by motorola mobility, a subsidiary of lenovo. our joint use of the motorola marks could result in product and market confusion and negatively impact our ability to expand our business under the motorola brand. in addition, if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement we could lose our rights to the motorola marks. because of the change of control of motorola mobility, which is now owned by lenovo, we may find that an incompatible third-party owns the motorola marks.
we have a worldwide, perpetual and royalty-free license from mth to use the motorola marks as part of our corporate name and in connection with the manufacture, sale, and marketing of our current products and services. the license of the motorola marks is important to us because of the reputation of the motorola brand for our products and services. there are risks associated with both motorola mobility and the company using the motorola marks and with this loss of ownership. as both motorola mobility and the company will be using the motorola marks, confusion could arise in the market, including customer confusion regarding the products offered by and the actions of the two companies. motorola mobility was acquired by lenovo in 2014, which resulted in lenovo having effective control over the motorola marks. this risk could increase as both motorola mobility's and our products continue to converge. this risk could increase under lenovo's control if they expand their use of the motorola marks. also, any negative publicity associated with either company in the future could adversely affect the public image of the other. in addition, because our license of the motorola marks will be limited to products and services within our specified fields of use, we will not be permitted to use the motorola marks in other fields of use without the approval of motorola mobility, which is now controlled by lenovo. in the event that we desire to expand our business into any other fields of use, we may need to do so with a brand other than the motorola brand. developing a brand as well-known and with as much brand equity as motorola could take considerable time and expense. the risk of needing to develop a second brand increases as motorola mobility's and our products continue to converge and if our business expands into other fields of use. in addition, we could lose our rights to use the motorola marks if we do not comply with the terms of the license agreement. such a loss could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. furthermore, mth has the right to license the brand to third-parties and either motorola mobility or licensed third-parties may use the brand in ways that make the brand less attractive for customers of motorola solutions, creating increased risk that motorola solutions may need to develop an alternate or additional brand. in 2013 motorola mobility modified certain motorola marks used by the company. motorola mobility may require the company to adopt the use of the modified motorola marks, which would result in the company incurring the costs of rebranding.
in addition, neither motorola mobility nor lenovo are prohibited from selling the motorola marks. in the event of a liquidation of motorola mobility or the then owner of the motorola marks, it is possible that a bankruptcy court would permit the motorola marks to be assigned to a third-party. while our right to use the motorola marks under our license should continue in our specified field of use in such situations, it is possible that we could be party to a license arrangement with a third-party whose interests are incompatible with ours, thereby potentially making the license arrangement difficult to administer, and increasing the costs and risks associated with sharing the motorola marks. in addition, there is a risk that, in the event of a bankruptcy of motorola mobility or the then owner of the motorola marks, motorola mobility, the then owner or its bankruptcy trustee may attempt to reject the license, or a bankruptcy court may refuse to uphold the license or certain of its terms. such a loss could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may not continue to have access to the capital markets for financing on acceptable terms and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are downgraded, which could limit our ability to repay our indebtedness and could cause liquidity issues.
from time to time we access the capital markets to obtain financing. our access to the capital markets and the bank credit markets at acceptable terms and conditions are impacted by many factors, including: (i) our credit ratings, (ii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets, (iii) strength and credit availability in the banking markets, and (iv) the current state of the global economy. in addition, we frequently access the credit markets to obtain performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds, as well as to hedge foreign exchange risk and sell receivables. in addition, there can be no assurances we will be able to refinance our existing indebtedness (i) on commercially reasonable terms, (ii) on terms, including with respect to interest rates, as favorable as our current debt, or (iii) at all. there can be no assurances that we will continue to have access to the capital markets or bank credit markets on terms acceptable to us and if we are unable to repay or refinance our debt, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to generate enough cash flows from operations or that we will be able to obtain enough capital to service our debt, fund our planned capital expenditures or pay future dividends.
we are rated investment grade by all three national rating agencies. any downward changes by the rating agencies to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities. under certain circumstances, an increase in the interest rate payable by us under our revolving credit facility, if any amounts were borrowed under such facility, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. in addition, a downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our ability to: (i) access the capital markets or bank credit markets, (ii) provide performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds, (iii) hedge foreign exchange risk, (iv) fund our foreign affiliates, and (v) sell receivables. a downgrade in our credit rating could also result in less favorable trade terms with suppliers. in addition, any downgrades in our credit ratings may affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and may affect the terms of any such financing. any future disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in the capital markets may result in higher funding costs for us and adversely affect our ability to access funds and other credit related products. in addition, we may avoid taking actions that would otherwise benefit us or our stockholders, such as engaging in certain acquisitions or engaging in stock repurchases, that would negatively impact our credit rating.
14
we utilize the services of subcontractors to perform under many of our contracts and the inability of our subcontractors to perform in a timely and compliant manner could negatively impact our ability to comply with our performance obligations as the prime contractor.
we engage subcontractors, including third-party integrators, on many of our contracts and as we expand our solutions and services business our use of subcontractors has and will continue to increase. our subcontractors may further subcontract performance and may supply third-party products and software from a number of smaller companies. we may have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor or its subcontractors and the functionality, warranty and indemnities of products, software and services supplied by our subcontractor. we are not always successful in passing down customer requirements to our subcontractors, and thus in some cases may be required to absorb contractual risks from our customers without corresponding back-to-back coverage from our subcontractor. even when we are able to pass down customer requirements to our subcontractors, sometimes those subcontractors have less financial resources than we do, and a customer may look to us to cover a loss or damage. our subcontractors may not be able to acquire or maintain the quality of the materials, components, subsystems and services they supply, or secure preferred warranty and indemnity coverage from their suppliers which might result in greater product returns, service problems, warranty claims and costs and regulatory compliance issues. any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
failure of our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers and representatives to use acceptable legal or ethical business practices and adhere to our supplier code of conduct or our human rights policy could negatively impact our business.
it is our policy to require our suppliers, subcontractors, distributors, resellers, and third-party sales representatives ("tpsrs") to operate in compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding working conditions, employment practices, environmental compliance, anti-corruption and trademark and copyright licensing. however, we do not control their labor and other business practices. if one of our suppliers, subcontractors, brokers, distributors, resellers, or tpsrs violates labor or other laws or implements labor or other business practices that are regarded as unethical, the shipment of finished products to us could be interrupted, orders could be canceled, relationships could be terminated and our reputation could be damaged. if one of our suppliers or subcontractors fails to procure necessary license rights to trademarks, copyrights or patents, legal action could be taken against us that could impact the salability of our products and expose us to financial obligations to a third-party. any of these events could have a negative impact on our sales and results of operations.
our employees, customers, suppliers and outsource partners are located throughout the world and, as a result, we face risks that other companies that are not global may not face.
most of our products that are manufactured by or for us outside the u.s. are manufactured in malaysia. if manufacturing in our facility, or a facility manufacturing products for us, in malaysia is disrupted, our overall capacity would be significantly reduced and our business, financial condition, results of operation, and cash flows could be negatively impacted.
our customers and suppliers are located throughout the world. in 2016, approximately 41% percent of our revenue was generated outside the u.s. in addition, we have a number of research and development, administrative and sales facilities outside the u.s. and more than 47% of our employees are employed outside the u.s. most of our suppliers' operations are outside the u.s. and most of our products are manufactured outside the u.s., both internally and by third-parties.
because we have sizable sales and operations, including outsourcing and procurement arrangements, outside of the u.s., we have more complexity in our operations and are exposed to a unique set of global risks that could negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, including but not limited to: (i) currency fluctuations, (ii) import/export regulations, tariffs, trade barriers and trade disputes, customs classifications and certifications, including but not limited to changes in classifications or errors or omissions related to such classifications and certifications, (iii) changes in u.s. and non-u.s. rules related to trade, environmental, health and safety, technical standards, consumer and intellectual property and consumer protection, (iv) longer payment cycles, (v) tax issues, such as tax law changes, variations in tax laws from country to country and as compared to the u.s., obligations under tax incentive agreements, difficulties in repatriating cash generated or held abroad in a tax-efficient manner and difficulties in securing local country approvals for cash repatriations, (vi) changes in foreign exchange regulations, (vii) challenges in collecting accounts receivable, (viii) cultural and language differences, (ix) employment regulations and local labor conditions, (x) privacy and data protection regulations and restrictions, (xi) difficulties protecting intellectual property in foreign countries, (xii) instability in economic or political conditions, including inflation, recession and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts and terrorism, (xiii) natural disasters, (xiv) public health issues or outbreaks, (xv) changes in laws or regulations that negatively impact benefits being received by us or that require costly modifications in products sold or operations performed in such countries, (xvi) litigation in foreign court systems and foreign administrative proceedings, and (xvii) applicability of anti-corruption laws including the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and the u.k. bribery act.
we have a number of employees, contractors, representatives and agents in, and sell our products and services throughout, the middle east and our operations, as well as demand for our products and services, could be negatively impacted by political conflicts and hostilities in this region. the potential for future unrest, terrorist attacks, increased global conflicts, hostility against u.s.-based multinational companies and the escalation of existing conflicts has created worldwide uncertainties that have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, demand for certain of our products.
we also are subject to risks that our operations could be conducted by our employees, contractors, representatives or agents in ways that violate the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act, or other similar anti-corruption laws. while we have policies and
15
procedures to comply with these laws, our employees, contractors, representatives and agents may take actions that violate our policies. any such violations could have a negative impact on our business. moreover, we face additional risks that our anti-corruption policies and procedures may be violated by tpsrs or other third-parties that help sell our products or provide other solutions and services, because such tpsrs and other third parties are not our employees, and, it is therefore more difficult to oversee [and control] their conduct.
many of our components and some of our products, including software, are developed and/or manufactured by third-parties and in some cases designed by third-parties and if such third-parties lack sufficient quality control, change the design of components or if there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third-parties, it may have a negative impact on our business.
we rely on third-parties to develop and/or manufacture many of our components and some of our finished products, and to design certain components and finished products, as well as provide us with software necessary for the operation of those products and we may increase our reliance such third-parties in the future. we could have difficulties fulfilling our orders and our sales and profits could decline if: (i) we are not able to engage such third-parties with the capabilities or capacities required by our business, (ii) such third-parties lack sufficient quality control or fail to deliver quality components, products, services or software on time and at reasonable prices, or deliver products, services or software that do not meet regulatory or industry standards or requirements, (iii) if there are significant changes in the financial or business condition of such third-parties, or (iv) if we have difficulties transitioning operations to such third-parties.
because of the long life-cycle of many of our products, we need access to limited quantities of components for manufacturing and repair and suppliers have been and may continue to be unwilling to manufacture such components or may only do so at high prices. certain key component suppliers are reducing the expected lifetime of key components, in particular semiconductor and electrical components, on some of our products. this could result in the need for more frequent product redesigns and increased engineering costs on some products or costly last time buys, which may negatively impact our financial performance. in addition, we may be unable to meet our repair obligations to our customers.
we are exposed to risks under large, multi-year system and solutions and services contracts that may negatively impact our business.
we enter into large, multi-year system and solutions and services contracts with large municipal, state, and nationwide government and commercial customers. in some cases we may not be the prime contractor and may be dependent on other third-parties such as commercial carriers or systems integrators. this exposes us to risks, including among others: (i) technological risks, especially when the contracts involve new technology, (ii) risk of defaults by third-parties on whom we are relying for products or services as part of our offering or who are the prime contractors, (iii) financial risks, including the estimates inherent in projecting costs associated with large, long-term contracts, the impact of currency fluctuations, inflation, and the related impact on operating results, (iv) cyber security risk, especially in managed services contracts with public safety and commercial customers that process data, and (v) political risk, especially related to the contracts with government customers. in addition, multi-year awards from governmental customers may often only receive partial funding initially and may typically be cancelable on short notice with limited penalties. recovery of front loaded capital expenditures in long-term managed services contracts is dependent on the continued viability of such customers. the termination of funding for a government program or insolvency of commercial customer could result in a loss of anticipated future revenue attributable to that program, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability.
our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies.
the markets for certain of our products are characterized by changing technologies and evolving industry standards. in some cases it is unclear what specific technology will be adopted in the market or what delivery model will prevail, including whether public safety lte will be delivered via private networks, public carriers or some combination thereof. in addition, new technologies such as voice over lte or push-to-talk clients over lte could reduce sales of our traditional products. the shift to smart public safety and the prevalence of data in our customer's use cases results in our competing in a more fragmented marketplace. in addition, new technologies and new competitors continue to enter our markets at a faster pace than we have experienced in the past, resulting in increased competition from non-traditional suppliers, including public carriers, telecom equipment providers, consumer device manufacturers and software companies. new products are expensive to develop and bring to market and additional complexities are added when this process is outsourced as we have done in certain cases or as we increase our reliance on third-party content and technology. our success depends, in substantial part, on the timely and successful introduction of new products, upgrades and enhancements of current products to comply with emerging industry standards, laws and regulations, such as china's proprietary technology, pdt, and to address competing technological and product developments carried out by our competitors. developing new technologies to compete in a specific market may not be financially viable, resulting in our inability to compete in that market. the r&d of new, technologically-advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate anticipation of technology and market trends. many of our products and systems are complex and we may experience delays in completing development and introducing new products or technologies in the future. we may focus our resources on technologies that do not become widely accepted or are not commercially viable or involve compliance obligations with additional areas of regulatory requirements.
our results are subject to risks related to our significant investment in developing and introducing new products. these risks include among others: (i) difficulties and delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of products,
16
particularly when such activities are done through third-parties, (ii) customer acceptance of products, (iii) the development of, approval of, and compliance with industry standards and regulatory requirements, (iv) the significant amount of resources we must devote to the development of new technologies, and (v) the ability to differentiate our products and compete with other companies in the same markets.
if the quality of our products does not meet our customers' expectations or regulatory or industry standards, then our sales and operating earnings, and ultimately our reputation, could be negatively impacted.
some of the products we sell may have quality issues resulting from the design or manufacture of the product, or from the software used in the product. sometimes, these issues may be caused by components we purchase from other manufacturers or suppliers. often these issues are identified prior to the shipment of the products and may cause delays in shipping products to customers, or even the cancellation of orders by customers. sometimes, we discover quality issues in the products after they have been shipped to our customers, requiring us to resolve such issues in a timely manner that is the least disruptive to our customers, particularly in light of the mission-critical nature of our communications products. such pre-shipment and post-shipment quality issues can have legal, financial and reputational ramifications, including: (i) delays in the recognition of revenue, loss of revenue or future orders, (ii) customer-imposed penalties for failure to meet contractual requirements, (iii) increased costs associated with repairing or replacing products, and (iv) a negative impact on our goodwill and brand name reputation.
in some cases, if the quality issue affects the product's performance, safety or regulatory compliance, then such a "defective" product may need to be "stop-shipped" or recalled. depending on the nature of the quality issue and the number of products in the field, it could cause us to incur substantial recall or corrective field action costs, in addition to the costs associated with the potential loss of future orders and the damage to our goodwill or brand reputation. in addition, we may be required, under certain customer contracts, to pay damages for failed performance that might exceed the revenue that we receive from the contracts. recalls and field actions involving regulatory non-compliance could also result in fines and additional costs. recalls and field actions could result in third-party litigation by persons or companies alleging harm or economic damage as a result of the use of the products.
we expect to continue to make strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses and these acquisitions introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions.
in order to position ourselves to take advantage of growth opportunities or to meet other strategic needs such as product or technology gaps, we have made, and expect to continue to make, strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include: (i) the difficulty or inability in integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, particularly in light of the fact that certain of our enterprise legacy information systems including components of our erp system are owned by zebra and we are unable to make significant changes to these systems until completion of our new erp implementation, (ii) risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, particularly in light of the erp system changes, (iii) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits from acquisitions, (iv) the risk that our contractual relationships or the markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the technologies acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets, (v) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (vi) the risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our operations, (vii) the risks of entering new markets in which we have limited experience, (viii) difficulties in integrating information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses and (ix) future impairments of goodwill of an acquired business. in particular, failure to achieve targeted cost and revenue synergies could negatively impact our business performance.
certain acquisition candidates in the industries in which we participate may carry higher relative valuations (based on revenues, earnings, cash flow, or other relevant multiples) than we do. this is particularly evident in software and certain services businesses. acquiring a business that has a higher relative valuation than motorola solutions may be dilutive to our earnings. in addition, we may not pursue opportunities that are highly dilutive to near-term earnings.
key employees of acquired businesses may receive substantial value in connection with a transaction in the form of cash payments for their ownership interest, particularly in the case of founders and other shareholder employees, change-in-control agreements, acceleration of stock options and the lifting of restrictions on other equity-based compensation rights. to retain such employees and integrate the acquired business, we may offer additional retention incentives, but it may still be difficult to retain certain key employees.
17
we have completed a number of large divestitures over the last several years and have ongoing obligations and potential liabilities associated with those transactions and the businesses we divested. in addition, these divestitures have resulted in less diversity of our business and our customer base, which could negatively impact our financial results in the event of a downturn in our mission-critical communications business.
over the last several years we have spun-off or sold a number of large businesses, including motorola mobility, our networks business and our enterprise business. in connection with our divestitures we typically remain liable for certain pre-closing liabilities associated with the divested business, such as pension liabilities, taxes, employment, environmental liabilities and litigation. in the case of the sale of our enterprise business we agreed to a multi-year non-compete which may limit our ability to develop and sell products for our commercial customers. in addition, although we often assign contracts associated with the divested business to a buyer in a divestiture, often that assignment will be subject to the consent of the contractual counterparty, which may not be obtained or may be conditioned, resulting in the company remaining liable under the contract. in connection with our divestitures we make representations and warranties and agree to covenants relating to the business divested. we remain liable for a period of time for breaches of representations, warranties and covenants and we also indemnify buyers in the event of such breaches and for other specific risks. even though we establish reserves for any expected ongoing liability associated with divested businesses, those reserves may not be sufficient if unexpected liabilities arise and this could negatively impact our financial condition and future results of operations.
because we are now singularly focused on mission-critical communications for public safety and commercial customers we have less diversity in our business and our customer base. a downturn in this business could have a greater negative impact on our financial results than when we were a more diversified communications provider.
we face many risks relating to intellectual property rights.
our business will be harmed if: (i) we, our customers and/or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights of third-parties, (ii) the intellectual property indemnities in our supplier agreements are inadequate to cover damages and losses due to infringement of third-party intellectual property rights by supplier products, (iii) we are required to provide broad intellectual property indemnities to our customers, (iv) our intellectual property protection is inadequate to protect against threats of misappropriation from internal or external sources or otherwise inadequate to protect our proprietary rights, or (v) our competitors negotiate significantly more favorable terms for licensed intellectual property. we may be harmed if we are forced to make publicly available, under the relevant open-source licenses, certain internally developed software-related intellectual property as a result of either our use of open-source software code or the use of third-party software that contains open-source code.
since our products are comprised of complex technology, much of which we acquire from suppliers through the purchase of components or licensing of software, we are often involved in or impacted by assertions, including both requests for licenses and litigation, regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. third-parties have asserted, and in the future may assert, intellectual property infringement claims against us and against our customers and suppliers. many of these assertions are brought by non-practicing entities whose principle business model is to secure patent licensing-based revenue from product manufacturing companies. the patent holders often make broad and sweeping claims regarding the applicability of their patents to our products, seeking a percentage of sales as licenses fees, seeking injunctions to pressure us into taking a license, or a combination thereof. defending claims may be expensive and divert the time and efforts of our management and employees. increasingly, third-parties have sought broad injunctive relief which could limit our ability to sell our products in the u.s. or elsewhere with intellectual property subject to the claims. if we do not succeed in any such litigation, we could be required to expend significant resources to pay damages, develop non-infringing products or to obtain licenses to the intellectual property that is the subject of such litigation, each of which could have a negative impact on our financial results. however, we cannot be certain that any such licenses, if available at all, will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. in some cases, we might be forced to stop delivering certain products if we or our customer or supplier are subject to a final injunction.
we attempt to negotiate favorable intellectual property indemnities with our suppliers for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights. however, there is no assurance that we will be successful in our negotiations or that a supplier's indemnity will cover all damages and losses suffered by us and our customers due to the infringing products or that a supplier will choose to accept a license or modify or replace its products with non-infringing products which would otherwise mitigate such damages and losses. further, we may not be able to participate in intellectual property litigation involving a supplier and may not be able to influence any ultimate resolution or outcome that may negatively impact our sales if a court enters an injunction that enjoins the supplier's products or if the international trade commission issues an exclusionary order that blocks our products from importation into the u.s. intellectual property disputes involving our suppliers have resulted in our involvement in international trade commission proceedings from time to time. these proceedings are costly and entail the risk that we will be subjected to a ban on the importation of our products into the u.s. solely as a result of our use of a supplier's components.
in addition, our customers increasingly demand that we indemnify them broadly from all damages and losses resulting from intellectual property litigation against them. these demands stem from the increasing trend of the non-practicing entities that engage in patent enforcement and litigation targeting the end users of our products. end users are targeted so the non-practicing entities can seek royalties and litigation judgments in proportion to the value of the use of our products, rather than in proportion to the cost of our products. such demands can amount to many times the selling price of our products.
our patent and other intellectual property rights are important competitive tools and may generate income under license agreements. we regard our intellectual property as proprietary and attempt to protect it with patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality agreements and other methods. we also generally restrict access to and distribution of our
18
proprietary information. despite these precautions, it may be possible for a third-party to obtain and use our proprietary information or develop similar technology independently. in addition, effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries. unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights by third-parties and the cost of any litigation necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights could have a negative impact on our financial results.
as we expand our business, including through acquisitions, and compete with new competitors in new markets, the breadth and strength of our intellectual property portfolio in those new markets may not be as developed as in our longer-standing businesses. this may expose us to a heightened risk of litigation and other challenges from competitors in these new markets. further, competitors may be able to negotiate significantly more favorable terms for licensed intellectual property than we are able to, which puts them at a competitive advantage.
we may not have the ability to settle the principal amount of the $1 billion of 2% senior convertible notes (the "senior convertible notes") in cash in the event of conversion or to repurchase the senior convertible notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change.
our senior convertible notes are convertible any time on or after two years from their issuance date, except in certain limited circumstances. in the event of conversion, the company currently intends to settle the principal amount of the senior convertible notes in cash.
if we do not have adequate cash available, either from cash on hand, funds generated from operations or existing financing arrangements, or we cannot obtain additional financing arrangements, we may not be able to settle the principal amount of the senior convertible notes in cash and, in the case of settlement of conversion elections, will be required to settle the principal amount of the senior convertible notes in stock. if we settle any portion of the principal amount of the senior convertible notes in stock, it will result in immediate, and possibly material, dilution to the interests of existing security holders.
following any conclusion that we no longer have the ability to settle the senior convertible notes in cash, we will be required on a going forward basis to change our accounting policy for earnings per share from the treasury stock method to the if-converted method. earnings per share will most likely be lower under the if-converted method as compared to the treasury stock method.
our ability to repurchase the senior convertible notes in cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change or make any other required payments may be limited by law or the terms of other agreements relating to our indebtedness outstanding at the time. our failure to repurchase the senior convertible notes when required would result in an event of default with respect to the senior convertible notes and may constitute an event of default or prepayment under, or result in the acceleration of the maturity of, our then-existing indebtedness.
tax matters could have a negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign tax jurisdictions. our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability may be negatively impacted by: (i) changes in the mix of earnings taxable in jurisdictions with different statutory tax rates, (ii) changes in tax laws and accounting principles, (iii) changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, (iv) failure to meet commitments under tax incentive agreements, (v) discovery of new information during the course of tax return preparation, (vi) increases in nondeductible expenses, or (vii) difficulties in repatriating cash held abroad in a tax-efficient manner.
tax audits may also negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. we are subject to continued examination of our income tax returns, and tax authorities may disagree with our tax positions and assess additional tax. we regularly evaluate the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuing examinations will not have a negative impact on our future financial condition and operating results.
certain tax policy efforts, including the organisation for economic co-operation and development's ("oecd") base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project, the european commission's state aid investigations, and other initiatives could have an adverse effect on the taxation of international businesses. furthermore, many of the countries where we are subject to taxes, including the united states, are independently evaluating their tax policy and we may see significant changes in legislation and regulations concerning taxation. certain countries have already enacted legislation which could affect international businesses, and other countries have become more aggressive in their approach to audits and enforcement of their applicable tax laws. such changes, to the extent they are brought into tax legislation, regulations, policies, or practices, could increase our effective tax rates in many of the countries where we have operations and have an adverse effect on our overall tax rate, along with increasing the complexity, burden and cost of tax compliance, all of which could impact our operating results, cash flows and financial condition.
19
our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, retain and prepare succession plans for senior management and key employees.
the performance of our ceo, senior management and other key employees is critical to our success. if we are unable to retain talented, highly qualified senior management and other key employees or attract them when needed, it could negatively impact our business. we rely on the experience of our senior management, most of whom have been with the company for many years and as a result have specific knowledge relating to us and our industry that is difficult to replace and competition for management with experience in the communications industry is intense. a loss of the ceo, a member of senior management or key employee particularly to a competitor could also place us at a competitive disadvantage. further, if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our ceo, senior management and other key employees, our business could be negatively impacted.
it may be difficult for us to recruit and retain the types of engineers and other highly-skilled employees that are necessary to remain competitive and layoffs of such skilled employees as a result of divestitures, restructuring activities or cost reductions may benefit our competitors.
competition for key technical personnel in high-technology industries is intense. as we expand our solutions and services business we have an even greater demand for technical personnel in areas like software development than we have not historically experienced and competition for such resources is greater. we believe that our future success depends in large part on our continued ability to hire, assimilate, retain and leverage the skills of qualified engineers and other highly-skilled personnel needed to develop successful new products or services. we may not be as successful as our competitors at recruiting, assimilating, retaining and utilizing these highly-skilled personnel, which could have a negative impact on our business. in addition, as we have divested businesses and restructured our operations we have, in some cases, had to layoff engineers and other highly skilled employees. if these employees were to go to work for our competitors it could have a negative impact on our business.
the accounting for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash or in shares of common stock could have a material effect on our reported financial results.
under u.s. gaap, an entity must separately account for the debt component and the embedded conversion option of convertible debt instruments that may be settled entirely or partially in cash or in shares of common stock upon conversion, such as our senior convertible notes, in a manner that reflects the issuer's effective interest cost. the fair value of the embedded conversion option is classified as an addition to stockholder's equity. the difference between book carrying cost and face value of the debt represents a non-cash discount. this difference will be amortized into interest expense over the estimated life of the senior convertible notes using the effective yield method. as a result, we will be required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense as a result of the amortization of their discount over the term of the senior convertible notes. accordingly, we will report lower net income because of the recognition of both the current period's discount amortization and the senior convertible notes' coupon interest, which could adversely affect the trading price of our shares of common stock and the trading price (if any) of the senior convertible notes.
under certain circumstances, convertible debt instruments (such as the senior convertible notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash are evaluated for their impact on earnings per share utilizing the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that the shares issuable upon conversion of the senior convertible notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the senior convertible notes exceeds their principal amount. under the treasury stock method the number of shares outstanding for purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share includes the number of shares that would be required to settle the excess of the conversion value of the senior convertible notes, if any, over the principal amounts of the senior convertible notes (which would be settled in cash). the conversion value of the senior convertible notes will exceed the principal amount of the notes to the extent the trading price of a share of our stock exceeds $68.50. we intend to settle the principal amount of the convertible notes in cash. however, we may not have access to the capital markets for financing on acceptable terms and conditions, particularly if our credit ratings are downgraded. accordingly, we may be forced to fully settle the senior convertible notes in shares of common stock upon conversion, the effect of which would cause the dilutive impact to earnings per share to be significantly in excess of the dilutive impact reflected by the treasury stock method.
returns on pension and retirement plan assets and interest rate changes could affect our earnings and cash flows in future periods.
although we engaged in pension de-risking activities in 2014, we continue to have large underfunded pension obligations, in part resulting from the fact that we retained almost all of the u.s. pension liabilities and a major portion of our non-u.s. pension liabilities following our divestitures, including the distribution of motorola mobility, the sale of our networks business and the sale of our enterprise business. the funding position of our pension plans is affected by the performance of the financial markets, particularly the equity and debt markets, and the interest rates used to calculate our pension obligations for funding and expense purposes. minimum annual pension contributions are determined by government regulations and calculated based upon our pension funding status, interest rates, and other factors. if the financial markets perform poorly, we have been and could be required to make additional large contributions. the equity and debt markets can be volatile, and therefore our estimate of future contribution requirements can change dramatically in relatively short periods of time. similarly, changes in interest rates can affect our contribution requirements. in volatile capital market environments, the uncertainty of material changes in future minimum required contributions increases.
20
changes in our operations or sales outside the u.s. markets could result in lost benefits in impacted countries and increase our cost of doing business.
we have entered into various agreements with non-u.s. governments, agencies or similar organizations under which we receive certain benefits relating to its operations and/or sales in the jurisdiction. if our circumstances change, and operations or sales are not at levels originally anticipated, we may be at risk of having to reimburse benefits already granted, and losing some or all of these benefits and increasing our cost of doing business.
we transferred a significant portfolio of intellectual property rights, including patents, to motorola mobility and zebra and we are unable to leverage these intellectual property rights as we did prior to the distribution of motorola mobility or the sale of our enterprise business.
we contributed approximately 17,200 granted patents and approximately 8,000 pending patent applications worldwide to motorola mobility in connection with the distribution. we also transferred approximately 2,700 granted patents and approximately 800 pending patent applications to zebra in connection with the sale of the enterprise business. although we have a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to these patents and other intellectual property rights, we no longer own them. as a result we are unable to leverage these intellectual property rights for purposes of generating licensing revenue or entering into favorable licensing arrangements with third-parties. as a result we may incur increased license fees or litigation costs. although we cannot predict the extent of such unanticipated costs, it is possible such costs could negatively impact our financial results.
we are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety and environmental laws that continue to expand and could impact our ability to grow our business, could subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities and could impact our financial performance.
our operations and the products we manufacture and/or sell are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety and environmental laws. compliance with such existing or future laws could subject us to future costs or liabilities, impact our production capabilities, constrict our ability to sell, expand or acquire facilities, restrict what products and services we can offer, and generally impact our financial performance. some of these laws are environmental and relate to the use, disposal, clean up of, and exposure to certain substances. for example, in the u.s., laws often require parties to fund remedial studies or actions regardless of fault and often times in response to action or omissions that were legal at the time they occurred. we continue to incur disposal costs and have ongoing remediation obligations. changes to environmental laws or our discovery of additional obligations under these laws could have a negative impact on our financial performance.
laws focused on: (i) the energy efficiency of electronic products and accessories, (ii) recycling of both electronic products and packaging, (iii) reducing or eliminating certain hazardous substances in electronic products, (iv) and the transportation of batteries continue to expand significantly. laws pertaining to accessibility features of electronic products, standardization of connectors and power supplies, the transportation of lithium-ion batteries and other aspects of our products are also proliferating. there are also demanding and rapidly changing laws around the globe related to issues such as product safety, radio interference, radio frequency radiation exposure, medical related functionality, and consumer and social mandates pertaining to use of wireless or electronic equipment. these laws, and changes to these laws, could have a substantial impact on whether we can offer certain products, solutions and services, on product costs, and on what capabilities and characteristics our products or services can or must include.
these laws could impact our products and negatively affect our ability to manufacture and sell products competitively. we expect these trends to continue. in addition, we anticipate that we will see increased demand to meet voluntary criteria related to reduction or elimination of certain constituents from products, increasing energy efficiency, and providing additional accessibility.
we may be unable to obtain components and parts that are verified to be democratic republic of congo ("drc") conflict free, which could result in reputational damage if we disclose that our products include minerals that have been identified as "not found to be drc conflict free" or if we disclose that we are unable to determine whether such minerals are included in our products.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act included disclosure requirements regarding the use of tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold (which are defined as "conflict minerals") in our products and if the origin of these materials were from the drc or an adjoining country. if the minerals originated from the drc or an adjoining country then a company must disclose the measures it has taken to exercise due diligence and chain of custody to prevent the sourcing of such minerals that have been found to be financing conflict in the drc. there is a limited pool of suppliers who can provide verifiable drc conflict free components and parts, particularly since our supply chain is complex. as a result, we may be required to publicly disclose that we are not currently able to determine if the products we manufactured in 2016 are drc conflict free. for future reporting years, if the industry systems that we are relying on are not mature enough for us to make a definitive conflict free determination, we may have to declare our products as "not found to be drc conflict free," or such other definitional standard as determined by the sec and/or the judicial system and we may face reputational challenges with our customers, other stockholders and the activist community as a result. in addition, the european union has passed conflict minerals legislation which may have an impact on our reporting obligations and compliance programs in europe.
item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a discussion and analysis of our financial position as of december 31, 2016 and 2015 and results of operations for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2016. this commentary should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto appearing under "item 8: financial statements and supplementary data."
executive overview recent developments on february 19, 2016, we completed the acquisition of guardian digital communications limited ("gdcl"), a holding company of airwave solutions limited ("airwave"), the largest private operator of a public safety network in the world. all of the outstanding equity of gdcl was acquired for the sum of £1, after which we invested into gdcl £698 million, net of cash acquired, or approximately $1.0 billion, to settle all third party debt. we will make a deferred cash payment of £64 million on november 15, 2018. we funded the investment with a $675 million term loan (the "term loan"), which was subsequently repaid on december 30, 2016, and approximately $400 million of international cash on hand. the acquisition of gdcl enables us to geographically diversify our global managed & support services offerings, while offering a proven service delivery platform to build on for providing innovative, leading, mission-critical communications solutions and services to customers.
on november 10, 2016, we completed the acquisition of spillman technologies, a provider of comprehensive law enforcement and public safety software solutions, for a gross purchase price of $217 million using cash on hand. the acquisition expands our command center software and services portfolio and enables us to offer a full suite of solutions to a broader customer base.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, we relocated our global headquarters from schaumburg, il to chicago, il. the move provides us with access to key talent and allows the company to optimize the schaumburg campus for current space requirements.
our business we are a leading global provider of mission-critical communication infrastructure, devices, accessories, software, and services. our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. we serve our customers with a global footprint of sales in more than 100 countries and 14,000 employees worldwide based on our industry leading innovation and a deep portfolio of products and services.
we conduct our business globally and manage it by two segments:
products: the products segment is comprised of devices and systems. devices includes two-way portable and vehicle mounted radios, accessories, and software features and upgrades. systems includes the radio network core and central processing software, base stations, consoles, repeaters, and software applications and features. the primary customers of the products segment are government, public safety and first-responder agencies, municipalities, and commercial and industrial customers who operate private communications networks and manage a mobile workforce. in 2016, the segment's net sales were $3.6 billion, representing 60% of our consolidated net sales.
services: the services segment provides a full set of service offerings for government, public safety, and commercial communication networks including: (i) integration services, (ii) managed & support services, and (iii) iden services. integration services includes the implementation, optimization, and integration of systems, devices, software, and applications. managed & support services includes a continuum of service offerings beginning with repair, technical support, and hardware maintenance. more advanced offerings include network monitoring, software maintenance, and cyber security services. managed service offerings range from partial or full operation of customer owned networks to operation of motorola solutions owned networks. services and saas offerings are provided across all radio network technologies, command center consoles, and smart public safety solutions. iden services consists primarily of hardware and software maintenance services for our legacy iden customers. in 2016, the segment's net sales were $2.4 billion, representing 40% of our consolidated net sales.
trends affecting our business impact of macroeconomic conditions: the stronger u.s. dollar and weakening economic conditions have had a negative impact on sales, particularly in latin america, parts of emea, and china. additionally, the strengthening dollar has reduced the purchasing power of our customers, and economic challenges have negatively impacted government budgets and funds available for the purchase of our products in these regions.
the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on net earnings is mitigated by the following: (i) the majority of our revenues are derived from contracts within north america denominated in u.s. dollars, (ii) the cost of sales for the delivery of our services offerings are predominately labor costs incurred within the same geographic region as the associated sales, resulting in minimal impact of foreign exchange rates on gross margin within the services segment, and (iii) a significant portion of our operating expenses are denominated in foreign currencies as a result of our offshore r&d and selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") footprint.
26
growth of our services portfolio: our services segment is expected to grow at a higher rate than our products segment. overall, the services segment has a lower gross margin percentage than the products segment, but we expect consolidated operating margins to continue to expand.
iden: we have experienced a downward trend in iden product and services sales over recent years due to decreased demand as a result of the dated nature of the technology. we expect the downward trend to continue as service contracts expire and new technology replaces iden equipment in the marketplace. this trend primarily relates to our services segment as the majority of iden sales are hardware and software maintenance services. the expected decline in iden sales of approximately $50 million in 2017 will impact both revenues and gross margins within the services segment as iden services' gross margins are generally higher than the remainder of our services portfolio.
change in presentation during the first quarter of 2016, we restructured our regions operationally combining the europe and africa and middle east regions into one region which is now reflected as europe, middle east, and africa ("emea"). accordingly, we now report net sales in the following four geographic regions: north america, latin america, emea, and asia pacific ("ap"). we have updated all periods presented to reflect this change in presentation.
2016 financial results and accomplishments
•   ended 2016 with a record backlog position of $8.4 billion, up 29% compared to 2015
•   net sales were $6.0 billion in 2016 compared to $5.7 billion in 2015. net sales grew in emea, including $462 million from the acquisition of gdcl, north america and ap
•   operating earnings were $1.1 billion in 2016, compared to $1.0 billion in 2015
•   earnings from continuing operations were $560 million, or $3.24 per diluted common share in 2016, compared to earnings of $640 million, or $3.17 per diluted common share in 2015
•   operating cash flow increased $144 million to $1.2 billion in 2016
•   returned $1.1 billion of capital in the form of $842 million in share repurchases and $280 million in dividends 2016
•   invested $1.3 billion in four acquisitions of software and services companies
•   increased our quarterly dividend by 15% to $0.47 per share in november 2016
financial results for our two segments in 2016
•   in the products segment, net sales were $3.6 billion in 2016, a decrease of $27 million, or 1%, compared to $3.7 billion in 2015. on a geographic basis, net sales decreased in emea and latin america and increased in north america and ap, compared to 2015. operating earnings were $734 million in 2016, compared to $704 million in 2015. operating margin increased in 2016 to 20.1% from 19.2% in 2015.
•   in the services segment, net sales were $2.4 billion in 2016, an increase of $370 million, or 18%, compared to $2.0 billion in 2015. managed &amp; support services grew 49% primarily due to the acquisition of gdcl. managed &amp; support services grew 5% organically. on a geographic basis, net sales increased in emea, north america, and ap and decreased in la compared to 2015. operating earnings were $333 million in 2016, compared to $290 million in 2015. operating margin decreased in 2016 to 13.9% from 14.4% in 2015.
looking forward we remain committed to driving shareholder value with revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. we strive to optimize our capital structure to enable prioritized investments in the business and targeted acquisitions as a source of generating solid future operating cash flows. these potential investments are balanced against returning excess capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. we expect to continue the quarterly dividends that were initiated in 2011, as well as the opportunity to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases. our share repurchase program has approximately $2.2 billion of authority available as of december 31, 2016.
entering 2017, we believe we are well-positioned to compete in both our core markets and adjacent growth areas. we have a broad, compelling products and services portfolio specifically tailored for our mission-critical communications customer base that spans many layers of governments, public safety, and first responders, as well as commercial and industrial customers in a number of key verticals. as we add new products, features, and software upgrades, we ensure our solutions are interoperable and backward-compatible, enabling customers to confidently invest for their future needs while allowing them to utilize their prior investment in our technology.
supplementing our traditional core business is our investment in our managed & support services business and software solutions in the command center. as communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. we expect to continue to see growing demands for our managed & support services going forward. these services offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. we expect our overall revenue mix to continue to shift towards software and services over time. on february 19, 2016, the company expanded our managed & support services business with the acquisition of gdcl, the largest private operator of a public safety network in the world, delivering mission-critical voice and data communications to more than 300 public service agencies in great britain. additionally, we expanded our software solutions
27
portfolio in 2016 with the acquisition of three software and services businesses that provide software solutions in the command center and mobile applications for public safety.
another key technology trend complementing our existing business is the expanded use of broadband lte by our customers. we have been proactively investing in next-generation public safety broadband solutions for years, as we believe public safety lte solutions are the next-generation tool for our public safety first-responder customers. we believe our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to provide these public safety broadband solutions to this customer base. we have now won the four largest public safety lte network installations awarded to date and expect lte sales to represent a larger portion of our revenue in the coming years.
28
results of operations years ended december 31
(dollars in millions, except per share amounts)                           2016               % of                2015               % of                2014                % of sales **                               sales **                                sales **
net sales from products                                             $3,649                                 $3,676                                 $3,807
net sales from services                                              2,389                                  2,019                                  2,074
net sales                                                            6,038                                  5,695                                  5,881
costs of product sales                                               1,649            45.2      %           1,625            44.2      %           1,678             44.1      %
costs of services sales                                              1,520            63.6      %           1,351            66.9      %           1,372             66.2      %
costs of sales                                                       3,169            52.5      %           2,976            52.3      %           3,050             51.9      %
gross margin                                                         2,869            47.5      %           2,719            47.7      %           2,831             48.1      %
selling, general and administrative expenses                         1,000            16.6      %           1,021            17.9      %           1,184             20.1      %
research and development expenditures                                  553             9.2      %             620            10.9      %             681             11.6      %
other charges                                                          249             4.1      %              84             1.5      %           1,972             33.5      %
operating earnings (loss)                                            1,067            17.7      %             994            17.5      %          (1,006   )        (17.1     )%
other income (expense):
interest expense, net                                                 (205   )        (3.4     )%            (173   )        (3.0     )%            (126   )         (2.1     )%
gains (losses) on sales of investments and businesses, net              (6   )        (0.1     )%             107             1.9      %               5              0.1      %
other                                                                  (12   )        (0.2     )%             (11   )        (0.2     )%             (34   )         (0.6     )%
total other expense                                                   (223   )        (3.7     )%             (77   )        (1.4     )%            (155   )         (2.6     )%
earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes         844            14.0      %             917            16.1      %          (1,161   )        (19.7     )%
income tax expense (benefit)                                           282             4.7      %             274             4.8      %            (465   )         (7.9     )%
earnings (loss) from continuing operations                             562             9.3      %             643            11.3      %            (696   )        (11.8     )%
less: earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests                  2               -      %               3             0.1      %               1                -      %
earnings (loss) from continuing operations*                            560             9.3      %             640            11.2      %            (697   )        (11.9     )%
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                 -               -      %             (30   )        (0.5     )%           1,996             33.9      %
net earnings*                                                         $560             9.3      %            $610            10.7      %          $1,299             22.1      %
earnings (loss) per diluted common share*:
continuing operations                                                $3.24                                  $3.17                                 $(2.84   )
discontinued operations                                                  -                                  (0.15   )                               8.13
earnings per diluted common share*                                   $3.24                                  $3.02                                  $5.29
*    amounts attributable to motorola solutions, inc. common shareholders.
**    percentages may not add due to rounding.
geographic market sales by locale of end customer
2016                          2015        2014
north america   63   %      65   %      61   %
latin america    5   %       6   %       9   %
emea            21   %      17   %      19   %
ap              11   %      12   %      11   %
100                  %     100   %     100   %
29
results of operations-2016 compared to 2015
net sales net sales were $6.0 billion in 2016, up $343 million, or 6%, compared to $5.7 billion in 2015. the increase in net sales is reflective of growth in emea, north america, and ap partially offset by a decrease in latin america. emea grew on services sales, partially offset by lower products sales. the increase in emea services sales was due to expansion of our managed & support services, primarily from the acquisition of gdcl which provided $462 million of net sales during the year ended december 31, 2016. north america and ap grew on both services and products sales. the decrease in latin america was the result of lower products and services sales primarily due to macroeconomic pressures.
gross margin gross margin was $2.9 billion, or 47.5% of net sales in 2016, compared to $2.7 billion, or 47.7% of net sales in 2015. the decrease in gross margin percentage was driven by higher employee separation costs as a result of headcount reductions, offset by gross margin expansion within the services segment driven by our managed & support services portfolio, primarily due to the acquisition of gdcl, which has higher margins than our legacy portfolio.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses decreased 2% to $1.0 billion, or 16.6% of net sales in 2016, compared to $1.0 billion, or 17.9% of net sales in 2015. the decrease in sg&a expenditures is primarily due to cost savings initiatives, including headcount reductions, partially offset by higher incentive compensation and acquisitions costs.
research and development expenditures r&d expenditures decreased 11% to $553 million, or 9.2% of net sales in 2016, compared to $620 million, or 10.9% of net sales in 2015. the decrease in r&d expenditures is primarily due to: (i) cost savings initiatives, including headcount reductions, and (ii) the movement of employees to lower cost work sites.
other charges we recorded net other charges of $249 million in 2016, compared to net charges of $84 million in 2015. the charges in 2016 included: (i) $113 million of charges relating to the amortization of intangibles, (ii) $97 million of net reorganization of business charges, including a $17 million building impairment and a $3 million impairment on our corporate aircraft, (iii) $26 million of losses on settlements within a non-u.s. pension plan, and (iv) $13 million of transaction fees on the acquisition of gdcl. the charges in 2015 included: (i) $108 million of net reorganization of business charges, including a $31 million impairment of our corporate aircraft which was sold and (ii) $8 million of charges relating to the amortization of intangibles, partially offset by a $32 million non-u.s. pension curtailment gain. the net reorganization of business charges are discussed in further detail in the "reorganization of businesses" section.
net interest expense net interest expense was $205 million in 2016 compared to $173 million in 2015. the increase in net interest expense in 2016 compared to 2015 was a result of higher outstanding debt balances.
gains (losses) on sales of investments and businesses, net net losses on sales of investments and businesses were $6 million in 2016, compared to net gains on sales of investments and businesses of $107 million in 2015. the net losses in 2016 consisted primarily of: (i) a $19 million loss on the sale of an investment in united kingdom treasury securities and (ii) a $7 million loss from the sale of our malaysia manufacturing operations, partially offset by $20 million of gains on the sales of equity investments. the net gains in 2015 were related to the sales of equity investments.
other net other expense was $12 million in 2016, compared to $11 million in 2015. the net other expense in 2016 was primarily comprised of: (i) a $56 million loss on derivative instruments, (ii) a $10 million foreign currency loss on currency purchased and held in anticipation of the acquisition of gdcl, (iii) a $4 million investment impairment, and (iv) a $2 million loss on the extinguishment of long-term debt, partially offset by: (i) a $46 million foreign currency gain, (ii) $9 million of other non-operating gains, and (iii) a $5 million gain on equity method investments. the net other expense in 2015 was primarily comprised of: (i) a $23 million foreign currency loss and (ii) a $6 million investment impairment, partially offset by: (i) a $7 million gain on derivative instruments, (ii) a $6 million gain on equity method investments, and (iii) $5 million of other non-operating gains.
effective tax rate we recorded $282 million of net tax expense in 2016, resulting in an effective tax rate of 33%, compared to $274 million of net tax expense in 2015, resulting in an effective tax rate of 30%. our effective tax rate in 2016 and 2015 were lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate of 35% primarily due to lower tax rates on non-u.s. income.
our effective tax rate will change from period to period based on non-recurring events, such as the settlement of income tax audits, changes in valuation allowances, and the tax impact of significant unusual or extraordinary items, as well as recurring factors including changes in the geographic mix of income and effects of various global income tax strategies.
30
earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to motorola solutions, inc.
after taxes, we had earnings from continuing operations attributable to motorola solutions, inc. of $560 million, or $3.24 per diluted share, in 2016, compared to $640 million, or $3.17 per diluted share, in 2015.
the decrease in earnings from continuing operations in 2016, as compared to 2015, was primarily driven by: (i) a $165 million increase in other charges primarily due to the increase in intangible amortization expense and (ii) a $113 million decrease in gains on sales of investments and businesses, partially offset by: (i) a $150 million increase in gross margin, (ii) a $67 million decrease in r&d, and (iii) a $21 million decrease in sg&a. the increase in earnings from continuing operations per diluted share was driven by lower shares outstanding as a result of repurchases made through our ongoing share repurchase program, offset by a decrease in earnings from continuing operations.
earnings from discontinued operations in 2016, we reported no earnings from discontinued operations, compared to a loss from discontinued operations of $30 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, in 2015. the loss from discontinued operations in 2015 was related to the sale of the enterprise business.
results of operations-2015 compared to 2014
net sales net sales were $5.7 billion in 2015, down $186 million, or 3% compared to $5.9 billion in 2014. the decline in net sales is reflective of decreases in emea and latin america, partially offset by growth in north america and ap. the decrease in emea and latin america was primarily the result of lower products and services sales, driven by challenging macroeconomic conditions in latin america and eastern europe, and foreign exchange rate unfavorability. north america grew on strong products and services sales and ap grew on stronger products sales.
gross margin gross margin was $2.7 billion, or 47.7% of net sales in 2015, compared to $2.8 billion, or 48.1% of net sales in 2014. the decrease in gross margin was primarily a result of foreign exchange rate unfavorability. the decrease in gross margin percentage is primarily attributable to a decrease in gross margin as a percentage of sales within the services segment while the gross margin percentage of the products segment remained relatively flat. the decrease in gross margin percentage in the services segment was primarily driven by: (i) a decrease in north america integration services margins due to the deployment of certain large projects at lower gross margins and (ii) lower net sales in iden services which have a slightly higher gross margin percentage compared to the rest of the services portfolio.
selling, general and administrative expenses sg&a expenses decreased 14% to $1.0 billion, or 17.9% of net sales in 2015, compared to $1.2 billion, or 20.1% of net sales in 2014. the decrease in sg&a is primarily due to: (i) cost savings initiatives, including headcount reductions, (ii) lower pension expenses, and (iii) the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals.
research and development expenditures r&d expenditures decreased 9% to $620 million, or 10.9% of net sales in 2015, compared to $681 million, or 11.6% of net sales in 2014. the decrease in r&d expenditures is primarily due to: (i) cost savings initiatives, including headcount reductions, and the movement of employees to lower cost work sites and (ii) the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, partially offset by higher incentive compensation accruals.
other charges we recorded net charges of $84 million in 2015, compared to net charges of $2.0 billion in 2014. the charges in 2015 included: (i) $108 million of net reorganization of business charges, including a $31 million impairment of the corporate aircraft and (ii) $8 million of charges relating to the amortization of intangibles, partially offset by a $32 million non-u.s. pension curtailment gain. the charges in 2014 included: (i) a $1.9 billion charge related to the settlement of a u.s. pension plan, (ii) $64 million of net reorganization of business charges, (iii) $8 million of legal settlement charges, and (iv) $4 million of charges relating to the amortization of intangibles, partially offset by a $21 million gain on the sale of a building and land. the net reorganization of business charges are discussed in further detail in the "reorganization of business" section.
net interest expense net interest expense was $173 million in 2015, compared to net interest expense of $126 million in 2014. the increase in interest expense in 2015 compared to 2014 was a result of higher outstanding debt balances.
gains (losses) on sales of investments and businesses, net net gains on sales of investments and businesses were $107 million in 2015, compared to $5 million in 2014. the net gains in 2015 and 2014 were related to the sales of equity investments.
31
other net other expense was $11 million in 2015, compared to net other expense of $34 million in 2014. the net other expense in 2015 was primarily comprised of: (i) a $23 million foreign currency loss and (ii) a $6 million investment impairment, partially offset by: (i) a $7 million gain on derivative instruments, (ii) a $6 million gain on equity method investments, and (iii) $5 million of other non-operating gains. net other expense in 2014 was primarily comprised of: (i) a $37 million loss on the extinguishment of debt, (ii) a $4 million loss on derivative instruments, (iii) a $3 million foreign currency loss, and (iv) $6 million of other non-operating losses, partially offset by a $16 million gain on equity method investments.
effective tax rate we recorded a $274 million net tax expense in 2015, resulting in an effective tax rate of 30%, compared to $465 million of net tax benefit in 2014, resulting in an effective tax rate of 40%. our effective tax rate in 2015 was lower than the u.s. statutory tax rate of 35% primarily due to lower tax rates on non-u.s. income.
our effective tax rate in 2014 was favorably impacted by: (i) state tax benefits on the pension settlement loss, (ii) $29 million in tax benefits associated with the net reduction in unrecognized tax benefits, and (iii) $19 million in net reduction in our deferred tax liability for undistributed foreign earnings primarily due to changes in permanent reinvestment assertions. these benefits were partially offset by tax expense for the establishment of a $55 million valuation allowance on certain foreign deferred tax assets.
earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to motorola solutions, inc.
after taxes, we had earnings from continuing operations attributable to motorola solutions, inc. of $640 million, or $3.17 per diluted share, in 2015, compared to a net loss from continuing operations attributable to motorola solutions, inc. of $697 million, or a loss of $2.84 per diluted share, in 2014.
the increase in earnings (loss) from continuing operations in 2015, as compared to 2014, was primarily driven by: (i) a $1.9 billion decrease in other charges, (ii) a $163 million decrease in sg&a, and (ii) a $61 million decrease in r&d. the increase in earnings from continuing operations per diluted share was driven by a reduction in shares outstanding, primarily as a result of our "dutch auction" tender offer, as well as repurchases made through our ongoing share repurchase program, and an increase in earnings from continuing operations.
earnings from discontinued operations in 2015, we reported a $30 million, or $0.15 per diluted share, loss from discontinued operations, compared to earnings from discontinued operations of $2.0 billion, or $8.13 per diluted share, in 2014. the earnings (loss) from discontinued operations in both 2015 and 2014 were primarily related to the sale of the enterprise business.
segment information the following commentary should be read in conjunction with the financial results of each operating business segment as detailed in note 12, "information by segment and geographic region," of our consolidated financial statements. net sales and operating results for our two segments for 2016, 2015, and 2014 are presented below.
products segment the products segment's net sales represented 60% of our consolidated net sales in 2016, compared to 65% in 2015 and 2014.
years ended december 31                      percent change
(dollars in millions)                 2016                  2015                  2014        2016-2015        2015-2014
segment net sales              $3,649                $3,676                $3,807             (1     )%        (3     )%
operating earnings (loss)         734                   704                  (667    )   4            %        n/m
* n/m = percent change is not meaningful due to the comparison using prior year operating losses as a basis for the calculation.
segment results-2016 compared to 2015
the segment's net sales decreased $27 million, or 1%, to $3.6 billion in 2016, as compared to $3.7 billion in 2015. the decrease in the segment's net sales was primarily driven by: (i) a decrease in global systems sales, (ii) decreases in both devices and systems sales in latin america primarily due to macroeconomic conditions, and (iii) unfavorable foreign exchange rates with a strengthening u.s. dollar in emea, latin america, and ap, partially offset by growth in devices in na. on a geographic basis, net sales decreased in emea and latin america and increased in north america and ap in 2016, compared to 2015. the segment's backlog was $1.5 billion at december 31, 2016 and $1.2 billion at december 31, 2015.
net sales in north america continued to comprise a significant portion of the segment's business, accounting for approximately 69% of the segment's net sales in 2016, up from 67% of the segment's net sales in 2015.
32
the segment had operating earnings of $734 million in 2016, compared to $704 million in 2015. the increase in operating earnings in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven primarily by: (i) lower sg&a and r&d expenditures as a result of cost savings initiatives including headcount reductions, partially offset by an increase in other charges.
segment results-2015 compared to 2014
the segment's net sales decreased $131 million, or 3%, to $3.7 billion in 2015, as compared to $3.8 billion in 2014. the decrease in the segment's net sales was primarily driven by: (i) the effect of unfavorable foreign exchange rates with a strengthening u.s. dollar in emea, latin america, and ap, (ii) decreases in devices and systems sales in latin america and emea impacted by the reduced purchasing power of our customers caused by the devaluation of their local currency and macroeconomic conditions, (iii) a decrease in systems sales in north america, and (iv) a decline in devices sales in ap, partially offset by: (i) growth in devices sales in north america and (ii) increased systems sales in ap. on a geographic basis, net sales decreased in emea and latin america and increased in north america and ap in 2015, compared to 2014. the segment's backlog was $1.2 billion at both december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014.
net sales in north america continued to comprise a significant portion of the segment's business, accounting for approximately 67% of the segment's net sales in 2015, up from 62% of the segment's net sales in 2014.
the segment had operating earnings of $704 million in 2015, compared to an operating loss of $667 million in 2014. the increase in operating earnings in 2015 compared to 2014 was driven primarily by: (i) a decrease in other charges as a result of a $1.3 billion expense related to the 2014 settlement of a u.s. pension plan, (ii) lower sg&a expenditures as a result of cost savings initiatives, including headcount reductions, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, and reduced pension expenses, and (iii) lower r&d expenditures driven by cost savings initiatives and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates.
services segment the services segment's net sales represented 40% of our consolidated net sales in 2016, compared to 35% in 2015 and 2014 respectively.
years ended december 31                       percent change
(dollars in millions)                 2016                  2015                  2014         2016-2015        2015-2014
segment net sales              $2,389                $2,019                $2,074              18      %        (3     )%
operating earnings (loss)         333                   290                  (339    )         15      %        n/m
* n/m = percent change is not meaningful due to the comparison using prior year operating losses as a basis for the calculation.
segment results-2016 compared to 2015
the segment's net sales increased $370 million, or 18%, to $2.4 billion in 2016, as compared to $2.0 billion in 2015. the increase in the segment's net sales was primarily driven by higher managed & support services sales from both the acquisition of gdcl as well as organic growth. the acquisition of gdcl provided $462 million of net sales within emea during the year ended december 31, 2016, while the organic managed & support services business grew in north america and ap. this sales growth was partially offset by: (i) a decrease in integration services sales, with a significant decrease in emea related to the winding down of a large system implementation, (ii) declining iden services sales in latin america, and (iii) the effect of unfavorable foreign exchange rates with a strengthening u.s. dollar in emea, latin america, and ap. on a geographic basis, net sales increased in emea, north america, and ap and decreased in latin america in 2016, compared to 2015. the segment's backlog was $6.9 billion at december 31, 2016 and $5.2 billion at december 31, 2015. the increase in the segment's backlog in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven in part by $1.2 billion from the acquisition of gdcl.
net sales in north america continued to comprise a significant portion of the segment's business, accounting for approximately 54% of the segment's net sales in 2016, down from 62% of the segment's net sales in 2015.
the segment had operating earnings of $333 million in 2016 compared to $290 million in 2015. the increase in operating earnings in 2016 compared to 2015 was driven primarily by: (i) increased sales volume generating higher gross margin on our managed & support services, primarily in emea due to the acquisition of gdcl, and (ii) lower sg&a expenditures due to cost savings initiatives, including headcount reductions, partially offset by an increase in other charges, including $105 million of intangible amortization expense, primarily associated with the gdcl acquisition.
segment results-2015 compared to 2014
the segment's net sales decreased $55 million, or 3%, to $2.0 billion in 2015, as compared to $2.1 billion in 2014. the decrease in the segment's net sales was primarily driven by: (i) the effect of unfavorable foreign exchange rates with a strengthening u.s. dollar in emea, latin america, and ap, (ii) lower integration services sales, primarily in emea, related to the winding down of a large system implementation in norway, and (iii) declining iden services sales in latin america, partially offset by an increase in managed & support services in north america. on a geographic basis, net sales for 2015 decreased in emea, latin america, and ap and increased in north america, compared to 2014. the segment's backlog was $5.2 billion at december 31, 2015 and $4.6 billion at december 31, 2014. the increase in the segment's backlog in 2015 compared to 2014 was driven in part by the united kingdom government lte contract awarded in 2015.
33
net sales in north america continued to comprise a significant portion of the segment's business, accounting for approximately 62% of the segment's net sales in 2015, up from 59% of the segment's net sales in 2014.
the segment had operating earnings of $290 million in 2015, compared to an operating loss of $339 million in 2014. the increase in operating earnings in 2015 compared to 2014 was driven primarily by: (i) a decrease in other charges as a result of a $584 million expense related to the 2014 settlement of a u.s. pension plan and (ii) lower sg&a expenditures as a result of cost savings initiatives, including headcount reductions, the favorable impact of foreign exchange rates, and reduced pension expenses.
reorganization of businesses during 2016 we implemented various productivity improvement plans aimed at continuing operating margin improvements by driving efficiencies and reducing operating costs. in 2016, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of $140 million relating to the separation of 1,300 employees, of which 900 were indirect employees and 400 were direct employees. the $140 million of charges included $43 million recorded to cost of sales and $97 million recorded to other charges. included in the aggregate $140 million are charges of: (i) $120 million for employee separation costs, (ii) $20 million for impairments, including $17 million for a building impairment and $3 million for the impairment of the corporate aircraft, and (iii) $5 million for exit costs, partially offset by $5 million of reversals for accruals no longer needed.
during 2015, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of $117 million relating to the separation of 1,100 employees, of which 900 were indirect employees and 200 were direct employees. the $117 million of charges in earnings from continuing operations included $9 million recorded to cost of sales and $108 million recorded to other charges. included in the aggregate $117 million are charges of: (i) $74 million for employee separation costs, (ii) $31 million for the impairment of the corporate aircraft, (iii) $10 million for exit costs, and (iv) a $6 million building impairment charge, partially offset by $4 million of reversals for accruals no longer needed.
during 2014, we recorded net reorganization of business charges of $96 million relating to the separation of 1,200 employees, of which 900 were indirect employees and 300 were direct employees. of these charges, $23 million was related to discontinued operations. the remaining $73 million of charges in earnings (loss) from continuing operations included $9 million recorded to cost of sales and $64 million recorded to other charges. included in the aggregate $73 million are charges of: (i) $67 million for employee separation costs and (ii) $7 million related to charges for exit costs, partially offset by $1 million of reversals for accruals no longer needed.
the following table displays the net charges incurred by business segment:
years ended december 31          2016              2015            2014
products                     $106               $84             $48
services                       34                33              25
$140              $117             $73
cash payments for exit costs and employee severance in connection with the reorganization of business plans were $79 million, $71 million, and $148 million in 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. the reorganization of business accruals at december 31, 2016 were $101 million, of which $94 million relates to employee separation costs that are expected to be paid within one year and $7 million relates primarily to lease termination obligations that are expected to be paid over a number of years.
liquidity and capital resources we decreased the aggregate of our cash and cash equivalent balances from $2.0 billion as of december 31, 2015 to $1.0 billion as of december 31, 2016. the decrease is primarily due to: (i) $1.1 billion of capital returned to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends paid, and (ii) $1.0 billion paid in the acquisition of gdcl, offset by $1.2 billion of cash generated by operating activities.
as highlighted in the consolidated statements of cash flows, our liquidity and available capital resources are impacted by four key components: (i) cash and cash equivalents, (ii) operating activities, (iii) investing activities, and (iv) financing activities.
cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2016, $575 million of the $1.0 billion cash and cash equivalents balance was held in the u.s. and $455 million was held by the company or its subsidiaries in other countries, with approximately $138 million held in the united kingdom. restricted cash was approximately $63 million at both december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015.
we continue to analyze and review various repatriation strategies to efficiently repatriate cash. in 2016, we repatriated approximately $288 million in cash to the u.s. from international jurisdictions. undistributed earnings that we intend to reinvest indefinitely, and for which no u.s. income taxes have been provided, aggregate to $1.6 billion at december 31, 2016. we currently have no plans to repatriate the foreign earnings permanently reinvested. if circumstances change and it becomes
34
apparent that some or all of the permanently reinvested earnings will be remitted to the u.s. in the foreseeable future, an additional income tax charge may be necessary.
where appropriate, we may also pursue capital reduction activities; however, such activities can be involved and lengthy. while we regularly repatriate funds, and a portion of offshore funds can be repatriated with minimal adverse financial impact, repatriation of some of these funds may be subject to delay for local country approvals and could have potential adverse cash tax consequences.
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations in 2016 was $1.2 billion, compared to cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations of $1.0 billion in 2015 and cash used by operating activities from continuing operations of $637 million in 2014. operating cash flows in 2016, as compared to 2015, were positively impacted by high earnings from continuing operations (adjusted for net non-cash charges), offset by higher employee incentive compensation payments. operating cash flows in 2015, as compared to 2014, were positively impacted by: (i) an increase in earnings from continuing operations, (ii) reduced pension contributions, and (iii) higher sales of accounts receivable.
we made $3 million of contributions to our u.s. pension plans during 2016, compared to $3 million contributed in 2015, and $1.1 billion contributed in 2014. in addition, we contributed $8 million, $10 million, and $237 million to our non-u.s. pension plans during 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively. we expect to make approximately $9 million of cash contributions in 2017, primarily to our non-u.s. pension benefit plans in 2017.
investing activities net cash used by investing activities from continuing operations was $1 billion in 2016, compared to net cash used by investing activities from continuing operations of $528 million in 2015 and net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations of $3.2 billion in 2014. the $474 million increase in net cash used by investing activities from 2015 to 2016 was primarily due to the acquisition of gdcl for $1.0 billion and spillman for $217 million, offset by the sale of an investment of $382 million used to fund the acquisition of gdcl. the $3.7 billion decrease in net cash provided by investing activities from 2014 to 2015 was primarily due to proceeds provided by the sale of the enterprise business in 2014 compared to cash used for a $401 million investment earmarked for the purchase of gdcl in 2015.
acquisitions and investments:  we used net cash of $1.5 billion for acquisitions and new investment activities in 2016, compared to $586 million in 2015, and $47 million in 2014. we paid cash of $1.0 billion during 2016 related to the acquisition of gdcl, $217 million for the acquisition of spillman, and $26 million related to the acquisition of other software and services related businesses. the remainder of the cash was used for several debt and equity investments. in 2015, we invested $401 million in order to partially offset our foreign currency risk associated with the purchase of gdcl. we liquidated these investments in february 2016 to partially fund the acquisition. additionally, we paid $49 million for the acquisition of two public safety software solution providers, as well as several debt and equity investments. the cash used in 2014 was for the acquisition of an equipment provider for $22 million and a number of equity investments.
sales of investments and businesses:  we received $670 million of proceeds in 2016 compared to $230 million in 2015 and $3.4 billion in 2014. the $670 million of cash provided by investments in 2016 primarily consisted of: (i) $382 million from the sale of an investment used to finance the acquisition of gdcl, (ii) $242 million from the sales of various debt and equity securities, and (iii) $46 million from the sale of our penang, malaysia facility and manufacturing operations. the $230 million of cash received in 2015 was primarily comprised of: (i) $49 million reimbursement from zebra for cash transferred with the sale of the enterprise business in conjunction with legal entities sold through a stock sale, (ii) $107 million from the sale of two equity investments, (iii) $13 million net cash received from zebra for the final purchase price adjustment, as well as for reimbursement of liabilities of the enterprise business paid on zebra's behalf, and (iv) proceeds from the sale of various debt and equity securities, partially offset by $27 million of net cash transferred in conjunction with the sale of our ownership interest in a majority owned subsidiary to the entity's noncontrolling interest. the $3.4 billion of cash received in 2014 was primarily comprised of proceeds from the sale of the enterprise business.
capital expenditures: capital expenditures were $271 million in 2016, compared to $175 million in 2015, and $181 million in 2014. the increase in capital spending in 2016, as compared to 2015, was primarily driven by a increase in revenue-generating network expenditures, information technology spend and facilities expenditures. the decrease in capital spending in 2015, as compared to 2014, was primarily driven by an decrease in revenue-generating network expenditures.
sales of property, plant, and equipment: we had $73 million of proceeds related to the sale of property, plant, and equipment in 2016, compared to $3 million in 2015 and $33 million in 2014. the proceeds in 2016 were comprised of $54 million from the sale of buildings and land on the schaumburg, il campus and $19 million received from the sale of fixed assets. the proceeds in 2015 and 2014 were primarily comprised of sales of buildings and land.
35
financing activities net cash used for financing activities was $1.0 billion in 2016 compared to $2.4 billion in 2015 and $1.8 billion in 2014. cash used for financing activities in 2016 was primarily comprised of: (i) $842 million used for purchases of common stock under our share repurchase program and (ii) $280 million of cash used for the payment of dividends, partially offset by $93 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with our employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans.
cash used for financing activities in 2015 was primarily comprised of: (i) $3.2 billion used for purchases of common stock under our share repurchase program and (ii) $277 million of cash used for the payment of dividends, partially offset by: (i) $971 million of net proceeds from the issuance of the senior convertible notes and (ii) $84 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with our employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans.
cash used for financing activities in 2014 was primarily comprised of: (i) $2.5 billion used for purchases of our common stock under our share repurchase program, (ii) $465 million of cash used for the repayment of debt, and (iii) $318 million of cash used for the payment of dividends, partially offset by: (i) $1.4 billion of net proceeds from the issuance of debt, (ii) $87 million of net proceeds from the issuance of common stock in connection with our employee stock option and employee stock purchase plans, and (iii) $93 million of distributions received from discontinued operations.
current and long-term debt:  we had outstanding long-term debt of $4.4 billion and $4.3 billion, including the current portions of $4 million, at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively.
on august 25, 2015, we entered into an agreement with silver lake partners to issue $1.0 billion of 2% senior convertible notes which mature in september 2020. interest on these notes is payable semiannually. the notes are convertible anytime on or after two years from their issuance date, except in certain limited circumstances including, for example, if the volume weighted average price of the company's stock exceeds $85 for ten consecutive trading days, then up to 20% of the notes may be transferred or converted to shares of company stock. the notes are convertible based on a conversion rate of 14.5985 per $1,000 principal amount (which is equal to an initial conversion price of $68.50 per share). in the event of conversion, we intend to settle the principal amount of the senior convertible notes in cash.
in connection with the completion of the acquisition of gdcl, we entered into a new term loan credit agreement (the "term loan agreement"), under which we borrowed a term loan (the "term loan") with an initial principal amount of $675 million. interest on the term loan was variable and indexed to libor. we have repaid all amounts borrowed under the term loan as of december 31, 2016.
we have investment grade ratings on our senior unsecured long-term debt from the three largest u.s. national rating agencies. we believe that we will be able to maintain sufficient access to the capital markets. any future disruptions, uncertainty, volatility in the capital markets, or deterioration in our credit ratings may result in higher funding costs for us and adversely affect our ability to access funds.
we may, from time to time, seek to retire certain of our outstanding debt through open market cash purchases, privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors.
share repurchase program:  through actions taken on july 28, 2011, january 30, 2012, july 25, 2012, july 22, 2013, november 4, 2014, and august 3, 2016, the board of directors has authorized an aggregate share repurchase amount of up to $14.0 billion of our outstanding shares of common stock (the "share repurchase program"). the share repurchase program does not have an expiration date. as of december 31, 2016, we have used approximately $11.8 billion of the share repurchase authority, including transaction costs, to repurchase shares, leaving approximately $2.2 billion of authority available for future repurchases.
during 2016, we paid an aggregate of $842 million, including transaction costs, to repurchase 12.0 million shares at an average price of $70.28 per share. during 2015, we paid an aggregate of $3.2 billion, including transaction costs, to repurchase 48.0 million shares at an average price of $66.22. shares repurchased in 2015 include 30.1 million shares repurchased under a modified "dutch auction" tender offer at a tender price of $66.50 for an aggregate of $2.0 billion, including transaction costs. during 2014, we paid an aggregate of $2.5 billion, including transaction costs, to repurchase 39.4 million shares at an average price of $64.63.
36
payment of dividends:  we paid cash dividends to holders of our common stock of $280 million in 2016, $277 million in 2015, and $318 million in 2014. subsequent to quarter end, we paid an additional $77 million in cash dividends to holders of our common stock.
credit facilities as of december 31, 2016, we had a $2.1 billion unsecured syndicated revolving credit facility (the "2014 motorola solutions credit agreement") scheduled to mature on may 29, 2019. we must comply with certain customary covenants, including maximum leverage ratio as defined in the 2014 motorola solutions credit agreement. we were in compliance with our financial covenants as of december 31, 2016. we did not borrow under the 2014 motorola solutions credit agreement during the twelve months ended december 31, 2016. no letters of credit were issued under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2016.
contractual obligations and other purchase commitments summarized in the table and text below are our obligations and commitments to make future payments under long-term debt obligations, lease obligations, purchase obligations and tax obligations as of december 31, 2016.
payments due by period
(in millions)                           total              2017            2018            2019                2020              2021      uncertain             thereafter timeframe long-term debt obligations         $4,437                $4              $5              $5              $1,003              $400          $-                    $3,020
lease obligations                     481                62              58              52                  49                42          -                 218
purchase obligations*                 169               125              30               9                   4                 1          -                     -
tax obligations                        68                29               -               -                   -                 -       39                       -
total contractual obligations      $5,155              $220             $93             $66              $1,056              $443          $39                   $3,238
*amounts included represent firm, non-cancelable commitments.
lease obligations:  we lease certain office, factory and warehouse space, land, information technology and other equipment, principally under non-cancelable operating leases. our future minimum lease obligations, net of minimum sublease rentals, totaled $481 million. rental expense, net of sublease income, was $84 million in 2016, $42 million in 2015, and $62 million in 2014.
purchase obligations:  during the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or establish the parameters defining our requirements. in addition, we have entered into software license agreements which are firm commitments and are not cancelable. we had entered into firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments under such arrangements through 2017. the total payments expected to be made under these agreements are $169 million, of which $168 million relate to take or pay obligations from arrangements with suppliers for the sourcing of inventory supplies and materials. we do not anticipate the cancellation of any of our take or pay agreements in the future and estimate that purchases from these suppliers will exceed the minimum obligations during the agreement periods.
tax obligations:  we have approximately $68 million of unrecognized income tax benefits relating to multiple tax jurisdictions and tax years. based on the potential outcome of our global tax examinations, or the expiration of the statute of limitations for specific jurisdictions, it is reasonably possible that the unrecognized tax benefits will change within the next twelve months. the associated net tax impact on the effective tax rate, exclusive of valuation allowance changes, is estimated to be in the range of a $50 million tax charge to a $30 million tax benefit, with cash payments not expected to exceed $30 million.
commitments under other long-term agreements:  we have entered into certain long-term agreements to purchase software, components, supplies and materials from suppliers which are not "take or pay" in nature. most of the agreements extend for periods of one to three years (three to five years for software). generally, these agreements do not obligate us to make any purchases, and many permit us to terminate the agreement with advance notice (usually ranging from 60 to 180 days). if we were to terminate these agreements, we generally would be liable for certain termination charges, typically based on work performed and supplier on-hand inventory and raw materials attributable to canceled orders. our liability would only arise in the event we terminate the agreements for reasons other than "cause."
we outsource certain corporate functions, such as benefit administration and information technology-related services, under third-party contracts, the longest of which is expected to expire in 2019. our remaining payments under these contracts are approximately $237 million over the remaining life of the contracts; however, these contracts can be terminated. termination would result in a penalty substantially less than the remaining annual contract payments. we would also be required to find another source for these services, including the possibility of performing them in-house.
as is customary in bidding for and completing certain projects and pursuant to a practice we have followed for many years, we have a number of performance/bid bonds, standby letters of credit and surety bonds outstanding (collectively, referred to as "performance bonds"), primarily relating to projects with our government customers. these performance bonds normally have maturities of multiple years and are standard in the industry as a way to give customers a convenient mechanism to seek resolution if a contractor does not satisfy certain requirements under a contract. typically, a customer can draw on the
37
performance bond only if we do not fulfill all terms of a project contract. if such an occasion occurred, we would be obligated to reimburse the institution that issued the performance bond for the amounts paid. in our long history, it has been rare for us to have a performance bond drawn upon. at december 31, 2016, outstanding performance bonds totaled approximately $2.2 billion, compared to $1.8 billion at december 31, 2015. any future disruptions, uncertainty, or volatility in bank, insurance or capital markets, or a change in our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to obtain performance bonds and may result in higher funding costs to obtain such performance bonds.
off-balance sheet arrangements:  at december 31, 2016, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases and guarantees to third parties as described in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements and our obligation to settle the embedded conversion option under the senior convertible notes described in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
long-term customer financing commitments outstanding commitments:  certain purchasers of our products and services may request that we provide long-term financing (defined as financing with a term of greater than one year) in connection with the sale of equipment. these requests may include all or a portion of the purchase price of the products and services. our obligation to provide long-term financing may be conditioned on the issuance of a letter of credit in favor of us by a reputable bank to support the purchaser's credit or a pre-existing commitment from a reputable bank to purchase the long-term receivables from us. we had outstanding commitments to provide long-term financing to third-parties totaling $125 million at december 31, 2016, compared to $112 million at december 31, 2015.
outstanding long-term receivables:  we had non-current long-term receivables of $49 million at december 31, 2016, compared to $47 million at december 31, 2015. there were $2 million of allowances for losses in 2016 and $1 million of allowances for losses in 2015. these long-term receivables are generally interest bearing, with interest rates ranging from 0% to 11%.
sales of receivables from time to time, we sell accounts receivable and long-term receivables to third-parties under one-time arrangements. we may or may not retain the obligation to service the sold accounts receivable and long-term receivables. servicing obligations are limited to collection activities for sold accounts receivables and long-term receivables.
the following table summarizes the proceeds received from sales of accounts receivable and long-term receivables for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014:
years ended december 31                       2016              2015              2014
accounts receivable sales proceeds         $51               $29               $50
long-term receivables sales proceeds       289               196               124
total proceeds from receivable sales      $340              $225              $174
at december 31, 2016, the company had retained servicing obligations for $774 million of long-term receivables, compared to $668 million of long-term receivables at december 31, 2015. servicing obligations are limited to collection activities related to the sales of accounts receivables and long-term receivables.
adequate internal funding resources we believe that we have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the u.s., the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions, as well as cash provided by operations.
other contingencies potential contractual damage claims in excess of underlying contract value:  in certain circumstances, we enter into contracts with customers pursuant to which the damages that could be claimed by the customer for failed performance might exceed the revenue we receive from the contract. contracts with these types of uncapped damages provisions are fairly rare, but individual contracts could still represent meaningful risk. there is a possibility that a claim by a counterparty to one of these contracts could result in expenses that are far in excess of the revenue received from the counterparty in connection with the contract.
indemnification provisions:  we may provide indemnifications for losses that result from the breach of general warranties contained in certain commercial, intellectual property and divestiture agreements. historically, we have not made significant payments under these agreements, nor have there been significant claims asserted against us. however, there is an increasing risk in relation to intellectual property indemnities given the current legal climate. in indemnification cases, payment by us is conditioned on the other party making a claim pursuant to the procedures specified in the particular contract, which procedures typically allow us to challenge the other party's claims. in some instances we may have recourse against third-parties for certain payments made by us. further, our obligations under divestiture agreements for indemnification based on breach of representations and warranties are generally limited in terms of duration, typically not more than 18 months, and for amounts not in excess of a percentage of the contract value.
38
legal matters:  we are a defendant in various lawsuits, claims, and actions, which arise in the normal course of business. in the opinion of management, the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity, or results of operations. however, an unfavorable resolution could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity, or results of operations in the periods in which the matters are ultimately resolved, or in the periods in which more information is obtained that changes management's opinion of the ultimate disposition.
significant accounting policies management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations discusses our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
management bases its estimates and judgments on historical experience, current economic and industry conditions and on various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. this forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. management believes the following significant accounting policies require significant judgment and estimates.
revenue recognition net sales consist of a wide range of activities including the delivery of stand-alone equipment or services, custom design and installation over a period of time, and bundled sales of equipment, software and services. we enter into revenue arrangements that may consist of multiple deliverables of our products and services due to the needs of our customers. we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable, and collectability of the sales price is reasonably assured. we recognize revenue from the sale of equipment, equipment containing both software and nonsoftware components that function together to deliver the equipment's essential functionality, and services in accordance with general revenue recognition accounting principles. we recognize revenue in accordance with software accounting guidance for the following types of sales transactions: (i) stand alone sales of software products or software upgrades, (ii) stand alone sales of software maintenance agreements, and (iii) sales of software bundled with equipment where the software is not essential to the functionality of that equipment.
products for equipment sales, in addition to the criteria mentioned above, revenue recognition occurs when title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer, objective evidence exists that customer acceptance provisions have been met, no significant obligations remain and allowances for discounts, price protection, returns and customer incentives can be reliably estimated. recorded revenues are reduced by these allowances. we base our estimates of these allowances on historical experience taking into consideration the type of products sold, the type of customer, and the specific type of transaction in each arrangement. where customer incentives cannot be reliably estimated, we defer revenue until the incentive has been finalized with the customer. we include shipping charges billed to customers in net revenue, and include the related shipping costs in cost of sales.
we sell software and equipment obtained from other companies. we establish our own pricing and retain related inventory risk, are the primary obligor in sales transactions with customers, and assume the credit risk for amounts billed to customers. accordingly, we generally recognize revenue for the sale of products obtained from other companies based on the gross amount billed.
long-term contracts for long-term contracts that involve customization of equipment and/or software, we generally recognize revenue using the percentage of completion method based on the percentage of costs incurred to date compared to the total estimated costs to complete the contract ("estimated costs at completion"). the components of estimated costs to complete a contract and management's process for reviewing estimated costs at completion and progress toward completion are discussed further below. contracts may be combined or segmented in accordance with the applicable criteria under contract accounting principles. in certain instances, when revenues or costs associated with long-term contracts cannot be reliably estimated or the contract contains other inherent uncertainties, revenues and costs are deferred until the project is complete and customer acceptance is obtained.
total estimated costs at completion include direct labor, material and subcontracting costs. due to the nature of the work required to be performed under many of our long-term contracts, determining estimated costs at completion is complex and subject to many variables. we have a standard and disciplined quarterly process in which management reviews the progress and performance of open contracts in order to determine the best estimate of estimated costs at completion. as part of this process, management reviews information including, but not limited to, any outstanding key contract matters, progress towards completion, the project schedule, identified risks and opportunities, and the related changes in estimates of revenues and costs. the risks and opportunities include management's judgment about the ability and cost to achieve the project schedule, technical requirements, and other contract requirements. management must make assumptions and estimates regarding labor productivity and availability, the complexity of the work to be performed, the availability of materials, and performance by subcontractors,
39
among other variables. based on this analysis, any quarterly adjustments to net sales, cost of sales, and the related impact to operating income are recorded as necessary in the period they become known. these adjustments may result from positive project performance, and may result in an increase in operating income during the performance of individual contracts. likewise, these adjustments may result in a decrease in operating income if estimated costs at completion increase. changes in estimates of net sales or cost of sales could affect the profitability of one or more of our contracts. the impact on operating earnings as a result of changes in estimated costs at completion was not significant for the years 2016, 2015, and 2014. when estimates of total costs to be incurred on a contract exceed estimates of total revenue to be earned, a provision for the entire loss on the contract is recorded in the period the loss is determined.
hardware and software services support revenue under equipment and software support and maintenance agreements, which do not contain specified future software upgrades, is recognized ratably over the contract term.
software and licenses revenue from pre-paid perpetual licenses is recognized at the inception of the arrangement, presuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met. revenue from non-perpetual licenses or term licenses is recognized ratably over the period of the license.
multiple-element arrangements arrangements with customers may include multiple deliverables, including any combination of products, services and software. these multiple-element arrangements could also include an element accounted for as a long-term contract coupled with other products, services and software. for multiple-element arrangements that include products containing software that function together with the equipment to deliver its essential functionality, undelivered software elements that relate to the product's essential software, and undelivered non-software services, deliverables are separated into more than one unit of accounting when: (i) the delivered element(s) have value to the customer on a stand-alone basis and (ii) delivery of the undelivered element(s) is probable and substantially in our control.
in these arrangements, we allocate revenue to all deliverables based on their relative selling prices. we use the following hierarchy to determine the selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence ("vsoe") of fair value, (ii) third-party evidence ("tpe") of selling price, and (iii) best estimate of selling price ("esp").
we determine vsoe based on our normal pricing and discounting practices for the specific product or service when that same product or service is sold separately. in determining vsoe, we require that a substantial majority of the selling prices for a product or service fall within a reasonably narrow pricing range, generally evidenced by the pricing rates of approximately 80% of such historical stand-alone transactions falling within plus or minus 15% of the median rate.
when vsoe does not exist, we attempt to determine tpe based on competitor prices for similar deliverables when sold separately. generally, our go-to-market strategy for many of our products differs from that of our competitors and our offerings contain a significant level of customization and differentiation such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality sold by other companies cannot be obtained. furthermore, we are unable to reliably determine what similar competitor products' selling prices are on a stand-alone basis. therefore, we typically are not able to determine tpe.
when both vsoe and tpe are unavailable, we use esp. we determine esp by: (i) collecting all reasonably available data points including sales, cost and margin analysis of the product, and other inputs based on our normal pricing and discounting practices, (ii) making any reasonably required adjustments to the data based on market and company-specific factors, and (iii) stratifying the data points, when appropriate, based on customer, magnitude of the transaction and sales volume.
we also consider the geographies in which the products or services are sold, major product and service groups, customer classification, and other environmental or marketing variables in determining vsoe, tpe, and esp.
once elements of an arrangement are separated into more than one unit of accounting, revenue is recognized for each separate unit of accounting based on the nature of the revenue as described above.
our arrangements with multiple deliverables may also contain one or more software deliverables that are subject to software revenue recognition guidance. the revenue for these multiple-element arrangements is allocated to the software deliverable(s) and the non-software deliverable(s) based on the relative selling prices of all of the deliverables in the arrangement using the fair value hierarchy outlined above. in circumstances where we cannot determine vsoe or tpe for any of the deliverables in the arrangement, esp is used for the purpose of allocating the arrangement consideration between software and non-software deliverables.
we allocate arrangement consideration to multiple software or software-related deliverables, including the sale of software upgrades or software support agreements to previously sold software, in accordance with software accounting guidance. for such arrangements, revenue is allocated to the deliverables based on the relative fair value of each element of the software, with fair value determined using vsoe. where vsoe does not exist for the undelivered software element, revenue is deferred until either the undelivered element is delivered or vsoe is established, whichever occurs first. when the final undelivered software element is post contract support, revenue is recognized on a ratable basis over the remaining service period. when vsoe of a delivered element has not been established, but vsoe exists for the undelivered elements, we use the residual method to recognize revenue when the fair value of all undelivered elements is determinable. under the residual method, the fair value of the undelivered elements is deferred and the remaining portion of the arrangement consideration is allocated to the delivered elements and is recognized as revenue.
40
inventory valuation we record valuation reserves on our inventory for estimated excess or obsolescence. the amount of the reserve is equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. on a quarterly basis, management performs an analysis based on future demand requirement estimates of the underlying inventory to identify reserves needed for excess and obsolescence. in addition, we adjust the carrying value of inventory if the current market value of that inventory is below our cost.
at december 31, 2016 and 2015, inventories consisted of the following:
december 31                                       2016              2015
finished goods                                $151              $151
work-in-process and production materials       253               287
404                                                              438
less inventory reserves                       (131   )          (142   )
$273              $296
we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive delivery performance to our customers against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to changes in technology and customer requirements. as reflected above, our inventory reserves represented 33% of the gross inventory balance at december 31, 2016, compared to 32% of the gross inventory balance at december 31, 2015. we have inventory reserves for excess inventory, pending cancellations of product lines due to technology changes, long-life cycle products, lifetime buys at the end of supplier production runs, business exits, and a shift of production to outsourced manufacturing.
if future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory writedowns may be required.
income taxes we record deferred income tax assets and liabilities based on the estimated future tax effects of differences between the financial and tax bases of assets and liabilities based on currently enacted tax laws. the company's deferred and other tax balances are based on management's interpretation of the tax regulations and rulings in numerous taxing jurisdictions. income tax expense and liabilities recognized by the company also reflect our best estimates and assumptions regarding, among other things, the level of future taxable income, the effect of the company's various tax planning strategies and uncertain tax positions. future tax authority rulings and changes in tax laws and projected levels of taxable income and future tax planning strategies could affect the actual effective tax rate and tax balances recorded by the company. we evaluate deferred income tax asset balances on a quarterly basis to determine if valuation allowances are required by considering available evidence, including historical and projected taxable income and tax planning strategies that are both prudent and feasible. tax related interest and penalties are classified as a component of interest expense.
retirement benefits our benefit obligations and net periodic pension cost (benefits) associated with our domestic noncontributory pension plans ("u.s. pension benefit plans"), our foreign noncontributory pension plans ("non-u.s. plans"), as well as our domestic postretirement health care plan ("postretirement health care benefits"), are determined using actuarial assumptions.  the assumptions are based on management's best estimates, after consulting with outside investment advisors and actuaries.
accounting methodologies use an attribution approach that generally spreads the effects of individual events over the service lives of the participants in the plan, or estimated average lifetime when almost all of the plan participants are considered "inactive." examples of "events" are plan amendments and changes in actuarial assumptions such as discount rate, expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, and rate of compensation increases.
there are various assumptions used in calculating the net periodic cost (benefit) and related benefit obligations. one of these assumptions is the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. the required use of the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets may result in recognized pension income that is greater or less than the actual returns of those plan assets in any given year. over time, however, the expected long-term returns are designed to approximate the actual long-term returns. we use a five-year, market-related asset value method of recognizing asset related gains and losses.
we use long-term historical actual return experience with consideration of the expected investment mix of the plans' assets, as well as future estimates of long-term investment returns, to develop our expected rate of return assumption used in calculating the net periodic pension cost and the net retirement healthcare expense. our investment return assumption for the u.s. pension benefit plans and postretirement healthcare benefits plan was 7.00% in both 2016 and 2015. our investment return assumption for the non-u.s. plan was 5.90% in 2016 and 2015. at december 31, 2016, the pension plans, including the u.s. pension benefit plans and non-u.s. plans investment portfolios were comprised of approximately 33% equity investments, while the postretirement health care benefits plan was all comprised of approximately 37% equity investments .
a second key assumption is the discount rate. the discount rate assumptions used for pension benefits and postretirement health care benefits reflect, at december 31 of each year, the prevailing market rates for high-quality, fixed-income debt instruments that, if the obligation was settled at the measurement date, would provide the necessary future cash
41
flows to pay the benefit obligation when due. our discount rates for measuring our u.s. pension benefit obligations were 4.42% and 4.73% at december 2016 and 2015, respectively. our weighted average discount rates for measuring our non-u.s. plans were 2.54% and 3.57% at december 2016 and 2015, respectively. our discount rates for measuring the postretirement health care benefits plan obligation were 4.11% and 4.26% at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
effective on january 1, 2016, we changed the method used to estimate the interest and service cost components of net periodic cost for defined benefit pension and post retirement health care benefit plans. historically, the interest and service cost components were estimated using a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the projected benefit obligation at the beginning of the period. we have elected to use a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components of net periodic cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the projected benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash flows. we made this change to improve the correlation between projected benefit cash flows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates and to provide a more precise measurement of interest and service costs. this change does not affect the measurement of total benefit obligations as the change in interest and service cost is completely offset in the actuarial loss reported in the period. we have concluded that this change is a change in estimate and, accordingly, will account for it prospectively beginning in 2016. the impact of the change in estimate is a reduction of the interest and service cost components within net periodic cost in 2016 by approximately $18 million for the u.s. pension benefit plans, $4 million for the non-u.s. pension benefit plans, and $6 million for the postretirement health care benefits plan compared to the prior year approach.
a final set of assumptions involves the cost drivers of the underlying benefits. the rate of compensation increase is determined based upon long-term plans for such increases. for the non-u.s. defined benefit plan, we assumed a weighted average rate for future compensation increases of 0.46% and 0.41% for 2016 and 2015, respectively. during 2015, the non-u.s. defined benefit plan within the united kingdom was amended to close future benefit accruals to all participants effective december 31, 2015. as such, no compensation increases have been included in our estimates for the defined benefit plan within the united kingdom. benefits under the u.s. pension plans have been frozen, and therefore future compensation increases are no longer a relevant assumption in the calculation of the benefit obligation on those plans. historically, the company utilized health care cost trend rates to determine the accumulated benefit obligation and net periodic benefit. however, the postretirement health care benefits plan was amended in 2014 such that all eligible participants would receive an annual subsidy for the purchase of their own health care coverage from private insurance companies and for the reimbursement of eligible health care expenses. as such, assumptions over increases in health care costs are no longer considered necessary to determine the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation.
under relevant accounting rules, when almost all of the plan participants are considered inactive, the amortization period for certain unrecognized losses changes from the average remaining service period to the average remaining lifetime of the participant. as such, depending on the specific plan, we amortize gains and losses over periods ranging from eleven to thirty-four years. prior service costs are being amortized over periods ranging from one to eight years. benefits under all pension plans are valued based on the projected unit credit cost method.
valuation and recoverability of goodwill we assess the recorded amount of goodwill for recovery on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. goodwill is assessed more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. we continually assess whether any such events and circumstances have occurred, which requires a significant amount of judgment. such events and circumstances may include: adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions, adverse changes in the industry or market in which we transact, changes in cost factors negatively impacting earnings and cash flows, negative or declining overall financial performance, events affecting the carrying value or composition of a reporting unit, or a sustained decrease in share price, among others. any such adverse event or change in circumstances could have a significant impact on the recoverability of goodwill and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
the goodwill impairment assessment is performed at the reporting unit level. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below an operating segment (referred to as a "component"). a component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. when two or more components of an operating segment have similar economic characteristics, the components are aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit. an operating segment is deemed to be a reporting unit if all of its components are similar, if none of its components is a reporting unit, or if the segment comprises only a single component. based on this guidance, we have determined that our products and services segments each meet the definition of a reporting unit. we performed a qualitative assessment of goodwill and determined that it was not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying amount for the fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014. in performing this qualitative assessment we assessed relevant events and circumstances including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance, changes in enterprise value, and entity-specific events. for fiscal years 2016, 2015, and 2014, we concluded it was more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers." this new standard will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance
42
in u.s. gaap. the core principle of the asu is the recognition of revenue for the transfer of goods or services equal to the amount an entity expects to receive for those goods and services. this asu requires additional disclosures about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts, including significant judgments and estimates and changes in those estimates. in august 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-14, "revenue from contracts with customers: deferral of the effective date" that delayed the effective date of asu 2014-09 by one year to january 1, 2018, as the company's annual reporting period begins after december 15, 2017.
we have begun to analyze the impact of the new standard on our financial results based on an inventory of our current contracts with customers. we have obtained an understanding of the new standard and currently believe that we will retain much of the same accounting treatment as used to recognize revenue under current standards. revenue on a significant portion of our contracts is currently recognized under percentage of completion accounting, applying a cost-to-cost method. we believe under the new standard we will continue to recognize revenue on these contracts using a cost-to-cost method based on the continuous transfer of control to the customer over time. transfer of control in our contracts is demonstrated by creating a customized asset for our customers, in conjunction with contract terms which provide the right to receive payment for goods and services.
in addition, we understand that the standard may generally cause issuers to accelerate revenue recognition in contracts which were previously limited by current software revenue recognition rules. while we may have contracts which fall under these accounting rules in the current standard, we have not historically deferred significant amounts of revenue under these rules as many arrangements are single-element software arrangements or sales of software with a tangible product which falls out of the scope of the current software rules. based on the contracts currently in place, we do not anticipate a significant acceleration of revenue upon applying the new standard to our current contracts under these fact patterns.
we continue to evaluate the impact of asu no. 2014-09 on our financial results and prepare for the adoption of the standard on january 1, 2018, including readying our internal processes and control environment for new requirements, particularly around enhanced disclosures, under the new standard. the standard allows for both retrospective and modified retrospective methods of adoption. we are in the process of determining the method of adoption we will elect and the impact on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures, and will continue to provide enhanced disclosures as we continue our assessment.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, "leases," which amends existing guidance to require lessees to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet for the rights and obligations created by long-term leases and to disclose additional quantitative and qualitative information about leasing arrangements. the asu is effective for us january 1, 2019 and interim periods within that reporting period. the asu requires a modified retrospective method upon adoption. we are in the process of assessing the impact of this asu on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.
in august 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-15, "statement of cash flows (topic 230) - classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments," which clarifies eight specific cash flow issues in an effort to reduce diversity in practice in how certain transactions are classified within the statement of cash flows. this asu is effective for us january 1, 2018 with early adoption permitted. upon adoption, the asu requires a retrospective application unless it is determined that it is impractical to do so in which case it must be retrospectively applied at the earliest date practical. upon adoption, we do not anticipate significant changes to our existing accounting policies or presentation of the statement of cash flows.
in october 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-16, "accounting for income taxes: intra-entity asset transfers of assets other than inventory," as part of the board's simplification initiative aimed at reducing complexity in accounting standards. this asu eliminates the current application of deferring the income tax effect of intra-entity asset transfers, other than inventory, until the transferred asset is sold to a third party or otherwise recovered through use and will require entities to recognize tax expense when the transfer occurs. the guidance will be effective for us on january 1, 2018 and interim periods within that reporting period; early adoption is permitted. the asu requires a modified retrospective application with a cumulative-effect adjustment recorded in retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. we are currently assessing the impact of this asu on our consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures.
we elected to adopt asu no. 2016-09, "compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting," as of january 1, 2016. asu 2016-09, which was issued by the fasb in march 2016, simplifies several aspects of the accounting for employee share-based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, and statutory tax withholding requirements, as well as classification in the statement of cash flows. the impact of the prospective adoption of the provisions related to the recognition of excess tax benefits in income tax expense was a $5 million income tax benefit during the year ended december 31, 2016. additionally, as a result of the adoption of this accounting standard, excess tax benefits on share-based compensation have been reported as a component of operating cash rather than within financing cash flows as previously presented, while the payment of withholding taxes on the settlement of share-based awards has been reported as a component of financing cash flows rather than within operating cash flows as previously presented. the change in presentation of withholding taxes within the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows has been adopted retrospectively, thereby increasing operating cash flows and reducing financing cash flows by $17 million, $16 million, and $48 million for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014. the presentation of excess tax benefits on share-based compensation has been adjusted prospectively within the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows, increasing operating cash flow and decreasing financing cash flow by $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
we adopted asu no. 2015-03, "interest-imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs," effective january 1, 2016. under this guidance, debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability are required to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of such debt liability, consistent with
43
debt discounts. the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by this guidance. we retrospectively adopted asu 2015-03 effective january 1, 2016. as a result, debt issuance costs which were previously capitalized in other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheet have been presented as a reduction to long-term debt. as of december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, $25 million and $41 million of debt issuance costs, respectively, have been presented as a component of long-term debt.
forward-looking statements except for historical matters, the matters discussed in this form 10-k are forward-looking statements within the meaning of applicable federal securities law. these statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and generally include words such as "believes," "expects," "intends," "aims," "estimates" and similar expressions. we can give no assurance that any future results or events discussed in these statements will be achieved. any forward-looking statements represent our views only as of today and should not be relied upon as representing our views as of any subsequent date. readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the statements contained in this form 10-k. forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements under the following headings: (1) "business," about: (a) industry growth and demand, including opportunities resulting from such growth, (b) future product development and the demand for new products, (c) customer spending, (d) the impact of our strategy and focus areas, (e) the impact from the loss of key customers, (f) competitive position and our ability to maintain a leadership position in our core products, (g) increased competition, (h) the impact of regulatory matters, (i) the impact from the allocation and regulation of spectrum, particularly with respect to broadband spectrum, (j) the firmness of each segment's backlog, (k) the competitiveness of the patent portfolio, (l) the impact of research and development, (m) the availability of materials and components, energy supplies and labor, and (n) the seasonality of the business; (2) "properties," about the sufficiency of our manufacturing capacity and the consequences of a disruption in manufacturing; (3) "legal proceedings," about the ultimate disposition of pending legal matters and timing; (4) "management's discussion and analysis," about: (a) the impact of the gdcl acquisition on our business, (b) the expected efficiencies of reorganizing our r&d and sg&a functions, (c) market growth/contraction, demand, spending and resulting opportunities, (d) impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations, (e) our continued ability to reduce our operating expenses, (f) the growth of our services segment and the resulting impact on consolidated gross margin, (g) the increase in public safety lte revenues, (h) the decline in iden, (i) the return of capital to shareholders through dividends and/or repurchasing shares, (j) our ability to invest in capital expenditures and r&d, (k) the success of our business strategy and portfolio, (l) future payments, charges, use of accruals and expected cost-saving and profitability benefits associated with our reorganization of business programs and employee separation costs, (m) our ability and cost to repatriate funds, (n) future cash contributions to pension plans or retiree health benefit plans, (o) the liquidity of our investments, (p) our ability and cost to access the capital markets, (q) our ability to borrow and the amount available under our credit facilities, (r) our ability to settle the principal amount of the senior convertible notes in cash, (s) our ability and cost to obtain performance bonds, (t) adequacy of internal resources to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure measurements, (u) expected payments pursuant to commitments under long-term agreements, (v) the ability to meet minimum purchase obligations, (w) our ability to sell accounts receivable and the terms and amounts of such sales, (x) the outcome and effect of ongoing and future legal proceedings, (y) the impact of the loss of key customers, and (z) the expected effective tax rate and deductibility of certain items; and (5) "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," about: (a) the impact of foreign currency exchange risks, (b) future hedging activity and expectations of the company, and (c) the ability of counterparties to financial instruments to perform their obligations.
some of the risk factors that affect our business and financial results are discussed in "item 1a: risk factors." we caution the reader that the risk factors discussed in "item 1a: risk factors," and those described elsewhere in this report or in our other securities and exchange commission filings, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those stated in the forward-looking statements.
