item 1a.   risk factors

the following risk factors and other information included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k should be considered and understood in the context of the following risk factors, which describe circumstances that may materially harm our future business, operating results or financial condition. the following discussion reflects our current judgment regarding the most significant risks we face. these risks can and will change in the future.
our business may be harmed by trends in the storage market or if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes.
our industry and the markets in which we compete have historically experienced significant growth due to the increase in the demand for storage solutions by consumers, enterprises and government bodies around the world, and the resultant purchases of storage solutions to address this demand. however, despite continued data growth, the storage market did not experience growth in calendar years 2013, 2014 or 2015 due to a combination of customers delaying purchases in the face of technology transitions, increased storage efficiency, and changing economic and business environments. at the same time that customers are navigating through their it transformations, which leverage modern architectures and hybrid cloud environments, they are also reducing it budgets, looking for simpler solutions, and rethinking how they consume it. this evaluation is diverting spending towards transformational projects and architectures like flash, hybrid cloud, software as a service, converged infrastructure, and software defined storage. our business may be adversely impacted if we are unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological or market changes or if our data fabric strategy is not accepted in the marketplace. as a result of these and other factors discussed in the report, our revenue may grow at a slower rate than in past periods, or may decline as it did in fiscal years 2014, 2015 and 2016, on a year-over year basis. the future impact of these trends on both short-term and long-term growth patterns is uncertain. if the general historical rate of industry growth declines, if the growth rates of the specific markets in which we compete decline, and/or if the consumption model of storage changes and our new and existing products and solutions do not receive customer acceptance, our business, operating results and financial condition could suffer.
if we are unable to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for clustered data ontap-based products or other new products while managing the transition from older products, or if we cannot provide the expected level of quality, service and support for our new products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our future growth depends upon the successful development and introduction of new hardware and software products. due to the complexity of storage subsystems and appliances and the difficulty in gauging the engineering effort required to produce new products, such products are subject to significant technical and quality control risks.
we are currently devoting considerable effort and resources to introduce and gain customer acceptance for our clustered data ontap (cdot)-based products, as well as to develop new generations of our ontap products. the cdot storage operating system is the foundation for data management across flash, disk and cloud storage systems and represents a fundamental and revolutionary change to our solution architecture and to our data fabric strategy. over time, our goal is to replace our data ontap 7-mode technology with cdot and new generations of ontap. we face considerable challenges as we continue to develop and market cdot, including, without limitation, cost and complexity associated with migrating customer data and applications from legacy systems to cdot-based systems, developing additional features for cdot currently available with data ontap 7-mode and potentially required by our customers, increasing sales of cdot through our channel and maintaining service, support and customer relationships as we replace data ontap 7-mode with cdot.
if we are unable, for technological, customer reluctance or other reasons, to develop, introduce and gain market acceptance for cdot and other next-generation ontap products, or any new products, as and when required by the market and our customers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.
new or additional product introductions, including new software and flash product offerings, such as cloud ontap, storagegrid webscale, all flash fas, altavault, and, with our february 2, 2016 acquisition, solidfire, subject us to additional financial and operational risks, including our ability to forecast customer preferences and/or demand, our ability to expand production capacity to meet the demand for new products, our ability to successfully manage the transition from older products, and our ability to forecast the impact of customers' demand for new products or the products being replaced. in addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must also avoid excessive levels of older product inventories and related components and ensure that enough supplies of new products can be delivered to meet customers' demands. further risks inherent in new product introductions include the uncertainty of price-performance relative to products of competitors, competitors' responses to the introductions, delays in sales caused by the desire of customers to evaluate new products for extended periods of time and our partners' investment in selling our new products. if these risks are not managed effectively, we could experience material risks to our operations, financial condition and business model.
15
as we enter new or emerging markets, we will likely increase demands on our service and support operations and may be exposed to additional competition. we may not be able to provide products, service and support to effectively compete for these market opportunities.
our sales and distribution structure makes forecasting revenues difficult and, if disrupted, could harm our operating results.
our business and sales models make revenues difficult to forecast. we sell to a variety of customers, with a corresponding variety of sales cycles. in addition, the majority of our sales are made and/or fulfilled indirectly through channel partners, including value-added resellers, systems integrators, distributors, original equipment manufacturers (oems) and strategic business partners. during fiscal 2016, revenues generated from sales through our indirect channel accounted for 77% of net revenues. this structure significantly complicates our ability to forecast future revenue, particularly within any particular fiscal quarter or year. moreover, our relationships with our indirect channel partners are critical to our success. the loss of one or more of our key indirect channel partners in a given geographic area or the failure of our channel partners to promote our products could harm our operating results, as qualifying and developing new indirect channel partners typically require a significant investment of time and resources before acceptable levels of productivity are met. if we fail to maintain our relationships with our indirect channel partners, if their financial condition, business or customer relationships were to weaken, if they fail to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or if we were to cease to do business with them for these or other reasons, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
continuing uncertain economic and political conditions restrict our visibility and may harm our operating results, including our revenue growth and profitability.
the continuing global economic uncertainty and political and fiscal challenges in the united states (u.s.) and abroad have, among other things, limited our ability to forecast future demand for our products, contributed to increased periodic volatility in the computer, storage, and networking industries at large, as well as the information technology (it) market, and could constrain future access to capital for our suppliers, customers and partners. the impacts of these circumstances are global and pervasive, and the timing and nature of any ultimate resolution of these matters remain highly uncertain. consequently, we expect these concerns to challenge our business for the foreseeable future, and cause harm to our operating results. such conditions have resulted, and may in the future again result, in failure to meet our forecasted financial expectations and to achieve historical levels of revenue growth.
our quarterly operating results may fluctuate materially, which could harm our common stock price.
our operating results have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so, sometimes materially. all of the matters discussed in this risk factors section could impact our operating results in any fiscal quarter or year. in addition to those matters, we face the following issues, which could impact our quarterly results:
·
seasonality, such as our historical seasonal decline in revenues in the first quarter of our fiscal year and seasonal increase in revenues in the second quarter of our fiscal year, with the latter due in part to the impact of the u.s. federal government's september 30 fiscal year end on the timing of its orders; and
·
linearity, such as our historical intra-quarter bookings and revenue pattern in which a disproportionate percentage of each quarter's total bookings and related revenue occur in the last month of the quarter.
if our operating results fall below our forecasts and the expectations of public market analysts and investors, the trading price of our common stock may decline.
our gross margins vary.
our gross margins reflect a variety of factors, including competitive pricing, component and product design, the volume and relative mix of product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services revenues. increased component costs, increased pricing pressures, the relative and varying rates of increases or decreases in component costs and product prices, changes in product, software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services revenue mix or decreased volume could harm our revenues, gross margins or earnings. our gross margins are also impacted by the cost of any materials that are of poor quality and our sales and distribution activities, including, without limitation, pricing actions, rebates, sales initiatives and discount levels, and the timing of service contract renewals.
the costs of third-party components comprise a significant portion of our product costs. while we generally have been able to manage our component and product design costs, we may have difficulty managing these costs if supplies of certain components become limited or component prices increase. any such limitation could result in an increase in our product costs. an increase in component or design costs relative to our product prices could harm our gross margins and earnings.
16
we often incur expenses before we receive related benefits, and expenses may be difficult to reduce quickly if demand declines.
we base our expense levels in part on future revenue expectations and a significant percentage of our expenses is fixed. it is difficult to reduce our fixed costs quickly, and if revenue levels are below our expectations, operating results could be adversely impacted. during periods of uneven growth or decline, we may incur costs before we realize the anticipated related benefits, which could also harm our operating results. we have made, and will continue to make, significant investments in engineering, sales, service and support, marketing and other functions to support and grow our business. we are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the related anticipated benefits, such as revenue growth, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
increasing competition and industry consolidation could harm our business and operating results.
the storage and data management markets are intensely competitive and are characterized by rapidly changing technology and fragmentation. we compete with many companies in the markets we serve, including established public companies, newly public companies with a strong flash focus, and new market entrants addressing the growing opportunity for hyperconverged systems. some offer a broad spectrum of it products and services (full-stack vendors) and others offer a more limited set of storage and data management products or services. technology trends, such as the emergence of hosted (or cloud) storage, software as a service (saas) and flash storage are driving significant changes in storage architectures and solution requirements. cloud service providers, led by aws, provide customers storage as an operating expense, rather than storage systems capital expenditure, for the customers' data centers, which meets rapidly evolving business needs and has changed the competitive landscape.
competitors may develop new technologies or products in advance of us or establish business models or technologies disruptive to us. by extending our flash and software-defined storage offerings, we are competing in new segments with both traditional competitors and new competitors, particularly smaller emerging storage vendors. the longer-term potential and competitiveness of these emerging vendors remains to be determined. in cloud and converged infrastructure, we also compete with large well-established competitors.
for additional information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled "competition" contained in item 1 - business of part i of this form 10-k. it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors might emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share or buying power. an increase in industry consolidation might result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as full stack vendors for customers and achieve increased economies of scale in the supply chain. for example, in october 2015, dell inc. and emc corp. announced their agreement to merge. also in october 2015, hewlett-packard company split its business into two entities, one of which, hp enterprise, continues to focus on the storage marketplace and compete with us. in addition, current and potential competitors have established or might establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties, including some of our partners or suppliers.
if we are unable to maintain and develop relationships with strategic partners, our revenues may be harmed.
our growth strategy includes developing and maintaining strategic partnerships with major third-party software and hardware vendors to integrate our products into their products and also co-market our products with them. a number of these strategic partners are industry leaders that offer us expanded access to segments of the storage and data management markets. however, there is intense competition for attractive strategic partners, and these relationships may not be exclusive, may not generate significant revenues and may be terminated on short notice. for instance, some of our partners are also partnering with our competitors, which may increase the availability of competing solutions and harm our ability to grow our relationships with those partners. moreover, some of our partners, particularly large, more diversified technology companies, are also competitors, complicating our relationships. if we are unable to establish new partnerships or maintain existing partnerships, if our strategic partners favor their relationships with other vendors in the storage industry or if our strategic partners increasingly compete with us, we could experience lower than expected revenues, suffer delays in product development, or experience other harm to our business, operating results and financial condition.
if we do not achieve forecasted bookings in any quarter, our financial results could be harmed.
we derive a majority of our revenues in any given quarter from orders booked in the same quarter. bookings typically follow intra-quarter seasonality patterns weighted toward the back end of the quarter. if we do not achieve the level, timing and mix of bookings consistent with our quarterly targets and historical patterns, or if we experience cancellations of significant orders, our financial results could be harmed.
a portion of our revenues is generated by large, recurring purchases from various customers, resellers and distributors. a loss, cancellation or delay in purchases by any of these parties has negatively affected us in the past, and in the future could negatively affect our revenues.
a significant portion of our net revenues are generated through sales to a limited number of distributors. we generally do not enter into binding purchase commitments with our customers, resellers and distributors for extended periods of time, and thus we may not be able to continue to receive large, recurring orders from these customers, resellers or distributors. for example, our reseller agreements generally do not require minimum purchases, and our customers, resellers and distributors can stop purchasing and
17
marketing our products at any time. in addition, unfavorable economic conditions may negatively impact the solvency of our customers, resellers and distributors or the ability of such customers, resellers and distributors to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products. if any of our key customers, resellers or distributors changes its pricing practices, reduces the size or frequency of its orders for our products, or stops purchasing our products altogether, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for critical product components.
we rely on a limited number of suppliers for drives and other components utilized in the assembly of our products, including certain single source suppliers, which has subjected us, and could in the future subject us to price rigidity, periodic supply constraints, and the inability to produce our products with the quality and in the quantities demanded. consolidation among suppliers, particularly within the semiconductor and disk drive industries, has contributed to price rigidity and may in the future create supply constraints. when industry supply is constrained, our suppliers may allocate volumes away from us and to our competitors, all of which rely on many of the same suppliers as we do. accordingly, our operating results may be harmed.
any disruption to our supply chain could materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we do not manufacture our products or their components. instead, we rely on third parties to make our products and critical components, such as disk drives, as well as for associated logistics. our lack of direct responsibility for, and control over, these elements of our business, as well as the diverse international geographic locations of our manufacturing partners and suppliers, creates significant risks for us, including, among other things:
·
limited ability to control the quality, quantity and cost of our products or of their components;
·
the potential for binding price or purchase commitments with our suppliers that are higher than market rates;
·
limited ability to adjust production volumes in response to our customers' demand fluctuations;
·
labor and political unrest at facilities we do not operate or own;
·
geopolitical disputes disrupting our supply chain;
·   business, legal compliance, litigation and financial concerns affecting our suppliers or their ability to manufacture and ship our products in the quantities, quality and manner we require; and

·   disruptions due to floods, earthquakes, storms and other natural disasters, particularly in countries with limited infrastructure and disaster recovery resources.

such risks have in the past and could again in the future subject us to supply constraints, price increases and minimum purchase requirements and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed. the risks associated with our out-sourced manufacturing model are particularly acute when we transition products to new facilities or manufacturers, introduce and increase volumes of new products or qualify new contract manufacturers or suppliers, at which times our ability to manage the relationships among us, our manufacturing partners and our component suppliers, becomes critical. new manufacturers, products, components or facilities create increased costs and risk that we will fail to deliver high quality products in the required volumes to our customers. any failure of a manufacturer or component supplier to meet our quality, quantity or delivery requirements in a cost-effective manner will harm our business, operating results and customer relationships.
due to the global nature of our business, risks inherent in our international operations could materially harm our business.
a significant portion of our operations are located, and a significant portion of our revenues are derived, outside of the u.s. in addition, a substantial portion of our products are manufactured outside of the u.s., and we have research and development and service centers overseas. accordingly, our business and our future operating results could be adversely affected by factors affecting our international operations, but not experienced in the u.s., including, among other things, local political or economic conditions, trade protection and export and import requirements, local labor conditions, transportation costs, government spending patterns, acts of terrorism, international conflicts and natural disasters in areas with limited infrastructure. in addition, due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to complex legal and regulatory requirements in the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate and sell our products, including antitrust and anti-competition laws, rules and regulations, and regulations related to data privacy. we are also subject to the potential loss of proprietary information due to piracy, misappropriation, or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than u.s. laws. such factors could have an adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
18
we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our international operations. these exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. we utilize forward and option contracts in an attempt to reduce the adverse earnings impact from the effect of exchange rate fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities as well as certain anticipated foreign currency cash flows on a short-term basis. our hedging strategies may not be successful, and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. in addition, our foreign currency exposure on assets and liabilities for which we do not hedge could have a material impact on our operating results in periods when the u.s. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to unhedged non-u.s. currencies in which we transact business.
additional risks inherent in our international business activities generally include, among others, longer accounts receivable payment cycles and difficulties in managing international operations.
moreover, in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it is common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by our internal policies and procedures, or u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act. there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, will comply with these policies, procedures, laws and/or regulations. any such violation could subject us to fines and other penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
changes in our effective tax rate resulting from adverse outcomes from examination of our income tax returns and/or changes in the tax regimes and related government policies and regulations in the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our results.
our effective tax rate is influenced by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. these factors include among other things, fluctuations in our earnings and financial results in the various countries and states in which we do business, the outcome of income tax audits and changes to the tax laws in such jurisdictions. any of these factors could materially impact our operating results.
we receive significant tax benefits from sales to our non-u.s. customers. these benefits are contingent upon existing tax laws and regulations in the u.s. and in the countries in which our international operations are located. future changes in domestic or international tax laws and regulations could adversely affect our ability to continue to realize these tax benefits. we have not provided for u.s. federal and state income taxes or foreign withholding taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. president obama and the u.s. congress have called for comprehensive tax reform which, among other things, might change certain u.s. tax rules impacting the way u.s. based multinationals are taxed on foreign income. additionally, on october 5, 2015, the organisation for economic co-operation and development (oecd), an international association of 34 countries, including the u.s., released the final reports from its base erosion and profit shifting (beps) action plans. the beps recommendations covered a number of issues, including country-by-country reporting, permanent establishment rules, transfer pricing rules and tax treaties. on october 21, 2015, the european commission (ec) concluded its investigations into tax ruling practices of certain european union (eu) member countries. the ec concluded that certain member countries had granted unlawful rulings that artificially reduced tax burdens and has ordered the recovery of the unpaid taxes. future tax reform resulting from these developments may result in changes to long-standing tax principles, which could adversely affect our effective tax rate or result in higher cash tax liabilities.
we are routinely subject to income tax audits in the u.s. and several foreign tax jurisdictions. the u.s. and foreign tax authorities have questioned our intercompany transfer pricing arrangements during these audits. in recent years, several other u.s. companies have had their transfer pricing arrangements challenged as part of internal revenue service (irs) examinations, which have resulted in material proposed assessments and/or litigation with respect to those companies. if the ultimate determination of income taxes or at-source withholding taxes assessed under the irs audits or audits being conducted in any other tax jurisdiction results in an amount in excess of the tax provision we have recorded or reserved for, our operating results, cash flows and financial condition would be adversely affected.
our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected by different and evolving interpretations of existing law or regulations, which in turn would negatively impact our operating and financial results as a whole. additionally, our effective tax rate could also be adversely affected if there is a change in international operations, our tax structure and how our operations are managed and structured, and as a result, we could experience harm to our operating results and financial condition.
our success depends upon our ability to effectively plan and manage our resources and restructure our business in response to changing market conditions and market demand for our products, and such actions may have an adverse effect on our financial and operating results.
our ability to successfully offer our products and services in a rapidly evolving market requires an effective planning, forecasting, and management process to enable us to effectively scale and adjust our business in response to fluctuating market opportunities and conditions.
19
in response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products, we have in the past undertaken cost savings initiatives. for example, in march 2014, may 2015 and march 2016 we executed restructuring events designed to streamline our business, reduce our cost structure and focus our resources on key strategic opportunities. as a result, we have recognized substantial restructuring charges. we may in the future undertake initiatives that may include restructuring, disposing of, and/or otherwise discontinuing certain products, or a combination of these actions. rapid changes in the size, alignment or organization of our workforce, including sales account coverage, could adversely affect our ability to develop, sell and deliver products and services as planned or impair our ability to realize our current or future business and financial objectives. any decision to take these actions may result in charges to earnings associated with, among other things, inventory or other fixed, intangible or goodwill asset reductions (including, without limitation, impairment charges), workforce and facility reductions and penalties and claims from third party resellers or users of discontinued products. charges associated with these activities would harm our operating results. in addition to the costs associated with these activities, we may not realize any of the anticipated benefits of the underlying restructuring activities.
if our products are defective, or are perceived to be defective as a result of improper use or maintenance, our gross margins, operating results and customer relationships may be harmed.
our products are complex. we have experienced in the past, and expect to experience in the future, quality issues. quality risk is most acute when we are introducing new products. quality issues have and could again in the future cause customers to experience outages or disruptions in service, data loss or data corruption. if we fail to remedy a product defect, we may experience a failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, inventory costs or product reengineering expenses and higher ongoing warranty and service costs, and these occurrences could have a material impact on our gross margins, business and operating results. in addition, we exercise little control over how our customers use or maintain our products, and in some cases improper usage or maintenance could impair the performance of our products, which could lead to a perception of a quality issue. customers and we may experience losses that may result from or are alleged to result from defects in our products, which could subject us to claims for damages, including consequential damages.
if a data center or other third-party who relies on our products experiences a disruption in service or a loss of data, such disruption could be attributed to the quality of our products, thereby causing financial or reputational harm to our business.
our clients, including data centers, saas, cloud computing and internet infrastructure and bandwidth providers, rely on our products for their data storage needs. our clients may authorize third-party technology providers to access their data on our systems. because we do not control the transmissions between our clients, their customers, and third-party technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. errors or wrongdoing by clients, their customers, or third-party technology providers resulting in security breaches may be attributed to us.
a failure or inability to meet our clients' expectations with respect to security and confidentiality through a disruption in the services provided by these third-party vendors, or the loss of data stored by such vendors, could result in financial or reputational harm to our business to the extent that such disruption or loss is caused by, or perceived by our customers to have been caused by, defects in our products. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. this may affect our ability to retain clients and attract new business.
if a cybersecurity or other security breach occurs on our systems or on our end user customer systems, or if stored data is improperly accessed, customers may reduce or cease using our solutions, our reputation may be harmed and we may incur significant liabilities.
we store and transmit sensitive and proprietary data related to our products, our employees, customers, clients and partners (including third-party vendors such as data centers and providers of saas, cloud computing, and internet infrastructure and bandwidth), and their respective customers, including intellectual property, books of record and personally identifiable information. it is critical to our business strategy that our infrastructure remains secure and is perceived by customers, clients and partners to be secure. there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, human error and technological vulnerabilities. cybersecurity incidents or other security breaches could result in (1) unauthorized access to, or loss or unauthorized disclosure of, such information; (2) litigation, indemnity obligations, government investigations and other possible liabilities; (3) negative publicity; and (4) disruptions to our internal and external operations. any of these could damage our reputation and public perception of the security and reliability of our products, as well as harm our business and cause us to incur significant liabilities. in addition, a cybersecurity incident or other security breach could result in other negative consequences, including remediation costs, disruption of internal operations, increased cybersecurity protection costs and lost revenues.
our clients and customers use our platforms for the transmission and storage of sensitive data. we do not monitor or review the information or content that our clients and their customers upload and store, and, therefore, we have no direct control over the substance of the information or content stored within our platforms. if our employees, or our clients, partners or their respective customers use our platforms for the transmission or storage of personally identifiable or other sensitive information and our security
20
measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, our reputation could be damaged, our business may be harmed and we could incur significant liabilities.
high-profile security breaches at other companies have increased in recent years, and security industry experts and government officials have warned about the risks of hackers and cyberattacks targeting information technology products and businesses. because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. as we continue to increase our client base and expand our brand, we may become more of a target for third parties seeking to compromise our security systems and we anticipate that hacking attempts and cyberattacks will increase in the future. we cannot give assurance that we will always be successful in preventing or repelling unauthorized access to our systems.
many jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. these mandatory disclosures regarding security breaches often lead to widespread negative publicity. moreover, the risk of reputational harm may be magnified and/or distorted through the rapid dissemination of information over the internet, including through news articles, blogs, chat rooms, and social media sites. any security breach, whether actual or perceived, could harm our reputation, erode customer confidence in the effectiveness of our data security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect not to renew their support contracts, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action or liability, which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.
there can be no assurance that the limitations of liability in our contracts would be enforceable or adequate or would otherwise protect us from any such liabilities or damages with respect to any particular claim. our existing general liability insurance coverage and coverage for errors and omissions may not continue to be available on acceptable terms or may not be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or our insurers may deny coverage as to any future claim. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceeds available insurance coverage, or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel and to preserve the key aspects of our corporate culture. because our future success is dependent on our ability to continue to enhance and introduce new products, we are particularly dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified engineers. in addition, to increase revenues, we will be required to increase the productivity of our sales force and support infrastructure to achieve adequate customer coverage. competition for qualified employees, particularly in silicon valley, is intense. we have periodically reduced our workforce, including an 11% reduction announced in february 2016, and these actions may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified employees. our inability to hire and retain qualified management and skilled personnel, particularly engineers, salespeople and key executive management, could be disruptive to our development efforts, sales results, business relationships and/or our ability to execute our business plan and strategy on a timely basis and could materially and adversely affect our operating results.
equity grants are a critical component of our current compensation programs. if we reduce, modify or eliminate our equity programs, we may have difficulty attracting and retaining critical employees.
in addition, because of the structure of our cash and equity incentive compensation plans, we may be at increased risk of losing employees at certain times. for example, the retention value of our compensation plans decreases after the payment of annual bonuses or the vesting of equity awards.
a repatriation of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries to fund u.s. operations, strategic opportunities or debt service may subject us to a significant tax liability.
as of april 29, 2016, $4.8 billion of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries. under current law, repatriation of this cash may trigger significant adverse tax consequences in the u.s. as a result, if the cash generated by our domestic operations is not sufficient to fund our domestic operations and our broader corporate initiatives, such as stock repurchases, dividends, acquisitions, and other strategic opportunities, and to service our outstanding indebtedness, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private debt or equity financings, or we may need to obtain new credit facilities to the extent we choose not to repatriate our overseas cash. such additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, or at all, and any new equity financings or offerings would dilute our current stockholders' ownership. furthermore, lenders may not agree to extend us new, additional or continuing credit. if adequate funds are not available, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may be forced to repatriate our foreign-held cash and incur a significant tax charge. in any such case, our business, operating results or financial condition could be adversely impacted.
we are continually seeking ways to make our cost structure, business processes and systems more efficient, including by moving activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing new
21
business information systems. problems with the execution of these activities could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. in addition, we may not achieve the expected benefits of these initiatives.
we continuously seek to make our cost structure and business processes more efficient, including by moving our business activities from higher-cost to lower-cost locations, outsourcing certain business processes and functions, and implementing changes to our business information systems. these efforts involve a significant investment of financial and human resources and significant changes to our current operating processes. in addition, as we move operations into lower-cost jurisdictions and outsource certain business processes, we become subject to new regulatory regimes and lose control of certain aspects of our operations and, as a consequence, become more dependent upon the systems and business processes of third-parties. if we are unable to move our operations, outsource business processes and implement new business information systems in a manner that complies with local law and maintains adequate standards, controls and procedures, the quality of our products and services may suffer and we may be subject to increased litigation risk, either of which could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. additionally, we may not achieve the expected benefits of these and other transformational initiatives, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
our acquisitions may not achieve expected benefits, and may increase our liabilities, disrupt our existing business and harm our operating results.
as part of our strategy, we seek to acquire other businesses and technologies to complement our current products, expand the breadth of our markets, or enhance our technical capabilities. for example, in february 2016, we acquired solidfire, inc., and in fiscal 2015 we acquired the steelstore product line from riverbed technology, inc. the benefits we expect to receive from these and other acquisitions depend on our ability to successfully conduct due diligence, negotiate the terms of the acquisition and integrate the acquired business into our systems, procedures and organizational structure. any inaccuracy in our acquisition assumptions or any failure to uncover liabilities or risks associated with the acquisition, make the acquisition on favorable terms, integrate the acquired business or assets as and when expected or retain key employees of the acquired company may reduce or eliminate the expected benefits of the acquisition to us, increase our costs, disrupt our operations, result in additional liabilities, investigations and litigation, and may also harm our strategy, our business and our operating results. the failure to achieve expected acquisition benefits may also result in impairment charges for goodwill and purchased intangible assets.
reduced u.s. government demand could materially harm our business and operating results. in addition, we could be harmed by claims that we have or a channel partner has failed to comply with regulatory and contractual requirements applicable to sales to the u.s. government.
the u.s. government is an important customer for us. however, government demand is uncertain, as it is subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints. events such as the u.s. federal government shutdown in october 2013 and continued uncertainty regarding the u.s. budget and debt levels, have increased demand uncertainty for our products, and in our fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2016 resulted in lower sales to these customers. in addition, like other customers, the u.s. government may evaluate competing products and delay purchasing in the face of the technology transitions taking place in the storage industry. if the u.s. government or an individual agency or multiple agencies within the u.s. government continue to reduce or shift their it spending patterns, our revenues and operating results may be harmed.
selling our products to the u.s. government, whether directly or through channel partners, also subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. failure to comply with these requirements by either us or our channel partners could subject us to investigations, fines, and other penalties, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition. as an example, the united states department of justice (doj) and the general services administration (gsa) have in the past pursued claims against and financial settlements with it vendors, including us and several of our competitors and channel partners, under the false claims act and other statutes related to pricing and discount practices and compliance with certain provisions of gsa contracts for sales to the federal government. although the doj and gsa currently have no claims pending against us, we could face claims in the future. violations of certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or debarred from future government contracting. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
our failure to pay quarterly dividends to our stockholders and/or to fully consummate our stock repurchase program could cause the market price of our stock to decline significantly.
our ability to pay quarterly dividends and to continue to execute our stock repurchase program as planned will be subject to, among other things, our financial condition and operating results, available cash and cash flows in the u.s., capital requirements, and other factors. future dividends are subject to declaration by our board of directors, and our stock repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any specific number of shares. if we fail to meet any expectations related to dividends and/or stock repurchases, the market price of our stock could decline significantly, and could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence. additionally, price volatility of our stock over a given period may cause the average price at which we repurchase our own stock to exceed the stock's market price at a given point in time.
22
we are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio and in interest rates, and impairment of our investments could harm our financial results.
we maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. a significant part of our investment portfolio consists of u.s. government securities. if global credit experiences prolonged periods of decline, or if there is a downgrade of u.s. government debt, our investment portfolio may be adversely impacted and we could determine that some of our investments have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, requiring impairment charges that could adversely affect our financial results.
if we default under our debt obligations, including our senior notes, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed. moreover, covenants associated with our senior notes and credit facilities may unduly restrict our business.
we have senior notes outstanding as of april 29, 2016 in an aggregate principal amount of $1.5 billion that mature at specific dates in calendar 2017, 2021 and 2022. we have also established a revolving credit facility under which we may borrow an aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $300 million, under which we had no borrowings outstanding as of april 29, 2016. on february 2, 2016, we entered into an $870 million unsecured term loan, the proceeds of which were used to finance our acquisition of solidfire, inc., under which we had borrowings of $850 million principal amount outstanding as of april 29, 2016. we may fail to pay these obligations, as and when required. specifically, if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations or to borrow sufficient funds in the future to service or refinance our debt, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed.
in addition, all of our debt and credit facility arrangements subject us to continued compliance with restrictive and financial covenants. if we do not comply with these covenants or otherwise default under the arrangements, we may be required to repay any outstanding amounts borrowed under these agreements. moreover, compliance with these covenants may restrict our strategic or operational flexibility in the future, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
we are exposed to the credit and non-payment risk of our customers, resellers and distributors, especially during times of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets, which could result in material losses.
most of our sales to customers are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days. we may experience losses due to a customer's inability to pay. beyond our open credit arrangements, some of our customers have entered into recourse and non-recourse financing leasing arrangements using third-party leasing companies. under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain l iable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. during periods of economic uncertainty, our exposure to credit risks from our customers increases. in addition, our exposure to credit risks of our customers may increase further if our customers and their customers or their lease financing sources are adversely affected by global economic conditions.
our failure to adjust to emerging standards in the storage industry may harm our business.
emerging standards in the storage and data management markets may adversely affect the unix®, windows® and the world wide web server markets upon which we depend. for example, we provide our open access data retention solutions to customers within the financial services, healthcare, pharmaceutical and government market segments, industries that are subject to various evolving governmental regulations with respect to data access, reliability and permanence in the u.s. and in the other countries in which we operate. if our products do not meet and continue to comply with these evolving governmental regulations in this regard, customers in these market and geographical segments will not purchase our products, and we may not be able to expand our product offerings in these market and geographical segments at the rates which we have forecasted.
some of our products are subject to u.s. export control laws and other laws affecting the countries in which our products and services may be sold, distributed, or delivered; any violation of these laws could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
due to the global nature of our business, we are subject to import and export restrictions and regulations, including the export administration regulations administered by the commerce department's bureau of industry and security (bis) and the trade and economic sanctions regulations administered by the treasury department's office of foreign assets control (ofac). the u.s., through the bis and ofac, places restrictions on the sale or export of certain products and services to certain countries and persons. violators of these export control and sanctions laws may be subject to significant penalties, which may include significant monetary fines, criminal proceedings against them and their officers and employees, a denial of export privileges, and suspension or debarment from selling products to the federal government. our products could be shipped to those targets by third parties, including potentially our channel partners, despite our precautions.
if we were ever found to have violated u.s. export control laws, we may be subject to various penalties available under the laws, any of which could have a material and adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. even if we were not found to have violated such laws, the political and media scrutiny surrounding any governmental investigation of us could cause us significant expense and reputational harm and distract senior executives from managing our normal day-to-day operations. such collateral consequences could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
23
changes in regulations relating to our products or their components, or the manufacture, sourcing, distribution or use thereof, may harm our business and operating results.
the laws and regulations governing the manufacturing, sourcing, distribution and use of our products have become more complex and stringent over time. for example, in addition to various environmental laws relating to carbon emissions and the use and discharge of hazardous materials, the sec has recently adopted regulations concerning the supply of certain minerals originating from the conflict zones of the democratic republic of congo or adjoining countries. we may incur costs to comply with the new disclosure requirements of this law and may realize other costs relating to the sourcing and availability of minerals used in our products. further, since our supply chain is complex, we may face reputational harm if our customers or other stakeholders conclude that we are unable to verify sufficiently the origins of the minerals used in the products we sell. as the laws and regulations governing our products continue to expand and change, our costs are likely to rise, and the failure to comply with any such laws and regulations could subject us to business interruptions, litigation risks and reputational harm.
our failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our business, operating results and financial condition.
our success depends significantly upon developing, maintaining and protecting our proprietary technology. we rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions with employees, resellers, strategic partners and customers, to protect our proprietary rights. we currently have multiple u.s. and international patent applications pending and multiple u.s. and international patents issued. the pending applications may not be approved, and our existing and future patents may be challenged. if such challenges are brought, the patents may be invalidated. we may not be able to develop proprietary products or technologies that are patentable, and patents issued to us may not provide us with any competitive advantages and may be challenged by third parties. further, the patents of others may materially and adversely affect our ability to do business. in addition, a failure to obtain and defend our trademark registrations may impede our marketing and branding efforts and competitive condition. litigation may be necessary to protect our proprietary technology. any such litigation may be time-consuming and costly. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our products or obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as do the laws of the u.s. our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate or our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products, or design around patents issued to us or other intellectual property rights of ours.
we are subject to intellectual property infringement claims. we may, from time to time, receive claims that we are infringing third parties' intellectual property rights. third parties may in the future claim infringement by us with respect to current or future products, patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights. we expect that companies in the network storage and data management markets will increasingly be subject to infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps. any such claims could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product shipment delays, require us to redesign our products, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements, any of which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. such royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all.
our business could be materially and adversely affected as a result of natural disasters, terrorist acts or other catastrophic events.
we depend on the ability of our personnel, inventories, equipment and products to move reasonably unimpeded around the world. any political, military, terrorism, global trade, world health or other issue that hinders this movement or restricts the import or export of materials could lead to significant business disruptions. furthermore, any economic failure or other material disruption caused by natural disasters, including fires, floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, and volcanoes; power loss or shortages; environmental disasters; telecommunications or business information systems failures or break-ins and similar events could also adversely affect our ability to conduct business. if such disruptions result in cancellations of customer orders or contribute to a general decrease in economic activity or corporate spending on it, or directly impact our marketing, manufacturing, financial and logistics functions, or impair our ability to meet our customer demands, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. in addition, our headquarters and one of our major data centers are located in northern california, an area susceptible to earthquakes. if any significant disaster were to occur, our ability to operate our business and our financial condition could be impaired.
changes in financial accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected fluctuations and affect our reported operating results.
a change in accounting standards or practices and varying interpretations of existing accounting pronouncements, the increased use of fair value measures, changes to revenue recognition, lease accounting, financial instruments and other accounting standards could have a significant effect on our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business. implementation of accounting regulations and related interpretations and policies, particularly those related to revenue recognition, could cause us to defer recognition of revenue or recognize lower revenue, which may affect our operating results.
24
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the accompanying notes set forth under item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. the following discussion also contains trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. the risk factors set forth in item 1a. - risk factors are hereby incorporated into the discussion by reference.
executive overview our company we are a leading global provider of software, systems and services to manage and store customer data. we enable enterprises, service providers, governmental organizations, and partners to envision, deploy and evolve their information technology (it) environments and to reduce costs and risk while driving growth and success for their organizations.
data management on the hybrid cloud today is essentially a series of isolated siloes. it organizations need to harmonize the management of data across all cloud providers, as well as on premises. this is what we call the data fabric. our data fabric strategy defines the netapp technology architecture for hybrid cloud. we offer solutions that help customers seamlessly manage their data across their diverse it resources, spanning flash, disk, and cloud. customers have the flexibility to choose the right set of resources to meet the needs of their applications and the freedom to change them whenever they want. customers are entirely in control of their data, regardless of the cloud that it sits on, regardless of the landscape in which it is deployed.
our data management and storage offerings help improve business productivity, performance and profitability, while providing investment protection and enhanced asset utilization. we complement our enterprise-class storage solutions with services expertise that maximizes the business benefits our customers gain from deploying our products. in fiscal 2016, we focused on our data fabric strategy and the strategic solutions that form the foundation of how we enable customer success in the data-powered digital era.
our unified scale-out fabric-attached storage (fas) platform is designed to meet the demanding requirements of shared infrastructures and cloud environments. our fas storage platform uses the netapp data ontap storage operating system to deliver integrated data protection, comprehensive data management, and built-in efficiency software for virtualized, shared infrastructures, cloud computing, and mixed workload business applications. we offer hybrid and all-flash configurations of both fas and e-series platforms. our e-series high-performance storage area network platform is designed to meet demanding performance and capacity requirements of dedicated workloads, while retaining simplicity and an optimized price to performance ratio.
in february 2016, netapp completed the acquisition of all-flash startup company solidfire, inc., which when combined with our existing all-flash offerings, allows us to offer the industry's broadest portfolio of all-flash solutions. solidfire systems target a new class of customer who is masterminding the next-generation data center and wants cloud-like capabilities from their on-premises storage for greater flexibility. these users place a priority on the ability to scale simply and seamlessly.
our configured systems consist of (1) entry level product platform, which consists of our fas2000 systems, (2) mid-range product platform, which consists of our legacy fas3000 systems and our new fas8020 and fas8040 systems, and (3) high-end product platform, which consists of our legacy fas6000 systems and our new fas8060 and fas8080 systems.
in addition to our products, we provide a variety of services including software maintenance, hardware maintenance and other services including professional services, global support solutions, and customer education and training to help customers most effectively manage their data.
we employ a multichannel distribution strategy, selling products and services to end users and service providers through a direct sales force and through channel partners, including value-added resellers, system integrators, original equipment manufacturers (oems) and distributors.
30
financial results and key performance metrics overview the following table provides an overview of some of our key financial metrics for each of the last three fiscal years (in millions, except per share amounts, percentages and days sales outstanding):
year ended

april 29,             april 24,             april 25,
2016                  2015                  2014
net revenues                                                  $5,546                $6,123                $6,325
gross profit                                                  $3,373                $3,833                $3,919
gross profit margin percentage                                    61   %                63   %                62   %
income from operations                                          $348                  $716                  $734
income from operations as a percentage of net revenues             6   %                12   %                12   %
net income                                                      $229                  $560                  $638
diluted net income per share                                   $0.77                 $1.75                 $1.83
operating cash flows                                            $974                $1,268                $1,350
april 29,     april 24,
2016          2015

deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue        $3,385        $3,197
days sales outstanding (dso)                                       54            46
·   net revenues: our net revenues decreased 9% in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. this was primarily due to a decrease of 18% in product revenues, which included the impact of foreign currency exchange rate changes, partially offset by a 4% increase in software and hardware maintenance and other services revenues.

·   gross profit margin percentage: our gross profit margin as a percentage of net revenues decreased in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to a decline in average selling prices (asps) largely due to higher discounting and product promotions.

·   income from operations as a percentage of net revenues: our income from operations as a percentage of net revenues decreased in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to lower product gross margin and restructuring charges.

·   net income and diluted income per share: the 59% and 56% decreases in net income and diluted net income per share, respectively, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 reflect the factors discussed above, as well as an increase in our effective tax rate of 12 percentage points. partially offsetting these factors, diluted net income per share was favorably impacted by a 7% decrease in the annual weighted average number of dilutive shares, primarily due to share repurchases throughout the year.

·   operating cash flows: operating cash flows decreased $294 million in fiscal 2016, primarily due to lower net income.

·   deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue: total deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue increased $188 million, or 6%, in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to higher software and hardware maintenance contract renewals.

·   dso: days sales outstanding (dso) were 54 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to 46 in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 reflecting a higher level of orders in the last month of the fourth quarter in fiscal 2016 than in fiscal 2015.

acquisition of solidfire on february 2, 2016, we acquired all of the outstanding shares of privately-held solidfire, inc. ("solidfire"), a maker of all-flash storage systems based in colorado, for $850 million in cash. this acquisition extends our position in the all-flash array market by adding new flash offerings that will enhance our ability to deliver customers all-flash storage with a webscale architecture that simplifies data center operations and enables rapid deployments of new applications. in connection with this acquisition, we entered into an $870 million short-term loan that we expect to repay in full with our global earnings by the beginning of our third quarter of fiscal 2017.
stock repurchase program and dividend activity during fiscal 2016, we repurchased 33 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $28.80 per share, for an aggregate of $960 million. we also declared cash dividends of an aggregate of $0.72 per share in fiscal 2016, for which we paid an aggregate of $210 million.
31
restructuring events in february 2016, we committed to a restructuring and reduction in workforce to streamline our business and reduce operating expenses. in connection with these actions, we reduced our worldwide headcount by approximately 11%, and incurred $80 million of employee severance charges in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. the reduction in workforce will be executed through the end of the second quarter of fiscal 2017.
in may 2015, we committed to a restructuring event and reduction in workforce of approximately 3% of our worldwide headcount, for which we recognized charges of $28 million, primarily in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. these activities were substantially completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.
real estate transactions on april 19, 2016, we sold certain buildings and land in sunnyvale, california which had a net book value of $118 million at the time of sale, for $250 million in cash. certain of the properties did not qualify as sales under accounting standards due to continuing involvement related to leaseback arrangements. the remaining properties, which had a net book value of $51 million and related sales proceeds of $102 million, were recognized as sales, resulting in a gain of $51 million.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (gaap), which require management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, net revenues and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities. we believe that the accounting estimates employed and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from these estimates and such differences may be material.
the summary of significant accounting policies is included in note 1 - description of business and significant accounting policies of the notes to consolidated financial statements. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, if different estimates reasonably could have been used, or if changes in the estimate that are reasonably possible could materially impact the financial statements. the accounting policies described below reflect the significant judgments, estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition, reserves and allowances we recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. revenue from the sale of hardware systems and software components essential to the functionality of the hardware systems is recognized in accordance with general revenue recognition accounting guidance. our product revenues also include revenues from the sale of non-essential software products, which generally includes a perpetual license to our software. non-essential software sales are subject to industry specific software revenue recognition accounting guidance. software maintenance and hardware maintenance services revenues are recognized ratably over their contractual terms, generally from one to five years.
for multiple element arrangements, we allocate revenue to the software deliverables and the non-software deliverables as a group based on the relative selling prices of all of the deliverables in the arrangement. for our non-software deliverables, we allocate the arrangement consideration based on the relative selling price of the deliverables using estimated selling price (esp). for our software maintenance services, we generally use vendor-specific objective evidence of selling price (vsoe). when we are unable to establish vsoe for our software maintenance services, we use esp in our allocation of arrangement consideration.
the selling price for each element is based upon the following selling price hierarchy: vsoe if available, third party evidence (tpe) if vsoe is not available, or esp if neither vsoe nor tpe are available. generally, we are not able to determine tpe because our go-to-market strategy differs from that of our peers and our offerings contain a significant level of differentiation such that the comparable pricing of products with similar functionality cannot be obtained.
we record reductions to revenue for estimated sales returns at the time of shipment. we also maintain a separate allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses based on our assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts.
32
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for recognizing revenue:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        key uncertainties

·   we establish vsoe of selling price using the price charged for a deliverable when sold separately and generally evidenced by a substantial majority of historical stand-alone transactions falling within a reasonably narrow range. in addition, we consider major service type, customer type, and other variables in determining vsoe. our revenue estimates and assumptions are based on our ability to assert and maintain vsoe.   ·   as our business and offerings evolve over time, modifications to our pricing and discounting methodologies, changes in the scope and nature of service offerings and/or changes in customer segmentation may result in a lack of consistency required to establish and/or maintain vsoe or to maintain consistent esp. additionally, technological changes resulting in variability in product costs and gross margins may require changes to our esp model. changes in esp may result in a different allocation of revenue to the deliverables in multiple-element arrangements. these factors, among others, may adversely impact the amount of revenue and gross margin we report in a particular period.
esp is generally evidenced by a majority of historical transactions falling within a reasonable price range. we also consider multiple factors, including, but not limited to, cost of products, gross margin objectives, historical pricing practices, customer type and distribution channels. our revenue estimates and assumptions are based on our ability to maintain consistent esp.
·   sales returns are estimated based on historical sales returns, current trends and our expectations regarding future experience. additionally, distributors and partners participate in various marketing and other programs, and we maintain estimated accruals and allowances for these programs based on contractual terms and historical experience.                                                                                 ·   if there is insufficient relevant historical data for determining our sales returns estimates, or if we experience changes in practices related to sales returns or changes in market or competitive conditions resulting in higher than expected return rates, or if actual credits received by our distributors and partners deviate significantly from our estimates, our revenues may be adversely impacted.
inventory valuation and purchase order accruals inventories consist primarily of purchased components and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or market, which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis. a provision is recorded when inventory is determined to be in excess of anticipated demand or obsolete in order to adjust inventory to its estimated realizable value. the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our inventories:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    key uncertainties

·   we periodically perform an excess and obsolete analysis of our inventory. inventories are written down based on excess and obsolete reserves determined primarily on assumptions about future demand forecasts and market conditions. at the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.   ·   although we use our best estimates to forecast future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or obsolescence related to technological developments, new product introductions, customer requirements, competition or other factors could have a significant impact on the valuation of our inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected, additional write-downs and other charges against earnings that adversely impact gross margins may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable, we may realize higher gross profits in the period when the written-down inventory is sold.
we are subject to a variety of environmental laws relating to the manufacture of our products. if there are changes to the current regulations, we may be required to make product design changes which may result in excess or obsolete inventory, which could adversely impact our operating results.
·   we make commitments to our third-party contract manufacturers and other suppliers to manage lead times and meet product forecasts and to other parties to purchase various key components used in the manufacture of our products. we establish accruals for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase commitments when we believe it is probable that the components will not be utilized in future operations.                                                            ·   if the actual materials demand is significantly lower than our forecast, we may be required to increase our recorded liabilities for estimated losses on non-cancelable purchase commitments which would adversely impact our operating results.
33
goodwill and purchased intangible assets we allocate the purchase price of acquisitions to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values based on established valuation techniques. goodwill represents the residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases is measured as the excess of the purchase consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
the carrying values of purchased intangible assets are reviewed whenever events and circumstances indicate that the net book value of an asset may not be recovered through expected future cash flows from its use and eventual disposition. we periodically review the estimated remaining useful lives of our intangible assets. this review may result in impairment charges or shortened useful lives, resulting in charges to our consolidated statements of operations.
we review goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of a reporting unit may be less than its fair value. the provisions of the accounting standard for goodwill allow us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. for our annual goodwill impairment test in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we performed a quantitative test at the reporting unit level and determined the fair value substantially exceeded the carrying amount of each reporting unit and, therefore, found no impairment of goodwill.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for estimating the value of our goodwill and purchased intangible assets:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           key uncertainties

·   the assessment of fair value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the accounting guidance for the fair value measurement of nonfinancial assets.                                    ·   while we employ experts to determine the acquisition date fair value of acquired intangibles, the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based on significant management assumptions and estimates, which are inherently uncertain and highly subjective and as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. if different assumptions were to be used, it could materially impact the purchase price allocation.
the valuation of purchased intangible assets is principally based on estimates of the future performance and cash flows expected to be generated by the acquired assets from the acquired business.
·   evaluations of possible goodwill and purchased intangible assets impairment require us to make judgments and assumptions related to the allocation of our balance sheet and income statement amounts and estimate future cash flows and fair market values of our reporting units and assets.   ·   in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill or purchased intangible assets.
assumptions and estimates about expected future cash flows and the fair values of our goodwill and purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors such as the adverse impact of unanticipated changes in macroeconomic conditions and technological changes or new product introductions from competitors. they can also be affected by internal factors such as changes in business strategy or in forecasted product life cycles and roadmaps. our ongoing consideration of these and other factors could result in future impairment charges or accelerated amortization expense, which could adversely affect our operating results.
product warranties estimated future hardware and software warranty costs are recorded as a cost of product revenues at the time of product shipment. we assess the adequacy of our warranty accrual each quarter and adjust the amount as considered necessary.
34
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for product warranties:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                key uncertainties

·   estimated future software and hardware warranty costs are based on historical and projected warranty claim rates, product failure rates, historical and projected materials and logistics costs, distribution and labor costs and knowledge of specific product failures that are outside of our typical experience. we also evaluate our estimates to assess the adequacy of our warranty liability considering the size of the installed base of products subject to warranty protection and adjust the estimates as necessary.   ·   although we engage in product quality programs and processes, if we experience unexpected quality issues resulting in higher failure rates or experience increases in costs to remediate product failures, additional warranty costs may be incurred. additionally, for new products our warranty liability is based on limited historical experience. if our projections differ from such limited experience, our warranty costs may increase, which could adversely impact our gross margins.
valuation of investment securities our investments in debt securities are reported at fair value and are subject to periodic impairment review. unrealized gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of these securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, unless they are determined to be other-than-temporary impairments. the ultimate value realized on these securities is subject to market price volatility until they are sold.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for the valuation of our investment securities:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     key uncertainties

·   the estimated fair value of our debt securities, and the associated accounting for unrealized losses is based on an evaluation of current economic and market conditions, the credit rating of the security's issuer, the length of time and extent the security's fair value has been below its amortized cost and our ability and intent to hold the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for anticipated recovery in value. if we determine that an investment has an other-than-temporary decline in fair value, we recognize the investment loss in earnings.   ·   the fair value of our investments in debt securities could decrease significantly from uncertainties in the credit and capital markets, credit rating downgrades and/or solvency of the issuer, decreases in the marketability of the securities or changes in our ability and intent to continue to hold the securities. if the fair value of our investments decreases significantly and is determined to be other-than-temporary, we may incur impairment charges that could adversely affect our results of operations.
35
income taxes we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we compute our provision for income taxes using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets are expected to be realized or settled. the company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be realized.
the following are the key estimates and assumptions and corresponding uncertainties for our income taxes:
key estimates and assumptions                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                key uncertainties

·   our income tax provision is based on existing tax law and advanced pricing agreements or letter rulings we have with various tax authorities.                                                                                                                                                   ·   our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely impacted by future changes in existing tax laws, such as a change in tax rate, possible u.s. changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and uncertainties as to future renewals of favorable tax agreements and rulings.
·   deferred income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries because these earnings have been indefinitely reinvested and there is no plan in the foreseeable future to initiate any action that would precipitate the payment of income taxes thereon.   ·   we consider the following matters, among others, in evaluating our plans for indefinite reinvestment: the forecasts, budgets and financial requirements of the parent and subsidiaries for both the long and short term; the tax consequences of a decision to reinvest; and any u.s. and foreign government programs designed to influence remittances. if factors change, future income tax expense and payments may differ significantly from the current period and could materially adversely affect our results of operations.
·   the determination of whether we should record or adjust a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets is based on assumptions regarding our future profitability.                                                                                                                       ·   our future profits could differ from current expectations resulting in a change to our determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized. we could adjust our valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the tax provision in the period in which such determination is made.
·   the estimates for our uncertain tax positions are based primarily on company specific circumstances, applicable tax laws, tax opinions from outside firms and past results from examinations of our income tax returns.                                                                         ·   significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions. although we believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome or tax court rulings of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals.
new accounting standards see note 3 - recent accounting standards not yet effective of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a full description of new accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and effects on our financial statements.
36
results of operations our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week year that ends on the last friday in april. an additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every six years to realign fiscal months with calendar months. our fiscal year 2016 ended on april 29, 2016 and was a 53-week year. our fiscal years 2015 and 2014 ended on april 24, 2015 and april 25, 2014, respectively, and were each 52-week years. unless otherwise stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to the company's fiscal years ended in april and the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.
the following table sets forth certain consolidated statements of operations data as a percentage of net revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended

april 29,             april 24,             april 25,
2016                  2015                  2014
revenues:
product                                                    54       %            60       %            62   %
software maintenance                                       17                    15                    14
hardware maintenance and other services                    29                    26                    23
net revenues                                              100                   100                   100
cost of revenues:
cost of product                                            28                    27                    28
cost of software maintenance                                1                     1                     -
cost of hardware maintenance and other services            10                    10                     9
gross profit                                               61                    63                    62
operating expenses:
sales and marketing                                        32                    31                    30
research and development                                   16                    15                    15
general and administrative                                  6                     5                     4
restructuring and other charges                             2                     -                     1
acquisition-related expense                                 -                     -                     -
gain on sale of properties                                 (1   )                 -                     -
total operating expenses                                   55                    51                    50
income from operations                                      6                    12                    12
other income (expense), net                                 -                     -                     -
income before income taxes                                  6                    12                    12
provision for income taxes                                  2                     2                     2
net income                                                  4       %             9       %            10   %
percentages may not add due to rounding discussion and analysis of results of operations overview - net revenues for fiscal 2016 were $5,546 million, a decrease of $577 million, or 9%, compared to fiscal 2015, reflecting lower product revenues, partially offset by an increase in software and hardware maintenance and other services revenues. net revenues for fiscal 2015 were $6,123 million, down $202 million, or 3%, compared to fiscal 2014, reflecting a decrease in product and software maintenance revenues, partially offset by an increase in hardware maintenance and other services revenues.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenues decreased 2 percentage points during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, reflecting lower margins on product revenues. gross profit margins on product revenues in fiscal 2016 decreased compared to fiscal 2015 primarily due to higher discounting and product promotions which resulted in the decline in asps that outpaced the decline in unit materials costs. gross profit as a percentage of net revenues increased 1 percentage point during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, reflecting higher gross margins on hardware maintenance contract and other services revenues. gross profit margins on product revenues in fiscal 2015 were relatively flat compared to fiscal 2014 primarily due to lower asps for configured systems being offset by lower unit materials cost due to changes in product mix.
sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2016 totaled $2,960 million, an increase of 3 percentage points as a percentage of net revenues compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to a lower revenue denominator, partially offset by the benefits of our cost reduction initiatives. sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2015 totaled $3,117 million, up 2 percentage points as a percentage of net revenues compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to a slight decrease in costs on a lower revenue denominator.
37
net revenues (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016               2015                  % change           2014                  % change net revenues          $5,546             $6,123                (9     )%          $6,325                (3     )%
the decrease in net revenues for fiscal 2016 was primarily due to a decrease of $669 million in product revenues, partially offset by $92 million increase in total software maintenance and hardware maintenance and other services revenues. product revenues comprised 54% of net revenues for fiscal 2016, compared to 60% of net revenues for fiscal 2015.
the decrease in net revenues for fiscal 2015 was primarily due to a reduction of $289 million in product revenues, partially offset by $103 million increase in hardware maintenance and other services revenues. product revenues comprised 60% of net revenues for fiscal 2015, compared to 62% of net revenues for fiscal 2014.
sales through our indirect channels represented 77%, 78% and 79% of net revenues in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the following customers, each of which is a distributor, accounted for 10% or more of net revenues:
fiscal year

2016            2015            2014
arrow electronics, inc.          22   %          23   %          22   %
avnet, inc.                      19   %          16   %          16   %
product revenues (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016               2015                  % change           2014                  % change product revenues          $2,986             $3,655                (18    )%          $3,944                (7     )%
product revenues consist of sales of configured systems, which include bundled hardware and software products, and non-configured products, which consist primarily of add-on storage, oem products and add-on hardware and software products.
total configured system revenues of $1,885 million decreased by $328 million, or 15%, and systems unit volume decreased by 3% in fiscal 2016, compared to fiscal 2015. revenues and unit volume decreased from fas entry level and mid-range systems, partially offset by an increase in revenues and unit volume from fas high-end systems and e-series systems (which include our all flash ef systems). asps decreased across all fas systems and e-series systems platforms due primarily to a combination of higher discounting and product promotions introduced in fiscal 2016. asps were also impacted by unfavorable foreign exchange rates, which had an unfavorable impact of approximately 4%, and unfavorable customer and product mix. as a result, overall asps of configured systems were lower in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015.
non-configured product revenues of $1,101 million decreased by $341 million, or 24%, during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. this decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 32% and 36% in add-on storage and oem revenues, respectively. the decrease in add-on storage reflects higher discounting and unfavorable product mix, as well as the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. the decrease in oem revenues reflects our move away from oem products.
total configured system revenues of $2,213 million decreased by $74 million, or 3%, in fiscal 2015, compared to fiscal 2014. revenues decreased in fas entry level, mid-range and high-end systems, partially offset by an increase in e-series systems. total configured systems unit volume increased 5% primarily due to a unit volume increase in fas mid-range, high-end systems and e-series systems platforms, partially offset by a decrease in unit volume in fas entry level systems. these changes in unit volume reflect a shift in customer demand to our newer fas mid-range and high-end systems and higher demand for our e-series systems, and away from our older fas entry level systems. asps decreased across all fas systems and e-series systems platforms due to a combination of newer lower priced products within their respective platforms and unfavorable foreign exchange rates, which had an aggregate negative impact of approximately 2% on configured systems revenues in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. as a result, overall asps of configured systems were lower in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014.
non-configured product revenues of $1,442 million decreased by $215 million, or 13%, during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. this decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 32% in add-on storage revenues and a decrease of 20% in oem revenues, partially offset by a 133% increase in add-on software. the decrease in add-on storage and increase in add-on software are largely due to the change in our pricing strategy that was effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, whereby we now charge for operating system software for storage capacity but have lowered prices on storage hardware. non-configured systems revenues were negatively impacted by 1% as a result of unfavorable foreign exchange rates in fiscal 2015, compared to fiscal 2014.
38
our systems are highly configurable to respond to customer requirements in the open systems storage markets that we serve. this can cause a wide variation in product configurations that can significantly impact revenues, cost of revenues and gross profits. pricing changes, discounting practices, product competition, foreign currency, unit volumes, customer mix, natural disasters and product materials costs can also impact revenues, cost of revenues and/or gross profits. disk drive and flash storage materials are a significant component of our storage systems. while our sales price per terabyte historically declines over time, improved system performance, increased capacity and software to manage this increased capacity have an offsetting favorable impact on product revenues.
software maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016             2015                % change          2014                % change software maintenance revenues          $949             $899         6             %          $915                (2     )%
software maintenance revenues are associated with contracts which entitle customers to receive unspecified product upgrades and enhancements on a when-and-if-available basis, bug fixes and patch releases, as well as internet and telephone access to technical support personnel located in our global support centers.
the fluctuations in software maintenance revenues reflect fluctuations in the aggregate contract value of the installed base under software maintenance contracts, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the terms of the underlying contracts. our software maintenance revenues were favorably impacted by a change in our pricing strategy, effective in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014, such that we now charge for software maintenance services on the storage capacity sold in our configured systems and add-on storage products. we expect this change to continue to result in favorable trends in our software maintenance revenues as a percentage of total revenues. software maintenance revenues were also favorably impacted by the additional week of deferred revenue amortization in the first quarter of fiscal 2016.
hardware maintenance and other services revenues (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016               2015                  % change          2014                  % change hardware maintenance and other services revenues          $1,611             $1,569         3             %          $1,466         7             %
hardware maintenance and other services revenues include hardware maintenance, professional services and educational and training services revenues.
hardware maintenance contract revenues were $1,316 million, $1,253 million and $1,130 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. these revenues increased 5% during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 and increased 11% during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. these increases are a result of increases in the installed base and aggregate contract values under hardware maintenance contracts, due largely to higher levels of shorter term contract renewals from our existing contract base, as well as in fiscal 2016 the favorable impact of an additional week of deferred revenue amortization in the first quarter. professional services and educational and training services revenues aggregated to $295 million, $317 million and $336 million in fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
revenues by geographic area:
fiscal year

2016            2015            2014
united states, canada and latin america (americas)          55   %          56   %          56   %
europe, middle east and africa (emea)                       32   %          30   %          31   %
asia pacific (apac)                                         13   %          13   %          14   %
percentages may not add due to rounding americas revenues consist of sales to americas commercial and united states (u.s.) public sector markets. during fiscal 2016, we experienced declining revenues in all geographic areas, with the largest percentage decline in the americas u.s. public sector market. during fiscal 2015, americas revenues were favorably impacted by an increase in revenues from u.s. public sector markets, but unfavorably impacted by lower americas commercial revenues. emea revenues were unfavorably impacted by foreign exchange rates in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. during fiscal 2014, americas revenues were unfavorably impacted by a decrease in sales to the u.s. public sector market.
39
cost of revenues our cost of revenues consists of three elements: (1) cost of product revenues, which includes the costs of manufacturing and shipping our storage products, amortization of purchased intangible assets, inventory write-downs, and warranty costs, (2) cost of software maintenance, which includes the costs of providing software maintenance and third-party royalty costs and (3) cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues, which includes costs associated with providing support activities for hardware maintenance, global support partnership programs, professional services and educational and training services.
cost of product revenues (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016               2015                  % change           2014                  % change cost of product revenues          $1,558             $1,657                (6     )%          $1,777                (7     )%
the changes in cost of product revenues consisted of the following (in percentage points of the total change):
fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2015          fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2014

percentage change points            percentage change points materials costs                   (5              )                   (5              )
warranty                          -                                   (2              )
other                             (1              )                   -
total change                      (6              )                   (7              )
cost of product revenues represented 52%, 45% and 45% of product revenues for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
materials cost represented 85%, 85% and 84% of product costs for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
materials cost decreased $85 million in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. materials costs were impacted by a decrease of 3% unit volume for configured systems in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. partially offsetting this impact was an increase in overall materials unit cost for configured systems due to an increase in the average unit materials costs in entry level and high-end fas configured systems platforms, partially offset by lower average unit materials costs in mid-range fas systems, due to changes in product mix. the decrease in materials costs also reflects lower add-on storage and oem product volume.
materials cost decreased $82 million in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. materials costs were impacted by a 5% unit volume increase in configured systems in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. overall materials unit cost for configured systems decreased due to a decrease in the average unit materials costs in all of our configured systems platforms, except our fas entry level systems, which increased slightly, due to changes in product mix. the decrease in materials costs also reflects lower oem product volume and lower costs of add-on storage. cost of product revenues were also favorably impacted by a $35 million decrease in hardware-related warranty expense due to a combination of a lower installed base subject to warranty and lower estimated warranty cost per unit.
cost of software maintenance revenues (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016           2015              % change          2014              % change cost of software maintenance revenues         $37            $36         3             %         $31         16            %
cost of software maintenance revenues were relatively flat in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. cost of software maintenance revenues increased in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 primarily due to higher third-party royalties. cost of software maintenance revenues represented 4%, 4% and 3% of software maintenance revenues for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016             2015                % change           2014                % change cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues          $578             $597                (3     )%          $598                -      %
cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues decreased in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015 due to the favorable impact of cost savings initiatives. cost of hardware maintenance and other services revenues were relatively flat in fiscal 2015
40
compared to fiscal 2014. costs represented 36%, 38% and 41% of hardware maintenance and other services revenues for fiscal 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
operating expenses sales and marketing, research and development and general and administrative expenses compensation costs comprise the largest component of operating expenses. included in compensation costs are salaries, benefits, other compensation-related costs, stock-based compensation expense and employee incentive compensation plan costs.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses decreased $57 million, or 3% during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, primarily due to lower salaries and incentive compensation costs, reflecting a 5% decrease in average headcount, lower operating performance against goals and the favorable impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
total compensation costs included in operating expenses decreased $18 million, or 1% during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to a decrease in incentive compensation costs, reflecting lower operating performance against goals, and lower stock-based compensation expense.
sales and marketing (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016               2015                  % change           2014                  % change sales and marketing expenses          $1,792             $1,913                (6     )%          $1,898         1             %
sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, commissions, outside services, allocated facilities and it costs, advertising and marketing promotional expense and travel and entertainment expense. the changes in sales and marketing expenses consisted of the following:
fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2015          fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2014

percentage change points            percentage change points compensation costs                                           (2   )                   (1              )
facilities and it support costs                              (2   )                   -
other                                                        (2   )   2
total change                                                 (6   )   1
the decrease in sales and marketing expenses in fiscal 2016 reflects the approximately 4% favorable impact of fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. additionally, the decrease in compensation costs during fiscal 2016 reflects lower average headcount from the prior year. facilities and it support costs decreased during fiscal 2016 primarily due to cost reduction initiatives.
the decrease in compensation costs during fiscal 2015 is primarily due to lower stock-based compensation and salaries expense, reflecting lower compensation cost per headcount that was partially offset by a 5% increase in headcount. in addition, foreign exchange rate changes resulted in a favorable impact of approximately 2% during fiscal 2015.
research and development (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016             2015                % change           2014                % change research and development expenses          $861             $920                (6     )%          $918                -      %
41
research and development expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, allocated facilities and it costs, depreciation, equipment and software related costs, prototypes, non-recurring engineering charges and other outside services costs. changes in research and development expense consisted of the following:
fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2015          fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2014

percentage change points            percentage change points compensation costs                                           (3   )                   -
facilities and it support costs                              (1   )                   -
other                                                        (2   )                   -
total change                                                 (6   )                   -
the decrease in compensation costs during fiscal 2016 was primarily due to lower salaries and incentive compensation costs, reflecting a 6% decrease in average headcount. facilities and it support costs decreased during fiscal 2016 primarily due to cost reduction initiatives.
research and development expenses were relatively flat in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014.
general and administrative (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016             2015                % change          2014                % change general and administrative expenses          $307             $284         8             %          $281         1             %
general and administrative expenses consist primarily of compensation costs, professional and corporate legal fees, outside services and allocated facilities and it support costs. changes in general and administrative expense consisted of the following:
fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2015          fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2014

percentage change points            percentage change points compensation costs                                                             4                                  (1   )
professional and legal fees and outside services                               7                                   1
facilities and it support costs                                               (3   )                               -
other                                                                          -                                   1
total change                                                                   8                                   1
the increase in compensation costs in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to higher stock-based compensation, salaries and benefit costs. the increase in professional and legal fees and outside services expense in fiscal 2016 was primarily due to higher spending levels on consulting fees and projects. facilities and it support costs decreased during fiscal 2016 primarily due to cost reduction initiatives.
the decrease in compensation costs during 2015 is primarily due to lower incentive compensation costs, stock-based compensation and benefits expenses, partially offset by higher salaries due to a 5% increase in headcount. the increase in professional and legal fees and outside services during 2015 reflects higher spending levels on contractors and professional services.
restructuring and other charges (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016             2015              % change   2014              % change restructuring and other charges          $108              -         nm               $88                (100   )%
nm - not meaningful in response to changes in market conditions and market demand for our products, in march 2016, may 2015, march 2014 and may 2013, we initiated business realignment plans designed to streamline our business, reduce our cost structure and focus our resources on key strategic opportunities, resulting in aggregate reductions of our global workforce of approximately 14% and 11% in fiscal 2016 and 2014, respectively, for which we recognized aggregate charges of $108 million and $88 million, consisting primarily of employee severance costs. we have completed all activities under our restructuring plans with the exception of the march 2016 plan, which we expect to complete in the first half of fiscal 2017 with no significant additional costs. see note 13 - restructuring and other charges of the notes to consolidated financial statements for more details regarding our restructuring plans.
42
acquisition-related expense (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016           2015              % change   2014              % change acquisition-related expense          $8          $-            nm             $-                   -      %
nm - not meaningful during fiscal 2016, we incurred $8 million of acquisition costs, primarily related to legal and consulting fees, employee severance costs, and asset impairments associated with our acquisition of solidfire.
gain on sale of properties (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016              2015              % change   2014              % change gain on sale of properties       $(51      )       $-            nm             $-                   -      %
nm - not meaningful in fiscal 2016, we sold certain properties, which had a net book value of $51 million and related sales proceeds of $102 million, resulting in a gain of $51 million.
other income (expense), net (in millions, except percentages)
the components of other income (expense), net were as follows:
fiscal year

2016              2015                 % change           2014                 % change interest income                                         $46                   $37          24            %            $35          5             %
interest expense                                            (49   )           (42   )      17            %            (36   )      16            %
net gains (losses) recognized on investments                -                   6                 (100   )%             7                 (16    )%
net gains (losses) on foreign currency activities           -                  (4   )             (100   )%             1          nm total                                                   $(3       )           $(3   )                -   %             $7          nm nm - not meaningful interest income increased during fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015, and fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to a shift in our investment portfolio to higher-yielding investments.
interest expense, including the amortization of debt discount and issuance costs, is primarily related to our senior notes. in addition, in fiscal 2014, we also incurred interest expense related to our convertible notes that matured in june 2013.
provision for income taxes (in millions, except percentages):
fiscal year

2016             2015                % change           2014                % change provision for income taxes          $116             $153                (24    )%          $103         48            %
our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 was 33.6% compared to an effective tax rate of 21.5% for fiscal 2015, and an effective tax rate of 13.9% for fiscal 2014. our effective tax rates reflect our corporate legal entity structure and the global nature of our business with a significant amount of our profits generated and taxed in foreign jurisdictions at rates below the u.s. statutory tax rate. the effective tax rates for fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2016 were favorably impacted by the geographic mix of profits. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2016 increased compared to the prior year primarily as a result of a $64 million income tax charge associated with the integration of solidfire into our worldwide operations, as well as $20 million in charges related to the settlements of income tax audits, as further discussed below.
the effective tax rate of 33.6% in fiscal 2016 included a benefit of $81 million, or 23.5 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%. other key components of our effective tax rate for the year included a charge of $64 million, or 18.6 percentage points, related to the integration of solidfire intellectual property into our tax structure, charges of $20 million, or 5.8 percentage points, in connection with the settlement of income tax audits, a benefit of $14 million, or 4.1 percentage points, related to current and prior year research and development credits, a tax charge of $13 million, or 3.8 percentage points, attributable to non-deductible stock-based compensation and a benefit of $10 million, or 2.9 percentage points, related to the domestic production activities deduction.
43
the effective tax rate of 21.5% in fiscal 2015 included a benefit of $141 million, or 19.8 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%. other key components of our effective tax rate for the year included a benefit of $14 million, or 1.9 percentage points, related to current and prior year research and development credits, a benefit of $5 million, or 0.7 percentage points, related to the domestic production activities deduction, and charges of $46 million, or 6.5 percentage points, in connection with income tax audits.
the effective tax rate of 13.9% in fiscal 2014 included a benefit of $163 million, or 22.0 percentage points, from foreign profits taxed at effective tax rates lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35%. other key components of our effective tax rate for the year included a benefit of $9 million, or 1.2 percentage points, related to current year research and development credits and a charge of $10 million, or 1.3 percentage points, attributable to non-deductible stock-based compensation and a benefit of $6 million, or 0.8 percentage points, related to the domestic production activities deduction.
in december 2015, the enactment of the protecting americans from tax hikes act of 2015 permanently extended the federal research credit which had previously expired on december 31, 2014. as a result of the extension, during fiscal 2016, we recorded a benefit of $10 million related to the current year research credit and a benefit of $4 million related to a prior year credit that we retroactively claimed.
in december 2014, the tax increase prevention act of 2014 extended the federal research credit for amounts paid or incurred after december 31, 2013 and before january 1, 2015. as a result of the extension, in fiscal 2015 we recorded a benefit of $10 million related to the fiscal 2015 research credit and a benefit of $4 million related to a prior year credit that was retroactively claimed.
in june 2015, the internal revenue service (irs) signed a closing agreement with respect to transfer pricing arrangements and, in october 2015, completed the examination of our fiscal 2008 to 2010 income tax returns. during fiscal 2016, we recorded a tax charge of $23 million attributable to transfer pricing and other audit settlements and the related re-measurement of uncertain tax positions for tax years subject to future audits.
in july 2014, the irs completed the examination of our fiscal 2005 to 2007 income tax returns upon approval by the joint committee of taxation. during fiscal 2015, we recorded a tax charge of $47 million attributable to the audit settlement and related re-measurements of uncertain tax positions for tax years subject to future audits.
we are currently undergoing federal income tax audits in the united states and several foreign tax jurisdictions. transfer pricing calculations are key issues under audits in various jurisdictions, and are often subject to dispute and appeals. our open years in u.s. federal jurisdictions are fiscal 2012 and later years. in addition, we are effectively subject to federal tax examination adjustments for tax years ended on or after fiscal year 2001, in that we have tax attribute carryforwards from these years that could be subject to adjustments in the tax years of utilization.
on september 17, 2010, the danish tax authorities issued a decision concluding that distributions declared in 2005 and 2006 from our danish subsidiary were subject to danish at-source dividend withholding tax. we do not believe that our danish subsidiary is liable for withholding tax and filed an appeal with the danish tax tribunal to that effect. on december 19, 2011, the danish tax tribunal issued a ruling that our danish subsidiary was not liable for danish withholding tax. the danish tax examination agency appealed to the danish high court in march 2012. in february 2016, the danish high court referred the case to the european court of justice.
we continue to monitor the progress of ongoing tax controversies and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. we engage in continuous discussion and negotiation with taxing authorities regarding tax matters in multiple jurisdictions. we believe that within the next 12 months, it is reasonably possible that either certain audits will conclude, certain statutes of limitations will lapse, or both. based on current information, we do not expect significant changes to our existing unrecognized tax benefits as of april 29, 2016.
liquidity, capital resources and cash requirements
(in millions, except percentages)              april 29,         april 24,
2016              2015

cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments        $5,303            $5,326
principal amount of debt                                    $2,350            $1,500
debt as a % of stockholders' equity                             82   %            44   %
44
the following is a summary of our cash flow activities:
fiscal year

(in millions)                                                  2016                2015
net cash provided by operating activities                               $974           $1,268
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                       85                 (903   )
net cash used in financing activities                                   (109   )             (675   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents              (4   )              (59   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                    $946           $(369        )
cash flows as of april 29, 2016, our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaled $5.3 billion, reflecting a minimal decrease of $23 million from april 24, 2015. the decrease was primarily due to $960 million in cash paid for the repurchase of our common stock and $210 million in cash used for the payment of dividends, partially offset by $974 million of cash provided by operating activities, $102 million from the sale of properties and $148 million in proceeds from sale-leaseback transactions of certain of properties. additionally, $870 million of cash was obtained through a short-term loan, which was primarily used to acquire solidfire. accounts receivable dso was 54 days for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 compared to 46 days for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 reflecting seasonal shipment linearity. working capital decreased by $1.3 billion to $2.8 billion as of april 29, 2016 primarily as a result of the short-term loan.
cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2016, we generated cash from operating activities of $974 million, reflecting net income of $229 million, adjusted by non-cash depreciation and amortization of $279 million, stock-based compensation of $260 million, partially offset by adjustments for a deferred income tax provision of $113 million and a gain on sale of properties of $51 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2016 included the following:
·   other operating assets decreased $109 million, primarily due to decreases in manufacturing-related activities.

·   deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue increased $186 million, primarily due to an increase in maintenance services contract renewals.

during fiscal 2015, we generated cash from operating activities of $1.3 billion. the primary sources of cash from operating activities during fiscal 2015 consisted of net income of $560 million, adjusted by non-cash depreciation and amortization of $307 million and stock-based compensation of $259 million.
changes in assets and liabilities during fiscal 2015 included the following:
·   accounts receivable decreased primarily due to lower invoicing levels.

·   accrued expenses decreased primarily due to employee compensation payouts related to fiscal year 2014 incentive compensation plans and restructuring obligations.

·   deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue increased due to an increase in deferred software and hardware maintenance contract revenues.

we expect that cash provided by operating activities may materially fluctuate in future periods as a result of a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, shipment linearity, accounts receivable collections performance, inventory and supply chain management, tax benefits or charges from stock-based compensation, and the timing and amount of compensation and other payments.
cash flows from investing activities during fiscal 2016, we generated $982 million from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, expended $842 million of cash on the solidfire acquisition, net of cash acquired, paid $160 million for capital expenditures and received $102 million of proceeds from the sale of properties.
during fiscal 2015, we used $645 million for purchases of investments, net of maturities and sales, and paid $175 million for capital expenditures. in addition, we expended $85 million of cash on acquisitions.
45
cash flows from financing activities during fiscal 2016, we borrowed $870 million under a short-term loan which was used primarily to fund the acquisition of solidfire. we used $960 million for the repurchase of 33 million shares of our common stock, $210 million for the payment of dividends and received $148 million of proceeds under sale-leaseback transactions.
during fiscal 2015, we generated $495 million, net, from the issuance of long-term debt and used $1.2 billion for the repurchase of 30 million shares of our common stock and $208 million for the payment of dividends.
key factors that could affect our cash flows include changes in our revenue mix and profitability, our ability to effectively manage our working capital, in particular, accounts receivable and inventories, the timing and amount of stock repurchases and payment of cash dividends, the impact of foreign exchange rate changes, our ability to effectively integrate acquired products, businesses and technologies, and the timing of repayments of our debt. based on past performance and our current business outlook, we believe that our sources of liquidity, including potential future issuances of debt, equity or other securities, will satisfy our working capital needs, capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on our debt and other liquidity requirements associated with operations and meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months. however, in the event our liquidity is insufficient, we may be required to curtail spending and implement additional cost saving measures and restructuring actions or enter into new financing arrangements. we cannot be certain that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above current levels or that we will be able to obtain additional financing, if necessary, on satisfactory terms, if at all.
liquidity our principal sources of liquidity as of april 29, 2016 consisted of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as well as cash we expect to generate from operations.
cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments consisted of the following (in millions):
april 29,      april 24,
2016           2015

cash and cash equivalents         $2,868         $1,922
short-term investments             2,435          3,404
total                             $5,303         $5,326
as of april 29, 2016 and april 24, 2015, $4.8 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively, of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments were held by various foreign subsidiaries and were generally based in u.s. dollar-denominated holdings, while $0.5 billion and $0.6 billion, respectively, were available in the u.s. most of the amounts held outside the u.s. can be repatriated to the u.s. but, under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal, state income and foreign withholding taxes. if we were to repatriate foreign earnings to fund cash requirements in the u.s., we would incur u.s. federal and state income taxes reduced by the current amount of our u.s. federal and state tax credit carryforwards. however, our intent is to keep these funds permanently reinvested outside of the u.s., and our current plans do not contemplate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations. our principal liquidity requirements are primarily to meet our working capital needs, support ongoing business activities, fund research and development, meet capital expenditure needs, and invest in critical or complementary technologies, and service interest and principal payments on our debt.
the principal objectives of our investment policy are the preservation of principal and maintenance of liquidity. we attempt to mitigate default risk by investing in high-quality investment grade securities, limiting the time to maturity and monitoring the counter-parties and underlying obligors closely. we believe our cash equivalents and short-term investments are liquid and accessible. we are not aware of any significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents or investments from the values reported as of april 29, 2016.
our investment portfolio has been and will continue to be exposed to market risk due to trends in the credit and capital markets. we continue to closely monitor current economic and market events to minimize the market risk of our investment portfolio. we utilize a variety of planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure our worldwide cash is available when and where it is needed. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations. we routinely monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign borrowers and counterparties.
46
senior notes the following table summarizes the principal amount of our senior notes as of april 29, 2016 (in millions):
2.00% senior notes due 2017       $750

3.375% senior notes due 2021         500
3.25% senior notes due 2022         250
total      $1,500
interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually. for further information on the underlying terms, see note 10 - financing arrangements of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
short-term loan in february 2016, in connection with our acquisition of solidfire, we entered into a short-term loan that matures on november 2, 2016, that we expect to repay using funds generated by our global operations. as of april 29, 2016, $850 million of the loan principal remained outstanding. the loan is subject to the same covenants as our credit facility described below.
credit facility our credit facility, under which we may borrow up to $300 million, provides another potential source of liquidity. the credit facility is an unsecured five-year revolving credit facility that terminates on december 21, 2017 if no extensions have been requested by that time, and contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. we may also, subject to certain requirements, request an increase in the facility up to an additional $50 million and request two additional one-year extensions, subject to certain conditions. as of april 29, 2016, no borrowings were outstanding under the facility and we were in compliance with all covenants associated with the facility.
we also have an automatic shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission. we may in the future offer an additional unspecified amount of debt, equity and other securities.
capital expenditure requirements we expect to fund our capital expenditures, including our commitments related to facilities, equipment, operating leases and internal-use software development projects over the next few years through existing cash, cash equivalents, investments and cash generated from operations. the timing and amount of our capital requirements cannot be precisely determined and will depend on a number of factors, including future demand for products, changes in the network storage industry, hiring plans and our decisions related to the financing of our facilities and equipment requirements. we anticipate capital expenditures for fiscal 2017 to be between $150 million and $200 million.
dividends and stock repurchase program on may 25, 2016, we declared a cash dividend of $0.19 per share of common stock, payable on july 27, 2016 to holders of record as of the close of business on july 18, 2016.
as of april 29, 2016, our board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $9.6 billion of our common stock under our stock repurchase program. under this program, we can purchase shares of our outstanding common stock through open market and privately negotiated transactions at prices deemed appropriate by our management. the stock repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time. since the may 13, 2003 inception of this program through april 29, 2016, we repurchased a total of 247 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $32.85 per share, for an aggregate purchase price of $8.1 billion. as of april 29, 2016, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program was $1.5 billion with no termination date, which we plan to complete by may 2018.
the timing and amount of stock repurchase transactions and future dividends will depend on market conditions, corporate business and financial considerations and regulatory requirements.
march 2016 restructuring plan in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016, we initiated a restructuring plan to streamline our business and reduce operating expenses. we expect to incur approximately $45 million of additional cash expenditures in connection with this plan in the first two quarters of fiscal 2017.
47
contractual obligations the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from operations discussed previously. the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at april 29, 2016 (in millions):
2017        2018       2019      2020      2021      thereafter       total

office space and equipment lease                 $60         $50       $39       $31       $23             $50          $253
commitments purchase commitments with contract               211           -         -         -         -               -           211
manufacturers (1)
construction related obligations                  37           -         -         -         -               -            37
other purchase obligations (2)                    88          29        13         7         4              11           152
total off-balance sheet commitments              396          79        52        38        27              61           653
short-term loan (3)                              850           -         -         -         -               -           850
long-term debt obligations (4)                    40         790        25        25        25             775         1,680
long-term financing arrangements                   6           3         -         -         -               -             9
sale-leaseback financing obligations (5)          19         129         -         -         -               -           148
uncertain tax positions (6)                                                                                              152
total contractual obligations                 $1,311      $1,001       $77       $63       $52            $836        $3,492
other commercial commitments:
letters of credit                                $10          $2        $-        $2        $-              $-           $14
(1)   contract manufacturer commitments consist of obligations for on-hand inventories and non-cancelable purchase orders with our contract manufacturers. we record a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts. as of april 29, 2016, such liability amounted to $7 million and is included in accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets. to the extent that such forecasts are not achieved, our commitments and associated accruals may change.

(2)   purchase obligations represent an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations associated with our ordinary course of business, in addition to inventory commitments with contract manufacturers, for which we have not received the goods or services. purchase obligations do not include contracts that may be cancelled without penalty. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services.

(3)   represents principal payments on our short-term loan. interest payments will vary depending on the timing of repayments of the principal and libor rates.

(4)   included in long-term debt are obligations related to our $1.5 billion principal amount of our senior notes, of which $750 million is due in december 2017, $500 million is due in june 2021 and $250 million is due in december 2022. estimated interest payments for our long-term debt, assuming no early retirement of debt obligations, are $180 million for fiscal 2017 through fiscal 2023.

(5)   sale-leaseback financing obligations are non-cash obligations as discussed below.

(6)   as of april 29, 2016, our liability for uncertain tax positions was $152 million, including interest, penalties and offsetting indirect benefits, which due to the uncertainty of the timing of future payments, are presented in the total column on a separate line in this table.

some of the amounts in the table above are based on management's estimates and assumptions, including the commitment duration, the possibility of renewal or termination, anticipated actions by management and third parties and other factors. because these estimates and assumptions are subjective, our actual future obligations may vary from those reflected in the table.
sale-leaseback transaction in fiscal 2016 we entered into sale-leaseback arrangements of certain of our land and buildings, under which we leased back certain of our properties rent free over lease terms ending at various dates ranging from march 31, 2017 to december 31, 2017, unless terminated early by us. due to the existence of a prohibited form of continuing involvement, these properties did not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting and as a result they have been accounted for as financing transactions under lease accounting standards. under the financing method, the assets, which had a net book value of $67 million at the date of the transactions, will remain on our consolidated balance sheets and proceeds received by us from these transactions of $148 million are reported as financing obligations. at the end of each respective leaseback period, or when our continuing involvement under the leaseback agreements ends, each transaction will be reported as a non-cash sale of land and buildings and extinguishment of financing obligations, and the difference between the then net book value of the properties and the unamortized balance of the financing obligations will be recognized as a gain on sale of properties. these financing obligations are reflected as non-cash obligations in the preceding commitments table.
financial guarantee instruments in the ordinary course of business, we provide standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to third parties as required for certain transactions initiated either by us or our subsidiaries. as of april 29, 2016, our financial guarantees of $14 million that were not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets consisted primarily of standby letters of credit and surety bonds.
48
financing guarantees while most of our arrangements for sales include short-term payment terms, from time to time we provide long-term financing to creditworthy customers. we have generally sold receivables financed through these arrangements on a non-recourse basis to third party financing institutions within 10 days of the contracts' dates of execution, and we classify the proceeds from these sales as cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. we account for the sales of these receivables as "true sales" as defined in the accounting standards on transfers of financial assets, as we are considered to have surrendered control of these financing receivables. provided all other revenue recognition criteria have been met, we recognize product revenues for these arrangements, net of any payment discounts from financing transactions, upon product acceptance. we sold $243 million and $197 million of receivables during fiscal 2016 and 2015, respectively.
in addition, we enter into arrangements with leasing companies for the sale of our hardware systems products. these leasing companies, in turn, lease our products to end-users. the leasing companies generally have no recourse to us in the event of default by the end-user and we recognize revenue upon delivery to the end-user customer, if all other revenue recognition criteria have been met.
some of the leasing arrangements described above have been financed on a recourse basis through third-party financing institutions. under the terms of recourse leases, which are generally three years or less, we remain liable for the aggregate unpaid remaining lease payments to the third-party leasing companies in the event of end-user customer default. these arrangements are generally collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. where we provide a guarantee for recourse leases, we defer revenues subject to the industry-specific software revenue recognition guidance and recognize revenues for non-software deliverables in accordance with our multiple deliverable revenue arrangement policy. in connection with certain recourse financing arrangements, we receive advance payments associated with undelivered elements that are subject to customer refund rights. as of april 29, 2016 and april 24, 2015, the aggregate amount by which such contingencies exceeded the associated liabilities was not significant. to date, we have not experienced material losses under our lease financing programs or other financing arrangements.
we have entered into service contracts with certain of our end-user customers that are supported by third-party financing arrangements. if a service contract is terminated as a result of our non-performance under the contract or our failure to comply with the terms of the financing arrangement, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to acquire certain assets related to the service contract or to pay the aggregate unpaid payments under such arrangements. as of april 29, 2016, we have not been required to make any payments under these arrangements, and we believe the likelihood of having to acquire a material amount of assets or make payments under these arrangements is remote. the portion of the financial arrangement that represents unearned services revenue is included in deferred revenue and financed unearned services revenue in our consolidated balance sheets.
indemnification agreements we enter into indemnification agreements with third parties in the ordinary course of business. generally, these indemnification agreements require us to reimburse losses suffered by the third-parties due to various events, such as lawsuits arising from patent or copyright infringement. these indemnification obligations are considered off-balance sheet arrangements under accounting guidance.
legal contingencies we are subject to various legal proceedings and claims which arise in the normal course of business. see further details on such matters in note 18 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
