item 1a - risk factors in the normal course of our business activities, we are exposed to a variety of risks. the following discussion sets forth the risk factors that we have identified as being most significant to northern trust. although we discuss these risk factors primarily in the context of their potential effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations, you should understand that these effects can have further negative implications such as: reducing the price of our common stock and other securities; reducing our capital, which can have regulatory and other consequences; affecting the confidence that clients and counterparties have in us, with a resulting negative effect on our ability to conduct and grow our businesses; and reducing the attractiveness of our securities to rating agencies and potential purchasers, which may affect adversely our ability to raise capital and secure other funding or the prices at which we are able to do so. further, additional risks beyond those discussed below, elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k or in other of our reports filed with, or furnished to, the sec also could affect us adversely. we cannot assure you that the risk factors herein or elsewhere in our other reports address all potential risks that we may face.
these risk factors also serve to describe factors which may cause our results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements included herein or in other documents or statements that make reference to this annual report on form 10-k. forward-looking statements and other factors that may affect future results are discussed under "forward-looking statements" included in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of this annual report on form 10-k.
market risks market volatility and/or a downturn in economic conditions may affect our earnings negatively.
our principal operational focus is on fee-based business, which is distinct from commercial banking institutions that earn most of their revenues from loans and other traditional interest-generating products and services. fees for many of our products and services are based on the market value of assets under management, custody or administration; the volume of transactions processed; securities lending volume and spreads; and fees for other services rendered, all of which may be impacted negatively by market volatility and/or a downturn in economic conditions. for example, downturns in equity markets and decreases in the value of debt-related investments resulting from market disruption, illiquidity or other factors have historically reduced the valuations of the assets we manage or service for others, which generally impacted our earnings negatively. market volatility and/or weak economic conditions also may affect wealth creation, investment preferences, trading activities, and savings patterns, which impact demand for certain products and services that we provide. such conditions also may affect the ability of borrowers to repay loans, causing credit quality to deteriorate and resulting in increased cost of credit, a higher level of charge-offs and higher provision for credit losses, all of which would reduce our earnings.
changes in interest rates can affect our earnings negatively.
the direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. although the federal reserve board has raised the target federal funds rate range in recent years, thus far such increases have been measured and interest rates generally remain near historical lows. the low interest rate environment that has persisted since the 2007-2008 global financial crisis has had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our net interest margin, which is the difference between what we earn on our assets and the interest rates we pay for deposits and other sources of funding. a continued low interest rate environment also may have a negative impact on our fees earned on certain of our products. for example, we have waived in recent years, and may waive in the future, certain fees associated with money market mutual funds due to short-term interest rate levels. low net interest margins and fee waivers each negatively impact our earnings.
a rise in interest rates also may affect us negatively if, for example, such a rise causes: our clients to transfer funds into investments with higher rates of return, resulting in decreased deposit levels and higher fund or account redemptions; our borrowers to experience difficulties in making higher interest payments, resulting in increased credit costs, provisions for loan and lease losses and charge-offs; reduced bond and fixed income fund liquidity, resulting in lower performance, yield and fees; a decline in the value of securities held in our portfolio of investment securities, resulting in decreased levels of capital and liquidity; or higher funding costs.
further, although we have policies and procedures in place to assess and mitigate potential impacts of interest rate risks, if our assumptions about any number of variables are incorrect, these policies and procedures to mitigate risk may be ineffective, which could impact earnings negatively.
please see "market risk" in the "risk management" section included in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of this annual report on form 10-k, for a more detailed discussion of interest rate and market risks we face.
14 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation changes in the monetary and other policies of the various regulatory authorities or central banks of the united states, non-u.s. governments and international agencies may reduce our earnings and affect our growth prospects negatively.
the monetary and other policies of u.s. and international governments, agencies and regulatory bodies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. for example, the federal reserve board regulates the supply of money and credit in the united states, and its policies determine in large part the level of interest rates and our cost of funds for lending and investing, which are important factors in our earnings. the actions of the federal reserve board or other regulatory authorities also may reduce the value of financial instruments we hold. further, their policies can affect our borrowers by increasing interest rates or making sources of funding less available, which may increase the risk that borrowers fail to repay their loans from us. changes in monetary and other governmental policies are beyond our control and can be difficult to predict, and we cannot determine the ultimate effect that any such changes would have upon our business, financial condition or results of operations.
uncertainty about the financial stability of various regions or countries across the globe, including the risk of defaults on sovereign debt and related stresses on financial markets, could have a significant adverse effect on our earnings.
risks and concerns about the financial stability of various regions or countries across the globe could have a detrimental impact on economic and market conditions in these or other markets across the world. foreign market and economic disruptions have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence of and default on consumer debt, and home prices. economic challenges faced in various foreign markets, including negative interest rates in some jurisdictions or continuing pressure on oil prices, and any disruptions related to such challenges, may impact our earnings negatively.
the ultimate impact on us of the united kingdom's referendum regarding whether to remain part of the european union remains uncertain.
in june 2016, the united kingdom ("uk") held a referendum in which voters approved a departure from the european union (the "eu"), commonly referred to as "brexit." the ultimate impact of brexit on the corporation and the bank remains uncertain and will depend on the terms of withdrawal and the post-brexit relationships that the uk will negotiate with the eu and other non-eu nations. increased market volatility and further global economic deterioration resulting from brexit, or concern about brexit, could have significant adverse effects on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. the volatility in the exchange rate for the british pound has increased since the announcement of brexit, which has had, and may continue to have, a negative effect on our results of operations. additionally, certain of our eu operations are conducted through a uk branch of the bank and other of our subsidiaries located in the uk. if our uk subsidiaries are not able to retain their eu financial services "passport," which permits cross-border services and activities throughout the single eu market without needing to obtain local authorizations, we may incur costs to establish one or more subsidiaries in other eu member states and move operations and personnel accordingly. further, during any such transition we may be faced with greater operational risk and client concern with respect to our ability to maintain a high level of service delivery, particularly relative to those of our competitors with subsidiaries in other eu member states facing a lesser degree of cost or disruption. if our clients reduce their deposits with us or select other service providers for all or a portion of the services we provide to them, our revenues will decrease accordingly.
declines in the value of securities held in our investment portfolio can affect us negatively.
our investment securities portfolio represents a greater proportion, and our loan and lease portfolios represent a smaller proportion, of our total consolidated assets in comparison to many other financial institutions. the value of securities available for sale and held to maturity within our investment portfolio, which is generally determined based upon market values available from third-party sources, may fluctuate as a result of market volatility and economic or financial market conditions. for example, the global financial crisis of 2007-08 and resultant period of economic turmoil and financial market disruption affected negatively the liquidity and pricing of securities, generally, and asset-backed and auction rate securities, in particular. declines in the value of securities held in our investment portfolio negatively impact our levels of capital and liquidity. further, to the extent that we experience unrealized losses in our portfolio of investment securities from declines in securities values that management determines to be other than temporary, the book value of those securities will be adjusted to their estimated recovery value and we will recognize a charge to earnings in the quarter during which we make that determination. although we have policies and procedures in place to assess and mitigate potential impacts of market risks, including hedging-related strategies, those policies and procedures are inherently limited because they cannot anticipate the existence or future development of currently unanticipated or unknown risks. accordingly, we could suffer adverse effects as a result of our failure to anticipate and manage these risks properly.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 15
volatility levels and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect our earnings.
we provide foreign exchange services to our clients, primarily in connection with our global custody business. foreign currency volatility influences our foreign exchange trading income as does the level of client activity. foreign currency volatility and changes in client activity may result in reduced foreign exchange trading income. fluctuations in exchange rates may raise the potential for losses resulting from foreign currency trading positions, where aggregate obligations to purchase and sell a currency other than the u.s. dollar do not offset each other or offset each other in different time periods. we also are exposed to non-trading foreign currency risk as a result of our holdings of non-u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities, investments in non-u.s. subsidiaries, and future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense.
we have policies and procedures in place to assess and mitigate potential impacts of foreign exchange risks, including hedging-related strategies. any failure or circumvention of our procedures to mitigate risk may impact earnings negatively. please see "market risk" in the "risk management" section included in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," of this annual report on form 10-k, for a more detailed discussion of market risks we face.
changes in a number of particular market conditions can affect our earnings negatively.
in past periods, reductions in the volatility of currency-trading markets, the level of cross-border investing activity, and the demand for borrowing securities or willingness to lend such securities have affected our earnings from activities such as foreign exchange trading and securities lending negatively. if these conditions occur in the future, our earnings from these activities may be affected negatively. in a few of our businesses, such as securities lending, our fee is calculated as a percentage of our client's earnings, such that market and other factors that reduce our clients' earnings from investments or trading activities also reduce our revenues. for example, the global financial crisis of 2007-08 and resultant period of economic turmoil and financial market disruption produced losses in some securities lending programs, reduced borrower demand and led some clients to withdraw from these programs. a return of these conditions in the future could result in additional withdrawals and decreased activity, which could impact our earnings negatively.
operational risks many types of operational risks can affect our earnings negatively.
we regularly assess and monitor operational risk in our businesses. despite our efforts to assess and monitor operational risk, our risk management program may not be effective in all cases. factors that can impact operations and expose us to risks varying in size, scale and scope include:
•   failures of technological systems or breaches of security measures, including, but not limited to, those resulting from cyber-attacks;
•   human errors or omissions, including failures to comply with applicable laws or corporate policies and procedures;
•   theft, fraud or misappropriation of assets, whether arising from the intentional actions of internal personnel or external third parties;
•   defects or interruptions in computer or communications systems;
•   breakdowns in processes, over-reliance on manual processes, which are inherently more prone to error than automated processes, breakdowns in internal controls or failures of the systems and facilities that support our operations;
•   unsuccessful or difficult implementation of computer systems upgrades;
•   defects in product design or delivery;
•   difficulty in accurately pricing assets, which can be aggravated by increased asset coverage, market volatility and illiquidity, and lack of reliable pricing from third-party vendors;
•   negative developments in relationships with key counterparties, third-party vendors, employees or associates in our day-to-day operations; and
•   external events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as natural disasters, epidemics, computer viruses, geopolitical events, political unrest or acts of terrorism.
while we have in place many controls and business continuity plans designed to address many of these factors, these plans may not operate successfully to mitigate these risks effectively. we also may fail to identify or fully understand the implications and risks associated with changes in the financial markets or our businesses-particularly as we expand our geographic footprint, product pipeline and client types-and consequently fail to enhance our controls and business continuity plans to address those changes in an adequate or timely fashion. if our controls and business continuity plans do not address the factors noted above and operate to mitigate the associated risks successfully, such factors may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, an important aspect of managing our operational risk is creating a risk culture in which all employees fully understand that there is risk in every aspect of our business and the importance of managing risk as it relates to their job functions. we continue to enhance our risk
16 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management program to support our risk culture, ensuring that it is sustainable and appropriate to our role as a major financial institution. nonetheless, if we fail to create the appropriate environment that sensitizes all of our employees to managing risk, our business could be impacted adversely.
failures of our technological systems or breaches of our security measures, including, but not limited to, those resulting from cyber-attacks, may result in losses.
any failure, interruption or breach in the security of our systems could severely disrupt our operations. our systems involve the use of clients' and our proprietary and confidential information, and security breaches - including cyber-attacks - could expose us to a risk of theft, loss or other misappropriation of this information. our security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, failure of our controls with respect to granting access to our systems, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our or our clients' proprietary and confidential information, resulting in theft, loss or other misappropriation of this information.
information security risks for large financial institutions like us are significant in part because of the proliferation of new technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state actors. if we fail to continue to upgrade our technology infrastructure to ensure effective cyber-security relative to the type, size and complexity of our operations, we could become more vulnerable to cyber-attack. additionally, our computer, communications, data processing, networks, backup, business continuity or other operating, information or technology systems, including those that we outsource to other providers, may fail to operate properly or become disabled, overloaded or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could have a negative effect on our ability to conduct our business activities.
the third parties with which we do business also are susceptible to the foregoing risks (including regarding the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities may therefore be affected adversely, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology, infrastructure or government institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business. in addition, our clients often use their own devices, such as computers, smart phones and tablets, to manage their accounts, which may heighten the risk of system failures, interruptions or security breaches.
in recent years, several financial services firms suffered successful cyber-attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption of services to clients, loss or misappropriation of sensitive or private data, and reputational harm. although we have not to our knowledge suffered a material breach of our systems, we and our clients have been subject to cyber-attacks, and it is possible that we could suffer a material breach in the future. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. we expect to continue to face increasing cyber-threats, including computer viruses, malicious code, distributed denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, information security breaches or employee or contractor error or malfeasance that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our, our clients' or other parties' confidential, personal, proprietary or other information or otherwise disrupt, compromise or damage our or our clients' or other parties' business assets, operations and activities. our status as a global financial institution and the nature of our client base may enhance the risk that we are targeted by such cyber-threats. if a breach of our security occurs, we could be the subject of legal claims or proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, our reputation could suffer and we could lose clients, each of which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. a breach of our security also may affect adversely our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. an event that results in the loss of information also may require us to reconstruct lost data or reimburse clients for data and credit monitoring services, which could be costly and have a negative impact on our business and reputation.
further, even if not directed at us, attacks on financial or other institutions important to the overall functioning of the financial system or on our counterparties could affect, directly or indirectly, aspects of our business.
the systems and models we employ to analyze, monitor and mitigate risks, as well as for other business purposes, are inherently limited, may be not be effective in all cases and, in any case, cannot eliminate all risks that we face.
we use various systems and models in analyzing and monitoring several risk categories, as well as for other business purposes. however, these systems and models are inherently limited because they involve techniques and judgments that cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome in the markets in which we operate, nor can they anticipate the specifics and timing of such outcomes. further, these systems and models may fail to quantify accurately the magnitude of
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 17
the risks we face. our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions and historical analyses and correlations. these assumptions may be incorrect, and the historical correlations on which we rely may not continue to be relevant. consequently, the measurements that we make may not adequately capture or express the true risk profiles of our businesses or provide accurate data for other business purposes, each of which ultimately could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. errors in the underlying model or model assumptions, or inadequate model assumptions, could result in unanticipated and adverse consequences, including material loss or noncompliance with regulatory requirements or expectations.
errors, breakdowns in controls or other mistakes in the provision of services to clients or in carrying out transactions for our own account can subject us to liability, result in losses or have a negative effect on our earnings in other ways.
in our asset servicing, investment management, fiduciary administration and other business activities, we effect or process transactions for clients and for ourselves that involve very large amounts of money. failure to manage or mitigate operational risks properly can have adverse consequences, and increased volatility in the financial markets may increase the magnitude of resulting losses. given the high volume of transactions we process, errors that affect earnings may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and corrected.
our dependence on technology, and the need to frequently update our technology infrastructure, exposes us to risks that also can result in losses.
our businesses depend on information technology infrastructure, both internal and external, to record and process, among other things, a large volume of increasingly complex transactions and other data, in many currencies, on a daily basis, across numerous and diverse markets and jurisdictions. due to our dependence on technology and the important role it plays in our business operations, we must constantly improve and update our information technology infrastructure. updating these systems can require significant resources and often involves implementation, integration and security risks that could cause financial, reputational and operational harm. failure to ensure adequate review and consideration of critical business and regulatory issues prior to and during the introduction and deployment of key technological systems or failure to align operational capabilities adequately with evolving client commitments and expectations may have a negative impact on our results of operations. the failure to respond properly to and invest in changes and advancements in technology could limit our ability to attract and retain clients, prevent us from offering products and services comparable to those offered by our competitors, inhibit our ability to meet regulatory requirements or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our operations.
a failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system will be met. any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are otherwise required to restate our financial statements, we could be required to implement expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. in addition, there are risks that individuals, either employees or contractors, consciously circumvent established control mechanisms by, for example, exceeding trading or investment management limitations, or committing fraud.
failure of any of our third-party vendors to perform can result in losses.
third-party vendors provide key components of our business operations such as data processing, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, and network access. our use of third-party vendors exposes us to the risk that such vendors may not comply with their servicing and other contractual obligations to us, including with respect to indemnification and information security, and to the risk that we may not satisfy applicable regulatory responsibilities regarding the management and oversight of third parties and outsourcing providers. while we have established risk management processes and continuity plans, any disruptions in service from a key vendor for any reason or poor performance of services could have a negative effect on our ability to deliver products and services to our clients and conduct our business. replacing these third-party vendors or performing the tasks they perform for ourselves could create significant delay and expense.
18 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation we are subject to certain risks inherent in operating globally which may affect our business adversely.
in conducting our u.s. and non-u.s. business, we are subject to risks of loss from various unfavorable political, economic, legal or other developments, including social or political instability, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, unfavorable tax rates and tax court rulings and changes in laws and regulations. less mature and often less regulated business and investment environments heighten these risks in various emerging markets, in which we have been expanding our business activities. our non-u.s. operations accounted for 25% of our revenue in 2016. our non-u.s. businesses are subject to extensive regulation by various non-u.s. regulators, including governments, securities exchanges, central banks and other regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions in which those businesses operate. in many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the financial services industry are uncertain and evolving and may be applied with extra scrutiny to foreign companies. further, it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market or manage our relationships with multiple regulators in various jurisdictions. our inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market and manage our relationships with regulators could have an adverse effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally. the failure to mitigate properly such risks or the failure of our operating infrastructure to support such international activities could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions, which could affect our business and results of operations adversely.
we actively strive to optimize our geographic footprint. this optimization may occur by establishing operations in lower-cost locations or by outsourcing to third-party vendors in various jurisdictions. these efforts expose us to the risk that we may not maintain service quality, control or effective management within these operations. in addition, we are exposed to the relevant macroeconomic, political and similar risks generally involved in doing business in those jurisdictions. the increased elements of risk that arise from conducting certain operating processes in some jurisdictions could lead to an increase in reputational risk. during periods of transition, greater operational risk and client concern exist with respect to maintaining a high level of service delivery.
in addition, we are subject in our global operations to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments and money laundering, laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act, and the uk bribery act, and economic sanctions and embargo programs administered by the u.s. office of foreign assets control and similar agencies worldwide. while we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographic diversity of our operations, employees, clients and customers, as well as the vendors and other third parties with whom we deal, presents the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules, regulations, laws or programs and any such violation could subject us to significant penalties or affect our reputation adversely.
failure to control our costs and expenses adequately could affect our earnings negatively.
our success in controlling the costs and expenses of our business operations also impacts operating results. through various parts of our business strategy, we aim to produce efficiencies in operations that help reduce and control costs and expenses, including the costs of losses associated with operating risks attributable to servicing and managing financial assets. failure to control these and other costs could affect our earnings negatively and reduce our competitive position.
acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on our business and operations.
acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, global conflicts or other similar catastrophic events could have a negative impact on our business and operations. while we have in place business continuity plans, such events could still damage our facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of our business (including communications and technology), result in harm to or cause travel limitations on our employees, and have a similar impact on our clients, suppliers, third-party vendors and counterparties. these events also could impact the purchase of our products and services negatively to the extent that those acts or conflicts result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general economic activity in the united states or abroad, or in financial market settlement functions. in addition, war, terror attacks, political unrest, global conflicts, national and global efforts to combat terrorism and other potential military activities and outbreaks of hostilities may impact economic growth negatively, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations, and may have other adverse effects on us in ways that we are unable to predict.
credit risks failure to evaluate accurately the prospects for repayment when we extend credit or maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses can result in losses or the need to make additional provisions for credit losses, both of which reduce our earnings.
we evaluate extensions of credit before we make them and then provide for credit risks based on our assessment of the credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio, including undrawn credit commitments. this process requires us to make
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 19
difficult and complex judgments. challenges associated with our credit risk assessments include identifying the proper factors to be used in assessments and accurately estimating the impacts of those factors. allowances that prove to be inadequate may require us to realize increased provisions for credit losses or write down the value of certain assets on our balance sheet, which in turn would affect earnings negatively.
weakened economic conditions can result in losses or the need for additional provisions for credit losses, both of which reduce our earnings.
credit risk levels and our earnings also can be affected by weakness in the economy in general and in the particular locales in which we extend credit, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced demand for credit. adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our borrowers resulting from weakened economic conditions could impact the borrowers' abilities to repay outstanding loans, which could in turn impact our financial condition and results of earnings negatively.
the failure or perceived weakness of any of our significant counterparties could expose us to loss.
the financial markets are characterized by extensive interconnections among financial institutions, including banks, broker/dealers, collective investment funds and insurance companies. as a result of these interconnections, we and many of our clients have counterparty exposure to other financial institutions. this counterparty exposure presents risks to us and to our clients because the failure or perceived weakness of any of our counterparties has the potential to expose us to risk of loss. instability in the financial markets has resulted historically in some financial institutions becoming less creditworthy. during such periods of instability, we are exposed to increased counterparty risks, both as principal and in our capacity as agent for our clients. changes in market perception of the financial strength of particular financial institutions can occur rapidly, are often based upon a variety of factors and can be difficult to predict. in addition, the criteria for and manner of governmental support of financial institutions and other economically important sectors remain uncertain. in recent years the consolidation of financial service firms and the failures of other financial institutions have increased the concentration of our counterparty risk. we are not able to mitigate all of our and our clients' counterparty credit risk. if a significant individual counterparty defaults on an obligation to us, we could incur financial losses that have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
liquidity risks if we do not effectively manage our liquidity, our business could suffer.
liquidity is essential for the operation of our business. market conditions, unforeseen outflows of funds or other events could have a negative effect on our level or cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund asset growth and new business transactions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. if our access to stable and low-cost sources of funding, such as customer deposits, are reduced, we may need to use alternative funding, which could be more expensive or of limited availability. new regulatory requirements relating to liquidity and risk management also may impact us negatively. additional regulations may impose more stringent liquidity requirements for large financial institutions, including the corporation and the bank. given the overlap and complex interactions of these regulations with other regulatory changes, the full impact of the adopted and proposed regulations remains uncertain until their full implementation. for more information on these regulations and other regulatory changes, see "supervision and regulation-liquidity standards" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k. any substantial, unexpected or prolonged changes in the level or cost of liquidity could affect our business adversely.
if the bank is unable to supply the corporation with funds over time, the corporation could be unable to meet its various obligations.
the corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from the bank and the corporation's other subsidiaries. the corporation relies on dividends paid to it by the bank to meet its obligations and to pay dividends to stockholders of the corporation. there are various legal limitations on the extent to which the bank and the corporation's other subsidiaries can supply funds to the corporation by dividend or otherwise. dividend payments by the bank to the corporation in the future will require continued generation of earnings by the bank and could require regulatory approval under certain circumstances. for more information on dividend restrictions, see "supervision and regulation-payment of dividends" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k.
we may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available to us or may only be available on unfavorable terms.
we may need to raise additional capital to provide sufficient resources to meet our business needs and commitments, to accommodate the transaction and cash management needs of our clients, to maintain our credit ratings in response to regulatory changes, including capital rules, or for other purposes. however, our ability to access the capital markets, if
20 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation needed, will depend on a number of factors, including the state of the financial markets. rising interest rates, disruptions in financial markets, negative perceptions of our business or our financial strength, or other factors may impact our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. any diminished ability to raise additional capital, if needed, could subject us to liability, restrict our ability to grow, require us to take actions that would affect our earnings negatively or otherwise affect our business and our ability to implement our business plan, capital plan and strategic goals adversely.
any downgrades in our credit ratings, or an actual or perceived reduction in our financial strength, could affect our borrowing costs, capital costs and liquidity adversely.
rating agencies publish credit ratings and outlooks on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or securities, including long-term debt, short-term borrowings, preferred stock and other securities. our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by the rating agencies and thus may change from time to time based on a number of factors, including our own financial strength, performance, prospects and operations as well as factors not under our control, such as rating-agency-specific criteria or frameworks for our industry or certain security types, which are subject to revision from time to time, and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally.
downgrades in our credit ratings may affect our borrowing costs, our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity adversely. a failure to maintain an acceptable credit rating also may preclude us from being competitive in certain products. additionally, our counterparties, as well as our clients, rely on our financial strength and stability and evaluate the risks of doing business with us. if we experience diminished financial strength or stability, actual or perceived, a decline in our stock price or a reduced credit rating, our counterparties may be less willing to enter into transactions, secured or unsecured, with us, our clients may reduce or place limits on the level of services we provide them or seek other service providers, or our prospective clients may select other service providers, all of which may have other adverse effects on our business.
the risk that we may be perceived as less creditworthy relative to other market participants is higher in a market environment in which the consolidation, and in some instances failure, of financial institutions, including major global financial institutions, could result in a smaller number of larger counterparties and competitors. if our counterparties perceive us to be a less viable counterparty, our ability to enter into financial transactions on terms acceptable to us or our clients, on our or our clients' behalf, will be compromised materially. if our clients reduce their deposits with us or select other service providers for all or a portion of the services we provide to them, our revenues will decrease accordingly.
our success with large, complex clients requires substantial liquidity.
a significant portion of our business involves providing certain services to large, complex clients, which, by their nature, require substantial liquidity. our failure to manage successfully the liquidity and balance sheet issues attendant to this portion of our business may have a negative impact on our ability to meet client needs and grow.
regulatory and legal risks failure to comply with regulations can result in penalties and regulatory constraints that restrict our ability to grow or even conduct our business, or that reduce earnings.
virtually every aspect of our business around the world is regulated, generally by governmental agencies that have broad supervisory powers and the ability to impose sanctions. in the united states, the corporation, the bank and many of the corporation's other subsidiaries are regulated heavily by bank regulatory agencies at the federal and state levels. these regulations cover a variety of matters ranging from required capital levels to prohibited activities. they are directed specifically at protecting depositors, the federal deposit insurance fund and the banking system as a whole, not our stockholders or other security holders. the corporation and its subsidiaries also are regulated heavily by bank, securities and other regulators globally. regulatory violations or the failure to meet formal or informal commitments made to regulators could generate penalties, require corrective actions that increase costs of conducting business, result in limitations on our ability to conduct business, restrict our ability to expand or impact our reputation adversely. failure to obtain necessary approvals from regulatory agencies on a timely basis could affect proposed business opportunities and results of operations adversely. similarly, changes in laws or failure to comply with new requirements or with future changes in laws or regulations may impact our results of operations and financial condition negatively.
the ongoing implementation of the dodd-frank act may have a material effect on our operations.
the dodd-frank act, which became law in july 2010, has had a significant impact on the regulatory and compliance structure in which we operate. while the new presidential administration and u.s. congress have indicated that the dodd-frank act may be subject to further scrutiny and that some of its provisions may be amended or repealed, there remains uncertainty surrounding the manner in which certain of the existing provisions will be implemented by the various regulatory agencies. in february 2017, an executive order was issued by the new presidential administration (i) establishing core principles for regulating the u.s. financial system and (ii) instructing the u.s. secretary of the treasury to
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 21
consult with heads of the member agencies of the u.s. financial stability oversight council and to issue reports that identify laws, regulations, and policies, including those implemented under the dodd-frank act, that inhibit federal regulation of the u.s. financial system in a manner consistent with the core principles. further changes to or resulting from the dodd-frank act or the recent executive order may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business practices, or otherwise affect our business adversely. these legislative and/or regulatory changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements.
changes in regulatory capital requirements could result in reduced earnings.
the dodd-frank act and the implementation of basel iii have led to significantly higher capital requirements, higher capital charges and more restrictive leverage and liquidity ratios, and could impact the capital allocations to various business activities. the ultimate impact of the evolving capital and liquidity standards on us will depend on a number of factors, including the interpretation and implementation of capital and leverage requirements by the u.s. banking regulators. increased capital requirements ultimately could impact the profitability of certain of our business activities, require changes to certain business practices or otherwise affect our business and earnings adversely. see "supervision and regulation" under item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k for a further discussion of the various capital and liquidity requirements to which we are, and in the future may be, subject.
money market mutual fund reform could lower the desirability of money market mutual funds for investors and reduce the profitability of money market mutual funds for sponsors.
on july 23, 2014, the sec approved final rules implementing money market mutual fund reform, which, among other things, require institutional prime money market funds to maintain a floating net asset value and implement procedures that may restrict redemption in certain circumstances through the imposition of liquidity fees and gates against investor redemptions. the implementation of these rules was completed in october 2016. the effects of these rules could lead to lower investor demand for money market mutual funds, reduce the profitability of our money market mutual fund products or otherwise affect our business, earnings, or financial condition adversely.
changes by the u.s. and other governments to policies involving the financial services industry may heighten the challenges we face and make compliance with the evolving laws and regulations applicable to banks and other financial services companies more difficult and costly.
in the past several years, various regulatory bodies have demonstrated heightened enforcement scrutiny through many regulatory initiatives, including anti-money-laundering rules, anti-bribery laws, and loan-modification requirements. these and other regulatory requirements have increased compliance costs and regulatory risks and may lead to financial and reputational damage in the event of a violation. while we have programs in place, including policies, training and various forms of monitoring, designed to ensure compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements, these programs and policies may not always protect us from conduct by individual employees. governments may take further actions to change significantly the way financial institutions are regulated, either through new legislation, new regulations, new applications of existing regulations or a combination of all of these methods. the new presidential administration has called for substantial reform to financial services regulation, which may include comprehensive changes to existing laws and regulations and their application by regulators. we cannot currently predict the impact, if any, of these changes to our business. additionally, other governments and regulators may take actions that increase intervention in the normal operation of our businesses and the businesses of our competitors in the financial services industry, and likely would involve additional legislative and regulatory requirements imposed on banks and other financial services companies. any such actions could increase compliance costs and regulatory risks, lead to financial and reputational damage in the event of a violation, affect our ability to compete successfully, and also may impact the nature and level of competition in the industry in unpredictable ways. the full scope and impact of possible legislative or enhanced regulatory changes and the extent of regulatory activity is uncertain and difficult to predict.
we may be impacted adversely by claims or litigation, including claims or litigation relating to our fiduciary responsibilities.
our businesses involve the risk that clients or others may sue us, claiming that we have failed to perform under a contract or otherwise failed to carry out a duty perceived to be owed to them. our trust, custody and investment management businesses are particularly subject to this risk. this risk is heightened when we act as a fiduciary for our clients and may be further heightened during periods when credit, equity or other financial markets are deteriorating in value or are particularly volatile, or when clients or investors are experiencing losses. in addition, as a publicly-held company, we are subject to the risk of claims under the federal securities laws, and volatility in our stock price and those of other financial institutions increases this risk. claims made or actions brought against us, whether founded or unfounded, may result in
22 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation injunctions, settlements, damages, fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations or require changes to our business. even if we defend ourselves successfully, the cost of litigation is often substantial, and public reports regarding claims made against us may cause damage to our reputation among existing and prospective clients or negatively impact the confidence of counterparties, rating agencies and stockholders, consequently affecting our earnings negatively.
we may be impacted adversely by regulatory enforcement matters.
in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to various regulatory, governmental and enforcement inquiries, investigations and subpoenas. these may be directed generally to participants in the businesses in which we are involved or may be directed specifically at us. in conjunction with enforcement matters, we may face claims for disgorgement, the imposition of civil and criminal penalties or the imposition of other remedial sanctions, any of which could have an adverse impact on us.
we may fail to set aside adequate reserves for, or otherwise underestimate our liability relating to, pending and threatened claims, with a negative effect on our earnings.
we estimate our potential liability for pending and threatened claims, and record reserves when appropriate pursuant to gaap, by evaluating the facts of particular claims under current judicial decisions and legislative and regulatory interpretations. this process is inherently subject to risk, including the risks that a judge or jury could decide a case contrary to our evaluation of the law or the facts or that a court could change or modify existing law on a particular issue important to the case. our earnings will be affected adversely to the extent that our reserves are not adequate.
if we fail to comply with legal standards, we could incur liability to our clients or lose clients, which could affect our earnings negatively.
managing or servicing assets with reasonable prudence in accordance with the terms of governing documents and applicable laws is important. failure to comply with the terms of governing documents and applicable laws, manage adequately risks or manage appropriately the differing interests often involved in the exercise of fiduciary responsibilities may subject us to liability or cause client dissatisfaction, which may impact negatively our earnings and growth.
strategic risks if we do not execute strategic plans successfully, we will not grow as we have planned and our earnings growth will be impacted negatively.
our growth depends upon successful, consistent execution of our business strategies. a failure to execute these strategies will impact growth negatively. a failure to grow organically or to integrate successfully an acquisition could have an adverse effect on our business. the challenges arising from generating organic growth or the integration of an acquired business may include preserving valuable relationships with employees, clients, suppliers and other business partners, delivering enhanced products and services, as well as combining accounting, data processing and internal control systems. to the extent we enter into transactions to acquire complementary businesses and/or technologies, we may not achieve the expected benefits of such transactions, which could result in increased costs, lowered revenues, ineffective deployment of capital, regulatory concerns, exit costs or diminished competitive position or reputation. these risks may be increased if the acquired company operates internationally or in a geographic location where we do not already have significant business operations.
execution of our business strategies also may require certain regulatory approvals or consents, which may include approvals of the federal reserve board and other domestic and non-u.s. regulatory authorities. these regulatory authorities may impose conditions on the activities or transactions contemplated by our business strategies which may impact negatively our ability to realize fully the expected benefits of certain opportunities. further, acquisitions we announce may not be completed if we do not receive the required regulatory approvals, if regulatory approvals are significantly delayed or if other closing conditions are not satisfied.
competition for our employees is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees, and continue to compensate our employees competitively. competition for the best employees in most activities in which we engage can be intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain key personnel. factors that affect our ability to attract and retain talented and diverse employees include our compensation and benefits programs, our profitability and our reputation for rewarding and promoting qualified employees. our ability to attract and retain key executives and other employees may be hindered as a result of existing and potential regulations applicable to incentive compensation and other aspects of our compensation programs. these regulations may not apply to some of our competitors and to other institutions with which we compete for talent. the unexpected loss of services of key
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 23
personnel, both in businesses and corporate functions, could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our markets, operations and clients, years of industry experience and, in some cases, the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. similarly, the loss of key employees, either individually or as a group, could affect our clients' perception of our abilities adversely.
we are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our businesses, which could have a negative effect on our ability to maintain satisfactory prices and grow our earnings.
we provide a broad range of financial products and services in highly competitive markets. we compete against large, well-capitalized, and geographically diverse companies that are capable of offering a wide array of financial products and services at competitive prices. in certain businesses, such as foreign exchange trading, electronic networks present a competitive challenge. additionally, technological advances and the growth of internet-based commerce have made it possible for other types of institutions to offer a variety of products and services competitive with certain areas of our business. many of these nontraditional service providers have fewer regulatory constraints and some have lower cost structures. the same may be said for competitors based in non-u.s. jurisdictions, where legal and regulatory environments may be more favorable than those applicable to the corporation and the bank as u.s.-domiciled financial institutions. these competitive pressures may have a negative effect on our earnings and ability to grow. furthermore, pricing pressures, as a result of the willingness of competitors to offer comparable or improved products or services at a lower price, may result in a reduction in the price we can charge for our products and services, which could have, and in some cases has had, a negative effect on our ability to maintain or increase our profitability.
damage to our reputation could have a direct and negative effect on our ability to compete, grow and generate revenue.
damage to our reputation for delivery of a high level of service undermines the confidence of clients and prospects in our ability to serve them and therefore could affect our earnings negatively. damage to our reputation also could affect the confidence of rating agencies, regulators, stockholders and other parties in a wide range of transactions that are important to our business. failure to maintain our reputation ultimately would have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our balance sheet or grow our business. actions by the financial services industry generally or by other members of or individuals in the financial services industry also could impact our reputation negatively. further, whereas negative public opinion once was driven primarily by adverse news coverage in traditional media, the proliferation of social media channels utilized by us and third parties, as well as the personal use of social media by our employees and others, may increase the risk of negative publicity, including through the rapid dissemination of inaccurate, misleading or false information, which could harm our reputation or have other negative consequences.
we need to invest in innovation constantly, and the inability or failure to do so may affect our businesses and earnings negatively.
our success in the competitive environment in which we operate requires consistent investment of capital and human resources in innovation. this investment is directed at generating new products and services, and adapting existing products and services to the evolving standards and demands of the marketplace. among other things, investing in innovation helps us maintain a mix of products and services that keeps pace with our competitors and achieve acceptable margins. this investment also focuses on enhancing the delivery of our products and services in order to compete successfully for new clients or gain additional business from existing clients, and includes investment in technological innovation as well. effectively identifying gaps or weaknesses in our product offerings also is important. falling behind our competition in any of these areas could affect our business opportunities, growth and earnings adversely. there are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with innovation efforts. we must invest significant time and resources in developing and marketing new products and services, and expected timetables for the introduction and development of new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not be met. further, our revenues and costs may fluctuate because new products and services generally require start-up costs while corresponding revenues take time to develop or may not develop at all.
failure to understand or appreciate fully the risks associated with development or delivery of new product and service offerings will affect our businesses and earnings negatively.
the success of our innovation efforts depends, in part, on the successful implementation of new product and service initiatives. not only must we keep pace with competitors in the development of these new offerings, but we must accurately price them (as well as existing products) on a risk-adjusted basis and deliver them to clients effectively. our identification of risks arising from new products and services, both in their design and implementation, and effective responses to those identified risks, including pricing, is key to the success of our efforts at innovation and investment in new product and service offerings.
24 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation our success with large, complex clients requires an understanding of the market and legal, regulatory and accounting standards in various jurisdictions.
a significant portion of our business involves providing certain services to large, complex clients which require an understanding of the market and legal, regulatory and accounting standards in various jurisdictions. any failure to understand, address or comply with those standards appropriately could affect our growth prospects or affect our reputation negatively. we identify and manage risk through our business strategies and plans and our risk management practices and controls. if we fail to identify and manage significant risks successfully, we could incur financial loss, suffer damage to our reputation that could restrict our ability to grow or conduct business profitably, or become subject to regulatory penalties or constraints that could limit some of our activities or make them significantly more expensive. in addition, our businesses and the markets in which we operate are continuously evolving. we may fail to understand fully the implications of changes in legal or regulatory requirements, our businesses or the financial markets or fail to enhance our risk framework to address those changes in a timely fashion. if our risk framework is ineffective, either because it fails to keep pace with changes in the financial markets, legal and regulatory requirements, our businesses, our counterparties, clients or service providers or for other reasons, we could incur losses, suffer reputational damage or find ourselves out of compliance with applicable regulatory or contractual mandates or expectations. these risks are magnified as client requirements become more complex and as our increasingly global business requires end-to-end management of operational and other processes across multiple time zones and many inter-related products and services.
failure to produce adequate and competitive returns can affect our earnings and growth prospects negatively.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from our investment management, fiduciary and asset-servicing businesses. if we do not generate competitive risk-adjusted returns that satisfy clients in a variety of asset classes, we will have greater difficulty maintaining existing business and attracting new business, which would affect our earnings negatively.
we may take actions to maintain client satisfaction that result in losses or reduced earnings.
we may take action or incur expenses in order to maintain client satisfaction or preserve the usefulness of investments or investment vehicles we manage in light of changes in security ratings, liquidity or valuation issues or other developments, even though we are not required to do so by law or the terms of governing instruments. the risk that we will decide to take actions to maintain client satisfaction that result in losses or reduced earnings is greater in periods when credit or equity markets are deteriorating in value or are particularly volatile and liquidity in markets is disrupted.
other risks changes in tax laws and interpretations and tax challenges may affect our earnings negatively.
both u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities from time to time issue new, or modify existing, tax laws and regulations. these authorities may also issue new, or modify existing, interpretations of those laws and regulations. these new laws, regulations or interpretations, and our actions taken in response to, or reliance upon, such changes in the tax laws may impact our tax position in a manner that results in lower earnings.
in the course of our business, we are sometimes subject to challenges from u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions, all of which may require a greater provision for taxes or otherwise affect earnings negatively.
changes in accounting standards may be difficult to predict and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards, changes to existing accounting standards, or changes in the interpretation of existing accounting standards by the financial accounting standards board, the international accounting standards board, the sec or bank regulatory agencies, or otherwise reflected in gaap, potentially could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. these changes are difficult to predict and in some cases we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the revised treatment of certain transactions or activities, or even the restatement of consolidated financial statements for prior periods.
our ability to return capital to stockholders is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by u.s. banking laws and regulations, applicable provisions of delaware law, or our failure to pay full and timely dividends on our preferred stock and the terms of our outstanding debt.
holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends and other distributions of capital as our board of directors may declare out of funds legally available for such payments under delaware law. although we have declared cash dividends on shares of our common stock historically, we are not required to do so. in addition to the approval of our board of directors, our ability to take certain actions, including our ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock, and make
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 25
other capital distributions, is dependent upon, among other things, their payment being made in accordance with a capital plan as to which the federal reserve board has not objected. there can be no assurance that the federal reserve board will not object to our future capital plans. in addition to imposing restrictions on our ability to return capital to stockholders, an objection by the federal reserve board to a future capital plan would negatively impact our reputation and investor perceptions of us.
a significant source of funds for the corporation is dividends from the bank. as a result, our ability to pay dividends on the corporation's common stock will depend on the ability of the bank to pay dividends to the corporation. there are various legal limitations on the extent to which the bank and the corporation's other subsidiaries can supply funds to the corporation by dividend or otherwise. dividend payments by the bank to the corporation in the future will require continued generation of earnings by the bank and could require regulatory approval under certain circumstances. if the bank is unable to pay dividends to the corporation in the future, our ability to pay dividends on the corporation's common stock would be affected adversely.
our ability to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of our common stock or any of our shares that rank junior to our preferred stock as to the payment of dividends and/or the distribution of any assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the corporation also generally will be prohibited in the event that we do not declare and pay in full dividends on our series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (series c preferred stock) and series d non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (series d preferred stock). further, in the future if we default on certain of our outstanding debts or elect to defer interest payments on our floating rate capital debt we will be prohibited from making dividend payments on our common stock until such payments have been brought current.
any reduction or elimination of our common stock dividend, or even our failure to increase our common stock dividend along with our competitors, likely would have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock.
for more information on dividend restrictions, see "supervision and regulation-payment of dividends" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business overview northern trust corporation (corporation) is a financial holding company that is a leading provider of asset servicing, fund administration, asset management, fiduciary and banking solutions for corporations, institutions, families and individuals worldwide. northern trust focuses on managing and servicing client assets through its two client-focused reporting segments: corporate & institutional services (c&is) and wealth management. asset management and related services are provided to c&is and wealth management clients primarily by the asset management business.
the corporation conducts business through various u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries, including the northern trust company (bank). the corporation was originally formed as a holding company for the bank in 1971. the corporation has a network of offices in 19 u.s. states, washington, d.c., and 22 international locations in canada, europe, the middle east, and the asia-pacific region. except where the context otherwise requires, the term "northern trust" refers to northern trust corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
financial overview net income in 2016 totaled $1.03 billion, up $58.7 million or 6%, from $973.8 million in 2015. earnings per diluted common share totaled $4.32 in 2016 compared to $3.99 in 2015. return on average common equity improved to 11.9% in 2016, from 11.5% in 2015. the current-year second quarter revenue included the gain on sale of 1.1 million shares of visa inc. class b common stock (visa class b common shares), net of the valuation adjustment to existing swap agreements, totaling $118.2 million ($73.1 million after tax), partially offset by impairment charges associated with our leasing portfolio of $21.6 million ($13.4 million after tax). additionally, the current-year second quarter noninterest expense included charges relating to certain securities lending litigation of $46.5 million ($28.9 million after tax), contractual modifications associated with certain existing asset servicing clients of $18.6 million ($11.6 million after tax), and severance and other personnel related charges of $17.5 million ($11.2 million after tax). the prior-year second quarter included a pre-tax gain on the sale of 1.0 million visa inc. class b common shares totaling $99.9 million ($62.1 million after tax), voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar net-asset-value (nav) funds of $45.8 million ($28.6 million after tax), and the impairment of the residual value of certain aircraft under leveraged lease agreements of $17.8 million ($11.1 million after tax). excluding these items, net income increased $73.1 million, or 8%, compared to the prior year.
the 2016 results reflect a continued focus on serving the complex and evolving needs of our clients, while enhancing profitability and returns for our stockholders. revenue increased 6% to $4.96 billion in 2016 from $4.70 billion in the prior year, driven by a 15% increase in net interest income and a 4% increase in trust, investment and other servicing fees. noninterest expense increased 6% to $3.47 billion in 2016 compared to $3.28 billion in 2015, attributable to increased compensation, outside services and equipment and software expense.
client assets under custody/administration (auc/a), under custody, a component of auc/a, and under management were up 10%, 11%, and 8%, respectively, as of december 31, 2016 as compared to december 31, 2015 levels. as of december 31, 2016, auc/a increased to $8.54 trillion from $7.80 trillion in 2015. as of december 31, 2016, client assets under custody increased to $6.72 trillion from $6.07 trillion, and included $3.97 trillion of global custody assets, up 12% from $3.53 trillion in 2015. as of december 31, 2016, client assets under management increased to $942.4 billion from $875.3 billion in 2015.
trust, investment and other servicing fees, which represent the largest component of total revenue, increased 4% to $3.11 billion, from $2.98 billion in 2015, primarily due to new business and lower money market mutual fund fee waivers, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of movements in foreign exchange rates and equity markets.
foreign exchange trading income of $236.6 million decreased 10% from $261.8 million in 2015, primarily resulting from lower client volumes.
other operating income in 2016 and 2015 includes a $123.1 million net gain and a $99.9 million net gain on the sale of 1.1 million and 1.0 million visa class b common shares, respectively.
net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent (fte) basis in 2016 was $1.26 billion, an increase of $164.6 million, or 15%, from $1.10 billion in 2015, reflecting an increased net interest margin and higher levels of earning assets. the net interest margin on an fte basis increased to 1.18% in 2016 from 1.07% in 2015 due to higher yields on earning assets. the current-year and prior-year net interest margins on an fte basis reflect the impact of a $2.7 million and a $17.8 million impairment of the residual value of certain assets under leveraged lease agreements, respectively. excluding the impairments, net interest margin on an fte basis was 1.18% and 1.09% in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 33
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the provision for credit losses in 2016 was a credit of $26.0 million, reflecting improved credit quality across the portfolio and an update to the underlying data used in the quantitative portion of the inherent allowance for credit losses that resulted in a reduction in the allowance ascribed to the residential real estate and private client portfolios. the provision for credit losses in 2015 was a credit of $43.0 million, which reflected improved credit quality across the portfolio coupled with the adoption of a change in estimation methodology for inherent losses. the 2015 change in estimate resulted in a decrease in the estimate for the allowance for credit losses for the commercial and institutional loan portfolio, partially offset by an increase in the allowance for undrawn loan commitments and standby letters of credit. loans and leases as of december 31, 2016 totaled $33.8 billion, up 2% from $33.2 billion in 2015. net charge-offs for the year ended december 31, 2016 and nonperforming assets as of december 31, 2016, were $15.2 million and $165.4 million, respectively, compared to $19.5 million and $188.3 million in 2015.
noninterest expense totaled $3.47 billion in 2016, up $190.1 million, or 6%, from $3.28 billion in the prior year. the current-year second quarter noninterest expense included charges relating to certain securities lending litigation of $46.5 million, contractual modifications associated with certain existing asset servicing clients of $18.6 million, and severance and other personnel related charges of $17.5 million. the prior-year second quarter included a $45.8 million charge related to voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar nav funds. excluding these charges, noninterest expense increased $153.3 million, or 5%, primarily attributable to increased compensation, outside services, and equipment and software expense, partially offset by the favorable impact of movements in foreign exchange rates.
the provision for income taxes in 2016 totaled $484.6 million, representing an effective tax rate of 31.9%. the provision for income taxes in 2015 totaled $491.2 million, representing an effective tax rate of 33.5%. the current year includes a $12.3 million income tax benefit attributed to the corporation adopting asu no. 2016-09, "compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting," an increase in federal tax-exempt income and change in the earnings mix in tax jurisdictions in which the corporation operates, each of which resulted in a reduction of the effective tax rate.
northern trust continued to maintain a strong capital position during 2016, with all capital ratios exceeding those required for classification as "well-capitalized" under federal bank regulatory capital requirements. total stockholders' equity equaled $9.8 billion at year-end, up 12% from $8.7 billion in 2015. on august 8, 2016, the corporation issued 5,000 shares of series d preferred stock for proceeds of $493.5 million, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and other issuance costs. during the year ended december 31, 2016, northern trust increased its quarterly common stock dividend to $0.38 per share and repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock, returning $754.7 million in capital to common stockholders, compared to $829.9 million in 2015.
consolidated results of operations revenue northern trust generates the majority of its revenue from noninterest income that primarily consists of trust, investment and other servicing fees. net interest income comprises the remainder of revenue and consists of interest income generated by earning assets, net of interest expense on deposits and borrowed funds.
revenue in 2016 was $4.96 billion, an increase of 6% from $4.70 billion in 2015. noninterest income represented 75% of total revenue in 2016 compared to 77% in 2015, and totaled $3.73 billion, up 3% from $3.63 billion in 2015.
the current-year increase in noninterest income primarily reflected higher trust, investment and other servicing fees, partially offset by lower foreign exchange trading income. trust, investment and other servicing fees totaled $3.11 billion in 2016, up $127.6 million, or 4%, from $2.98 billion in 2015, primarily due to new business and lower money market mutual fund fee waivers, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of movements in foreign exchange rates and equity markets. foreign exchange trading income in 2016 totaled $236.6 million, down $25.2 million, or 10%, compared with $261.8 million in 2015, primarily resulting from lower client volumes. other operating income in 2016 and 2015 included a $123.1 million net gain and a $99.9 million net gain on the sale of 1.1 million and 1.0 million visa class b common shares, respectively.
net interest income on an fte basis in 2016 was $1.26 billion, an increase of $164.6 million, or 15%, from $1.10 billion in 2015, reflecting higher levels of earning assets and an increased net interest margin. average earning assets increased $4.8 billion, or 5%, in 2016, reflecting higher levels of securities and loans and leases, partially offset by a decrease in interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks. the net interest margin on an fte basis increased to 1.18% in 2016 from 1.07% in 2015 due to higher yields on earning assets. the current-year and prior-year net interest margins reflect the impact of a $2.7 million and a $17.8 million impairment of the residual value of certain assets under leveraged lease agreements, respectively. excluding the impairments, net interest margin was 1.18% and 1.09% in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
34 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations additional information regarding northern trust's revenue by type is provided below.
2016 total revenue of $4.96 billion n   63% - trust, investment and other servicing fees n                          25% - net interest income n               5% - foreign exchange trading income n                      7% - other noninterest income noninterest income the components of noninterest income, and a discussion of significant changes during 2016 and 2015, are provided below.
table 3: noninterest income for the year ended december 31,                                change
($ in millions)                                     2016                2015                2014         2016 / 2015        2015 / 2014
trust, investment and other servicing fees      $3,108.1            $2,980.5            $2,832.8                   4    %             5   %
foreign exchange trading income                    236.6               261.8               210.1                 (10   )%            25   %
treasury management fees                            62.8                64.7                66.0                  (3   )%            (2   )%
security commissions and trading income             81.4                78.7                67.6                   3    %            16   %
other operating income                             241.2               247.1               153.5                  (2   )%            61   %
investment security losses, net                     (3.2     )          (0.3     )          (4.3     )           n/m                (94   )%
total noninterest income                        $3,726.9            $3,632.5            $3,325.7                   3    %             9   %
trust, investment and other servicing fees trust, investment and other servicing fees were $3.11 billion in 2016 compared with $2.98 billion in 2015. trust, investment and other servicing fees are based primarily on the market value of assets held in custody, managed and serviced; the volume of transactions; securities lending volume and spreads; and fees for other services rendered. certain market value calculations on which fees are based are performed on a monthly or quarterly basis in arrears. based on an analysis of historical trends and current asset and product mix, management estimates that a 10% rise or fall in overall equity markets would cause a corresponding increase or decrease in northern trust's trust, investment and other servicing fees of approximately 3% and in total revenue of approximately 2%. for a more detailed discussion of 2016 trust, investment and other servicing fees, refer to the "reporting segments and related information" section.
the following table presents selected equity market indices and the percentage changes year over year.
table 4: market indices daily averages                              year-end
2016                                       2015        change         2016         2015       change s&amp;p 500                  2,094        2,061             2    %   2,239        2,044           10   %
msci eafe (u.s. dollars)     1,646        1,810            (9    )   1,684        1,716           (2   )
msci eafe (local currency)     956        1,048            (9    )   1,037        1,013            2
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 35
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations assets under custody/administration and assets under management auc/a and assets under management form the primary drivers of our trust, investment and other servicing fees. for the purposes of disclosing auc/a, to the extent that both custody and administration services are provided, the value of the assets is included only once. at december 31, 2016, auc/a were $8.54 trillion, up 10% from $7.80 trillion at december 31, 2015. assets under custody, a component of auc/a, were $6.72 trillion at december 31, 2016, up 11% from $6.07 trillion at december 31, 2015, and included $3.97 trillion of global custody assets, compared to $3.53 trillion at december 31, 2015. the increase in assets under custody primarily reflected net inflows and the favorable impact from equity markets, partially offset by an unfavorable impact from foreign currency translation. assets under management totaled $942.4 billion, up 8% from $875.3 billion at the end of 2015. the increase primarily reflected net inflows and the favorable impact of equity markets, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation.
auc/a by reporting segment were as follows:
table 5: assets under custody/administration by reporting segment december 31,             change
($ in billions)                                    2016               2015        2016 /2015
corporate &amp; institutional                  $7,987.0           $7,279.7                10     %
wealth management                                 554.3              517.3                 7     %
total assets under custody/administration      $8,541.3           $7,797.0                10     %
assets under custody by reporting segment were as follows:
table 6: assets under custody by reporting segment december 31,                             change   five-yearcompoundgrowthrate
($ in billions)                        2016              2015              2014              2013              2012       2016 /2015       2015 / 2014
corporate &amp; institutional      $6,176.9          $5,565.8          $5,453.1          $5,079.7          $4,358.6               11   %             2   %                             7   %
wealth management                     543.6             506.3             515.7             496.0             446.3                7                (2   )                             4
total assets under custody         $6,720.5          $6,072.1          $5,968.8          $5,575.7          $4,804.9               11   %             2   %                             7   %
36 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations assets under custody were invested as follows:
table 7: assets under custody by investment type december 31,
2016                              2015      2014      2013      2012
equities                  46    %   44    %   45    %   47    %   44   %
fixed income securities   36        37        36        34        36
cash and other assets     18        19        19        19        20
assets under management by reporting segment were as follows:
table 8: assets under management by reporting segment december 31,                               change   five-yearcompoundgrowthrate
($ in billions)                      2016            2015            2014            2013            2012      2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
corporate &amp; institutional      $694.0          $648.0          $709.6          $662.7          $561.2                7   %            (9   )%                             4   %
wealth management                   248.4           227.3           224.5           221.8           197.7                9                 1   5
total assets under management      $942.4          $875.3          $934.1          $884.5          $758.9                8   %            (6   )%                             4   %
assets under management were invested and managed as follows:
table 9: assets under management by investment type december 31,
2016                                    2015      2014      2013      2012
equities                        51    %   51    %   52    %   54    %   48   %
fixed income securities         17        17        17        17        19
cash and other assets           20        20        18        17        21
securities lending collateral   12        12        13        12        12
table 10: assets under management by management style december 31,
2016                    2015      2014      2013      2012
index           47    %   47    %   49    %   51    %   47   %
active          40        40        39        43        46
multi-manager    5         4         6         4         5
other            8         9         6         2         2
foreign exchange trading income northern trust provides foreign exchange services in the normal course of business as an integral part of its global custody services. active management of currency positions, within conservative limits, also contributes to foreign exchange trading income. foreign exchange trading income totaled $236.6 million in 2016 compared with $261.8 million in the prior year. the decrease of $25.2 million, or 10%, is attributable to lower client volumes in 2016.
treasury management fees treasury management fees, generated from cash and treasury management products and services provided to clients, totaled $62.8 million, down 3% from $64.7 million in 2015.
security commissions and trading income security commissions and trading income is generated primarily from securities brokerage services provided by northern trust securities, inc., and totaled $81.4 million in 2016, up 3%, or $2.7 million, from $78.7 million in 2015, primarily due to growth from the acquisition of aviate global llp, which closed during the second quarter of 2016, partially offset by lower income from interest rate protection products sold to clients.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 37
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other operating income the components of other operating income include:
table 11: other operating income for the year ended december 31,                                change
($ in millions)                     2016              2015              2014         2016 / 2015        2015 / 2014
loan service fees                  $56.6             $59.1             $62.7                  (4   )%            (6   )%
banking service fees                50.6              48.2              49.6                   5                 (3   )
other income                       134.0             139.8              41.2                  (4   )            n/m total other operating income      $241.2            $247.1            $153.5                  (2   )%            61   %
other income in the current-year second quarter included the gain on sale of 1.1 million visa class b common shares, net of the valuation adjustment to existing swap agreements, totaling $118.2 million, offset by impairment charges and the loss on sale related to a non-strategic loan and lease portfolio of $18.9 million. other income in the prior-year second quarter includes a $99.9 million net gain on the sale of 1.0 million visa class b common shares held by northern trust. excluding these items, other income totaled $34.7 million in 2016 and $39.9 million in 2015, down $5.2 million or 13%, primarily due to net charges associated with a non-strategic loan and lease portfolio.
investment security losses, net net investment security losses totaled $3.2 million and $0.3 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. losses in 2016 include $3.7 million of charges related to the other-than-temporary impairment (otti) of certain community reinvestment act (cra) eligible held-to-maturity securities. there were no otti losses in 2015.
noninterest income - 2015 compared with 2014
trust, investment and other servicing fees were $2.98 billion in 2015, up 5% from $2.83 billion in 2014, primarily attributable to new business, favorable equity markets and lower money market mutual fund fee waivers, partially offset by the unfavorable impacts of movements in foreign exchange rates. foreign exchange trading income increased 25% to $261.8 million in 2015 from $210.1 million in 2014, resulting from higher currency market volatility as compared to 2014.
other operating income totaled $247.1 million in 2015, an increase of 61% from $153.5 million in 2014. other operating income in 2015 includes a $99.9 million net gain on the sale of 1.0 million visa class b common shares held by northern trust. excluding the gain, other operating income in 2015 decreased 4% from 2014, primarily due to net charges associated with a non-strategic loan and lease portfolio.
net investment security losses totaled $0.3 million and $4.3 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. there were no otti losses in 2015. losses in 2014 include $4.2 million of charges related to the otti of certain cra eligible held-to-maturity securities.
net interest income net interest income stated on an fte basis is a non-generally-accepted-accounting-principle (gaap) financial measure that facilitates the analysis of asset yields. management believes an fte presentation provides a clearer indication of net interest margins for comparative purposes. when adjusted to an fte basis, yields on taxable, nontaxable, and partially taxable assets are comparable; however, the adjustment to an fte basis has no impact on net income. a reconciliation of net interest income on a gaap basis to net interest income on an fte basis is provided on page 88.
38 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations an analysis of net interest income on an fte basis, major balance sheet components impacting net interest income and related ratios are provided below.
table 12: analysis of net interest income (fte)
for the year ended december 31,                                      change
($ in millions)                               2016                  2015                2014         2016 / 2015           2015 / 2014
interest income - gaap                    $1,416.9              $1,224.0            $1,186.9                  16   %                 3   %
fte adjustment                                25.1                  25.3                29.4                  (1   )               (14   )
interest income - fte                      1,442.0               1,249.3             1,216.3                  15   3
interest expense                             182.0                 153.9               181.4                  18                   (15   )
net interest income - fte adjusted         1,260.0               1,095.4             1,034.9                  15   6
net interest income - gaap                 1,234.9               1,070.1             1,005.5                  15   6
average balance earning assets                          $107,037.6            $102,249.8           $95,947.5                   5   %                 7   %
interest-related funds                    76,886.0              74,252.7            73,167.2                   4   1
net noninterest-related funds             30,151.6              27,997.1            22,780.3                   8   23
change in percentage average rate earning assets                                1.35     %            1.22     %          1.27     %          0.13                 (0.05   )
interest-related funds                        0.24                  0.21                0.25                0.03                 (0.04   )
interest rate spread                          1.11                  1.01                1.02                0.10                 (0.01   )
total source of funds                         0.17                  0.15                0.19                0.02                 (0.04   )
net interest margin - gaap                    1.15     %            1.05     %          1.05     %          0.10                     -
net interest margin - fte                     1.18     %            1.07     %          1.08     %          0.11                 (0.01   )
refer to pages 166 and 167 for additional analysis of net interest income.
net interest income is defined as the total of interest income and amortized fees on earning assets, less interest expense on deposits and borrowed funds, adjusted for the impact of interest-related hedging activity. earning assets - including federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell, interest-bearing due from banks and interest-bearing deposits with banks, federal reserve and other central bank deposits, securities, and loans and leases - are financed by a large base of interest-bearing funds that include client deposits, short-term borrowings, senior notes and long-term debt. earning assets also are funded by net noninterest-related funds, which include demand deposits, and stockholders' equity, reduced by nonearning assets such as noninterest-bearing cash and due from banks, items in process of collection, and buildings and equipment. net interest income is subject to variations in the level and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing funds and their relative sensitivity to interest rates. in addition, the levels of nonperforming assets and client compensating deposit balances used to pay for services impact net interest income.
net interest income in 2016 was $1.23 billion, up $164.8 million, or 15%, from $1.07 billion in 2015. net interest income on an fte basis for 2016 was $1.26 billion, an increase of $164.6 million, or 15%, from $1.10 billion in 2015, reflecting higher levels of earning assets and an increased net interest margin. average earning assets increased $4.8 billion, or 5%, to $107.0 billion from $102.2 billion in 2015, reflecting higher levels of securities and loans and leases. the net interest margin in 2016 was 1.15%, up from 1.05% in 2015. the net interest margin on an fte basis in 2016 was 1.18%, up from 1.07% in 2015. the current-year and prior-year net interest margins reflect the impact of a $2.7 million and a $17.8 million impairment of the residual value of certain assets under leveraged lease agreements, respectively. excluding the impairments, net interest margin on an fte basis was 1.18% and 1.09% in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
growth in average earning assets primarily reflected increased securities and loans and leases, partially offset by a decrease in interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks. securities, inclusive of federal reserve and federal home loan bank stock and certain community development investments which are classified in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, averaged $42.0 billion, an increase of $4.6 billion, or 12%, from $37.4 billion in 2015. loans and leases averaged $34.0 billion, an increase of $1.0 billion, or 3%, from $33.0 billion in 2015. interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks averaged $8.7 billion in 2016, down $2.0 billion, or 18%, from $10.7 billion in 2015.
the increase in average earning assets was primarily funded by higher levels of demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits, short-term borrowings, and interest-bearing deposits. average demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 39
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations increased $1.7 billion, or 7%, to $26.2 billion in 2016 from $24.5 billion in 2015. average short-term borrowings increased $1.5 billion, or 33%, to $6.3 billion in 2016 from $4.8 billion in 2015. non-u.s.-office interest-bearing client deposits averaged $50.8 billion in 2016, up $1.4 billion, or 3%, from $49.4 billion in 2015.
stockholders' equity averaged $9.1 billion in 2016, compared with $8.6 billion in 2015. the increase of $460.8 million, or 5%, primarily reflected current-year earnings and the issuance of our series d preferred stock, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock pursuant to the corporation's share repurchase program and dividend declarations. during the year ended december 31, 2016, the corporation increased its quarterly common stock dividend by 6% to $0.38 per share and repurchased 6.1 million shares, returning $754.7 million in capital to common stockholders, compared to $829.9 million in 2015.
under the corporation's 2016 capital plan, which was reviewed without objection by the federal reserve, the corporation may repurchase up to $145.0 million of common stock after december 31, 2016, through june 2017.
for additional analysis of average balances and interest rate changes affecting net interest income, refer to the average balance sheets with analysis of net interest income included in "supplemental item - selected statistical and supplemental financial data."
net interest income - 2015 compared with 2014
net interest income on an fte basis increased 6% to $1.10 billion in 2015 from $1.03 billion in 2014, primarily attributable to higher levels of average earning assets, partially offset by a decline in the net interest margin. the net interest margin on an fte basis in 2015 was 1.07%, down from 1.08% in 2014. the net interest margin on an fte basis in 2015 reflects the impact of a $17.8 million impairment of the residual value of certain assets under leveraged lease agreements. excluding the impairment, the net interest margin on an fte basis was 1.09% in 2015.
average earning assets increased $6.3 billion, or 7%, to $102.2 billion in 2015 from $95.9 billion in 2014. growth in average earning assets primarily reflected a $4.0 billion, or 12% increase in securities, and a $2.8 billion, or 9% increase in loans and leases.
stockholders' equity averaged $8.6 billion and $8.2 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in 2015 reflected the retention of earnings, partially offset by dividend declarations and the repurchase of common stock pursuant to the corporation's share repurchase program. on august 5, 2014, the corporation issued 16,000 shares of series c preferred stock for proceeds of $388.5 million, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and other issuance costs.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses was a credit of $26.0 million in 2016 compared with a credit provision of $43.0 million in 2015, and a provision of $6.0 million in 2014. the current-year provision primarily reflected improved credit quality across the portfolio and an update to the underlying data used in the quantitative portion of the inherent allowance for credit losses that resulted in a reduction in the allowance ascribed to the residential real estate and private client portfolios. nonperforming assets at december 31, 2016 decreased 12% from the prior year-end. residential real estate and commercial loans accounted for 72% and 21%, respectively, of nonperforming loans and leases at december 31, 2016. for further discussion of the allowance and provision for credit losses for 2016, 2015, and 2014, refer to the "asset quality" section.
noninterest expense noninterest expense for 2016 totaled $3.47 billion, up $190.1 million, or 6%, from $3.28 billion in 2015. the current-year second quarter noninterest expense included charges relating to certain securities lending litigation of $46.5 million, contractual modifications associated with certain existing asset servicing clients of $18.6 million, and severance and other personnel related charges of $17.5 million. the prior-year second quarter included a $45.8 million charge related to voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar nav funds. excluding the charges, noninterest expense increased $153.3 million, or 5%, primarily attributable to increased compensation, outside services, and equipment and software expense, partially offset by the favorable impact of movements in foreign exchange rates.
40 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the components of noninterest expense and a discussion of significant changes during 2016 and 2015 are provided below.
table 13: noninterest expense for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                    2016                2015                2014         2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
compensation                   $1,541.1            $1,443.3            $1,417.9                   7   %             2   %
employee benefits                 293.3               285.3               268.7                   3                 6
outside services                  627.1               595.7               574.6                   5                 4
equipment and software            467.4               454.8               421.4                   3                 8
occupancy                         177.4               173.5               180.3                   2                (4   )
other operating expense           364.4               328.0               272.1                  11                21
total noninterest expense      $3,470.7            $3,280.6            $3,135.0                   6   %             5   %
compensation compensation expense, the largest component of noninterest expense, totaled $1.54 billion and $1.44 billion in 2016 and 2015, respectively, an increase of $97.8 million, or 7%. the current-year second quarter compensation expense included severance and related charges totaling $13.0 million. excluding these charges, compensation expense increased $84.8 million, or 6%, primarily reflecting higher salary expense and performance-based incentive compensation. the increase in salary expense was driven by staff growth and base-pay adjustments, partially offset by the favorable impact of movements in foreign exchange rates. staff on a full-time equivalent basis totaled approximately 17,100 at december 31, 2016, up 6% from approximately 16,200 at december 31, 2015.
employee benefits employee benefits expense totaled $293.3 million in 2016, up $8.0 million, or 3%, from $285.3 million in 2015. the current-year second quarter employee benefits expense included $1.5 million of severance and related charges. excluding these charges, employee benefits expense increased $6.5 million, or 2%, attributable to higher medical expense and payroll taxes, partially offset by a decrease in retirement-related expense.
outside services outside services expense totaled $627.1 million in 2016, up $31.4 million, or 5%, from $595.7 million in 2015. current-year second quarter outside services expense included $0.7 million of severance and related charges. excluding these charges, outside services expense increased $30.7 million, or 5%, primarily reflecting increased technical services and consulting services, partially offset by a reduction in third-party advisory fees.
equipment and software equipment and software expense, comprised of depreciation and amortization, rental, and maintenance costs, increased $12.6 million, or 3%, to $467.4 million in 2016 compared to $454.8 million in 2015, reflecting increased software amortization, partially offset by a decrease in software dispositions.
occupancy occupancy expense totaled $177.4 million in 2016, up $3.9 million, or 2%, from $173.5 million in 2015, primarily related to an early termination penalty recorded in 2016 and higher rent expense.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 41
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other operating expense other operating expense in 2016 totaled $364.4 million, up $36.4 million, or 11%, from $328.0 million in 2015. the components of other operating expense are as follows:
table 14: other operating expense for the year ended december 31,                               change
($ in millions)                       2016              2015              2014         2016 / 2015        2015 / 2014
business promotion                   $83.6             $85.1             $79.7                  (2   )%             7   %
fdic insurance premiums               31.7              25.2              22.0                  26                 14
staff related                         43.0              40.5              39.1                   6                  4
other intangibles amortization         8.8              10.9              19.5                 (19    )           (44   )
other expenses                       197.3             166.3             111.8                  19                 49
total other operating expense       $364.4            $328.0            $272.1                  11    %            21   %
the current-year second quarter other operating expense included charges relating to certain securities lending litigation of $46.5 million, contractual modifications associated with certain existing asset servicing clients of $18.6 million, and severance and other personnel related charges of $2.3 million. the prior-year second quarter included a $45.8 million charge related to voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar nav funds. excluding the charges, other operating expense increased $14.8 million, or 5%, primarily attributable to increases in fdic deposit protection expense and other miscellaneous expense categories.
noninterest expense - 2015 compared with 2014
noninterest expense in 2015 totaled $3.28 billion, up 5% from $3.14 billion in 2014. results for 2015 included a $45.8 million charge related to voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar nav funds, while 2014 included $47.5 million of charges and write-offs.
compensation expense increased 2% to $1.44 billion in 2015 from $1.42 billion in 2014. results for 2014 include severance-related charges totaling $29.4 million. excluding these charges, compensation expense increased $54.8 million, or 4%, reflecting staff growth and base pay adjustments.
employee benefits expense totaled $285.3 million in 2015, up 6% from $268.7 million in 2014. results for 2014 included $2.7 million of severance-related charges. excluding these charges, employee benefits expense increased $19.3 million, or 7%, attributable to higher pension and employee medical expense.
outside services expense totaled $595.7 million in 2015, up 4% from $574.6 million in 2014. outside services expense in 2014 included $1.6 million of severance-related charges. excluding these charges, outside services expense increased $22.7 million, or 4%, primarily reflecting higher consulting expense due to regulatory related spend and increased technical services expense.
equipment and software expense increased 8% to $454.8 million in 2015 compared to $421.4 million in 2014. results for 2014 include $9.5 million of write-offs of replaced or eliminated software. excluding these write-offs, equipment and software expense increased $42.9 million, or 10%, reflecting increased software amortization and related software support costs.
occupancy expense for 2015 was $173.5 million, down 4% from $180.3 million in 2014. occupancy expense in 2014 included charges totaling $4.3 million in connection with reductions in office space. excluding these charges, occupancy expense decreased 1% compared to 2014.
other operating expense totaled $328.0 million in 2015, up 21% from $272.1 million in 2014. other operating expense in 2015 includes a charge related to voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar nav funds totaling $45.8 million to bring the navs of these funds to $1.00.
provision for income taxes provisions for income tax and effective tax rates are impacted by levels of pre-tax income, tax rates, and the impact of certain non-u.s. subsidiaries whose earnings are reinvested indefinitely outside the united states, as well as nonrecurring items such as the resolution of tax matters. the 2016 provision for income taxes was $484.6 million, representing an effective rate of 31.9%. this compares with a provision for income taxes of $491.2 million and an effective rate of 33.5% in 2015. the current year includes a $12.3 million income tax benefit attributed to the corporation adopting asu 2016-09, an increase in federal tax-exempt income and change in the earnings mix in tax jurisdictions in which the corporation operates, each of which resulted in a reduction of the effective tax rate.
the income tax provisions for 2016 and 2015 reflect reductions totaling $50.1 million and $43.6 million, respectively, related to certain non-u.s. subsidiaries whose earnings are being reinvested indefinitely outside of the united states. the
42 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2014 income tax provision of $378.4 million represented an effective tax rate of 31.8%, and reflects reductions of $43.0 million related to non-u.s. subsidiaries whose earnings are being reinvested indefinitely outside the united states.
reporting segments and related information northern trust is organized around its two client-focused reporting segments: c&is and wealth management. asset management and related services are provided to c&is and wealth management clients primarily by the asset management business. the revenue and expenses of asset management and certain other support functions are allocated fully to c&is and wealth management. income and expense associated with the corporation's and the bank's wholesale funding activities and investment portfolios, as well as certain corporate-based expense, executive level compensation and nonrecurring items are not allocated to c&is and wealth management, and are reported in northern trust's third reporting segment, treasury and other, in the following pages.
c&is and wealth management results are presented to promote a greater understanding of their financial performance. the information, presented on an internal management-reporting basis, is derived from internal accounting systems that support northern trust's strategic objectives and management structure. management has developed accounting systems to allocate revenue and expense related to each segment. these systems incorporate processes for allocating assets, liabilities and equity, and the applicable interest income and expense. equity is allocated to the reporting segments based on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, risk, regulatory considerations, and internal metrics. allocations of capital and certain corporate expense may not be representative of levels that would be required if the segments were independent entities. the accounting policies used for management reporting are consistent with those described in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." transfers of income and expense items are recorded at cost; there is no consolidated profit or loss on sales or transfers between reporting segments. northern trust's presentations are not necessarily consistent with similar information for other financial institutions.
table 15: consolidated financial information for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                       2016                  2015                  2014         2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees        $3,108.1              $2,980.5              $2,832.8                   4   %             5   %
foreign exchange trading income                      236.6                 261.8                 210.1                 (10   )            25
other noninterest income                             382.2                 390.2                 282.8                  (2   )            38
net interest income (note)                         1,260.0               1,095.4               1,034.9                  15                 6
revenue (note)                                     4,986.9               4,727.9               4,360.6                   5                 8
provision for credit losses                          (26.0     )           (43.0     )             6.0                 (40   )           n/m noninterest expense                                3,470.7               3,280.6               3,135.0                   6                 5
income before income taxes (note)                  1,542.2               1,490.3               1,219.6                   3                22
provision for income taxes (note)                    509.7                 516.5                 407.8                  (1   )            27
net income                                        $1,032.5                $973.8                $811.8                   6   %            20   %
average assets                                  $115,570.3            $110,715.1            $104,083.5                   4   %             6   %
note: stated on an fte basis. the consolidated figures include $25.1 million, $25.3 million, and $29.4 million of fte adjustments for 2016, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
corporate & institutional services c&is is a leading global provider of asset servicing and related services to corporate and public retirement funds, foundations, endowments, fund managers, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors around the globe. asset servicing and related services encompass a full range of capabilities including but not limited to: global custody; fund administration; investment operations outsourcing; investment management; investment risk and analytical services; employee benefit services; securities lending; foreign exchange; treasury management; brokerage services; transition management services; banking and cash management. client relationships are managed through the bank and the bank's and the corporation's other subsidiaries, including support from locations in north america, europe, the middle east, and the asia-pacific region.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 43
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table summarizes the results of operations of c&is for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 on a management-reporting basis.
table 16: c&is results of operations for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                     2016                2015                2014         2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees      $1,787.8            $1,696.9            $1,584.0                   5   %             7   %
foreign exchange trading income                    224.4               249.4               200.4                 (10   )            24
other noninterest income                           147.0               170.5               177.9                 (14   )            (4   )
net interest income (note)                         565.0               414.4               310.0                  36                34
revenue (note)                                   2,724.2             2,531.2             2,272.3                   8                11
provision for credit losses                          1.9               (22.6     )           5.8                 n/m               n/m noninterest expense                              2,012.2             1,856.4             1,732.8                   8                 7
income before income taxes (note)                  710.1               697.4               533.7                   2                31
provision for income taxes (note)                  212.9               212.8               149.4                   -                42
net income                                        $497.2              $484.6              $384.3                   3   %            26   %
percentage of consolidated net income                 48     %            50     %            47     %
average assets                                 $76,194.7           $73,598.4           $59,462.9                   4   %            24   %
note: stated on an fte basis.
the 3% increase in c&is net income in 2016 primarily resulted from higher net interest income and trust, investment and other servicing fees, partially offset by higher noninterest expense and provision for credit losses and lower foreign exchange trading income and other noninterest income. the 26% increase in c&is net income in 2015 primarily resulted from higher trust, investment and other servicing fees, net interest income, foreign exchange trading income and lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.
c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees are primarily attributable to services related to custody, fund administration, investment management, and securities lending. custody and fund administration fees are driven primarily by values of client assets under custody/administration, transaction volumes, and number of accounts. the asset values used to calculate these fees vary depending on the individual fee arrangements negotiated with each client. custody fees related to asset values are client specific and are priced based on quarter-end or month-end values, values at the beginning of each quarter or average values for a month or quarter. the fund administration fees that are asset-value-related are priced using month-end, quarter-end, or average daily balances. investment management fees, which are based generally on client assets under management, are based primarily on market values throughout a period.
securities lending revenue is affected by market values; the demand for securities to be lent, which drives volumes; and the interest rate spread earned on the investment of cash deposited by investment firms as collateral for securities they have borrowed. the other services fee category in c&is includes such products as investment risk and analytical services, benefit payments, and other services. revenue from these products is based generally on the volume of services provided or a fixed fee.
provided below are the components of c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees.
table 17: c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                           2016                2015                2014         2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
custody and fund administration                       $1,182.2            $1,150.8            $1,069.9                   3   %             8   %
investment management                                    371.8               325.2               305.7                  14                 6
securities lending                                        97.7                90.5                96.5                   8                (6   )
other                                                    136.1               130.4               111.9                   4                17
total trust, investment and other servicing fees      $1,787.8            $1,696.9            $1,584.0                   5   %             7   %
44 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2016 c&is trust, investment, and other servicing fees n   66% custody and fund administration n             21% investment management n                     8% other services n                 5% securities lending custody and fund administration fees, the largest component of trust, investment and other servicing fees, increased $31.4 million, or 3%, primarily reflecting new business, partially offset by lower equity markets and the unfavorable impact of movements in foreign exchange rates. fees from investment management increased $46.6 million, or 14%, primarily due to lower money market mutual fund fee waivers. money market mutual fund fee waivers in c&is totaled $1.9 million and $48.8 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. securities lending revenue increased 8% due to higher spreads. c&is other trust, investment and servicing fees increased $5.7 million, or 4%, primarily due to new business related to investment risk and analytical services and increased other ancillary services. c&is trust, investment, and other servicing fees totaled $1.70 billion in 2015, an increase of $112.9 million or 7%, from $1.58 billion in 2014, primarily due to increases in custody and fund administration fees driven by new business and the favorable equity markets, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of movements in foreign exchange rates.
provided below is a breakdown of the c&is assets under custody and under management.
table 18: c&is assets under custody december 31,                              change
($ in billions)                          2016              2015              2014       2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
north america                        $3,334.5          $2,999.0          $2,920.3                11   %             3   %
europe, middle east, and africa       2,152.2           1,971.1           1,939.3                 9                 2
asia pacific                            578.4             492.0             477.3                18                 3
securities lending                      111.8             103.7             116.2                 8               (11   )
total assets under custody           $6,176.9          $5,565.8          $5,453.1                11   %             2   %
2016 c&is assets under custody n                     54% north america n   35% europe, middle east, and africa n                       9% asia pacific n                 2% securities lending
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 45
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 19: c&is assets under management december 31,                               change
($ in billions)                        2016            2015            2014       2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
north america                        $450.2          $410.4          $415.5                10   %            (1   )%
europe, middle east, and africa        98.8           102.0           115.6                (3   )           (12   )
asia pacific                           33.2            31.9            62.3                 4               (49   )
securities lending                    111.8           103.7           116.2                 8               (11   )
total assets under management        $694.0          $648.0          $709.6                 7   %            (9   )%
2016 c&is assets under management n                     65% north america n   14% europe, middle east, and africa n                       5% asia pacific n                16% securities lending
2016 c&is assets under management by investment type n                  52% equities n   13% fixed income securities n     19% cash and other assets n        16% securities lending c&is assets under custody were $6.18 trillion at december 31, 2016, 11% higher than $5.57 trillion at december 31, 2015. assets under management increased 7% to $694.0 billion at december 31, 2016, from $648.0 billion at december 31, 2015. cash and other assets deposited by investment firms as collateral for securities borrowed from custody clients are managed by northern trust and are included in assets under custody and under management. this securities lending collateral totaled $111.8 billion and $103.7 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
c&is foreign exchange trading income foreign exchange trading income totaled $224.4 million in 2016, a $25.0 million, or 10%, decrease from $249.4 million in 2015. the decrease is attributable to lower client volumes in the current year. foreign exchange trading income in 2015 of $249.4 million increased $49.0 million, or 24%, from $200.4 million in 2014, due to higher currency market volatility and trading volumes as compared to 2014.
c&is other noninterest income other noninterest income for 2016 totaled $147.0 million, down $23.5 million, or 14%, from $170.5 million in 2015, primarily due to impairment charges and loss on sales related to the decision to exit a portion of a non-strategic loans and leases portfolio. other noninterest income in 2015 of $170.5 million decreased $7.4 million, or 4%, from $177.9 million in
46 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
2014, due to decreases within various categories of other operating income, partially offset by higher security commissions and trading income.
c&is net interest income net interest income on an fte basis increased $150.6 million, or 36%, in 2016 to $565.0 million from $414.4 million in 2015, primarily attributable to an increase in the net interest margin and average earning assets. net interest margin on an fte basis increased to 0.81% from 0.62%, primarily reflecting higher yields on earning assets. additionally, the current-year second quarter included a charge of $2.7 million related to the residual value of certain aircraft and rail cars. the prior-year second quarter included a charge of $17.8 million related to the residual value of certain aircraft under leveraged lease agreements. average earning assets totaled $69.7 billion, an increase of $2.7 billion, or 4%, from $67.0 billion in the prior year. the earning assets in c&is consisted primarily of intercompany assets and loans and leases. funding sources were primarily comprised of non-u.s. custody-related interest-bearing deposits, which averaged $46.6 billion in 2015, up from $46.0 billion in 2015. net interest income on an fte basis increased $104.4 million or 34%, in 2015 to $414.4 million from $310.0 million in 2014, due to an increase in the net interest margin and average earning assets. the presentation of average assets for 2015 was changed to reflect a modification to the methodology by which assets are allocated among our reporting segments. for c&is, this change in presentation resulted in an increase to average assets and a reduction to the net interest margin in 2015.
c&is provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses was $1.9 million for 2016, compared to a provision credit of $22.6 million in 2015, and a provision of $5.8 million in 2014. the 2016 provision reflected an increase to a specific reserve in the commercial portfolio that was charged-off during the current year, partially offset by increased credit quality across the portfolio. the 2015 provision primarily reflected improved credit quality across the portfolio coupled with the adoption of a change in estimation methodology for inherent losses. the provision for credit losses in 2014 primarily reflected allowances established as a result of higher commercial and institutional loan volumes, partially offset by continued improvement in the credit quality of commercial and institutional loans.
c&is noninterest expense total c&is noninterest expense, which includes the direct expense of the reporting segment, indirect expense allocations for product and operating support, and indirect expense allocations for certain corporate support services, totaled $2.01 billion in 2016, an increase of $155.8 million, or 8%, from $1.86 billion in 2015. the increase was primarily due to higher indirect expense allocations, other operating expenses and compensation expense in the current year. noninterest expense in the current-year second quarter included a charge in connection with an agreement to settle certain securities lending litigation of $46.5 million, charges related to contractual modifications associated with existing c&is clients of $18.6 million, and severance and related charges of $7.4 million. in the current-year third quarter, there was a $3.5 million charge to settle securities litigation that had not been part of the second quarter settlement. noninterest expense for 2015 increased $123.6 million, or 7%, from $1.73 billion in 2014. the increase was due to higher indirect expense allocations, primarily attributable to $36.6 million of the charge related to voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar nav funds allocated to c&is, as well as higher outside services and compensation expense in 2015.
wealth management wealth management focuses on high-net-worth individuals and families, business owners, executives, professionals, retirees, and established privately-held businesses in its target markets. the business also includes the global family office, which provides customized services to meet the complex financial needs of individuals and family offices in the united states and throughout the world with assets typically exceeding $200 million. in supporting these targeted segments, wealth management provides trust, investment management, custody, and philanthropic services; financial consulting; guardianship and estate administration; family business consulting; family financial education; brokerage services; and private and business banking. wealth management is one of the largest providers of advisory services in the united states with $543.6 billion of assets under custody and $248.4 billion of assets under management at december 31, 2016. wealth management services are delivered by multidisciplinary teams through a network of offices in 18 u.s. states and washington, d.c., as well as offices in london, guernsey, and abu dhabi.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 47
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table summarizes the results of operations of wealth management for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 on a management-reporting basis.
table 20: wealth management results of operations for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                     2016                2015                2014         2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees      $1,320.3            $1,283.6            $1,248.8                   3   %             3   %
foreign exchange trading income                      8.6                12.4                 9.7                 (32   )            28
other noninterest income                           105.7               111.8                98.3                  (6   )            14
net interest income (note)                         651.4               568.1               536.1                  15                 6
revenue (note)                                   2,086.0             1,975.9             1,892.9                   6                 4
provision for credit losses                        (27.9     )         (20.4     )           0.2                  38               n/m noninterest expense                              1,315.3             1,291.9             1,268.7                   2                 2
income before income taxes (note)                  798.6               704.4               624.0                  13                13
provision for income taxes (note)                  301.1               264.7               234.8                  14                13
net income                                        $497.5              $439.7              $389.2                  13   %            13   %
percentage of consolidated net income                 48     %            45     %            48     %
average assets                                 $26,525.0           $25,048.7           $23,629.3                   6   %             6   %
note: stated on an fte basis.
wealth management net income increased 13% in 2016, primarily reflecting higher net interest income and trust, investment and other servicing fees, partially offset by a higher provision for income taxes and higher noninterest expense. the 13% increase in wealth management net income in 2015 from 2014 is primarily attributable to higher trust, investment and other servicing fees, net interest income and lower provision for credit losses, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.
48 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees provided below is a summary of wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees and assets under custody and under management.
table 21: wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees for the year ended december 31,                              change
($ in millions)                                           2016                2015                2014         2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
central                                                 $523.8              $514.3              $509.1                   2   %             1   %
east                                                     334.4               332.7               325.3                   1                 2
west                                                     268.9               267.7               262.5                   -                 2
global family office                                     193.2               168.9               151.9                  14                11
total trust, investment and other servicing fees      $1,320.3            $1,283.6            $1,248.8                   3   %             3   %
2016 wealth management fees n                40% central n                   25% east n                   20% west n   15% global family office table 22: wealth management assets under custody december 31,                               change
($ in billions)                   2016            2015            2014       2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
global family office            $347.7          $321.4          $324.0                 8   %            (1   )%
central                           83.8            79.5            85.7                 5                (7   )
east                              61.7            58.5            58.5                 6                 -
west                              50.4            46.9            47.5                 7                (1   )
total assets under custody      $543.6          $506.3          $515.7                 7   %            (2   )%
2016 wealth management assets under custody n   64% global family office n                16% central n                   11% east n                    9% west
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 49
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 23: wealth management assets under management december 31,                               change
($ in billions)                      2016            2015            2014       2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
central                             $89.7           $81.8           $83.4                10   %            (2   )%
global family office                 69.3            61.9            57.0                12                 9
east                                 50.9            47.4            47.4                 7                 -
west                                 38.5            36.2            36.7                 6                (1   )
total assets under management      $248.4          $227.3          $224.5                 9   %             1   %
2016 wealth management assets under management n                36% central n   28% global family office n                   20% east n                   16% west
2016 wealth management assets under management by investment type n                  47% equities n   28% fixed income securities n     25% cash and other assets the wealth management regions shown above are comprised of the following: central includes illinois, michigan, minnesota, missouri, ohio and wisconsin; east includes connecticut, delaware, florida, georgia, massachusetts, new york and washington, d.c.; west includes arizona, california, colorado, nevada, texas and washington. global family office provides specialized asset management, investment consulting, global custody, fiduciary, and private banking services to ultra-wealthy domestic and international clients.
wealth management fee income is calculated primarily based on market values. wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees were $1.32 billion in 2016, up $36.7 million, or 3%, from $1.28 billion in 2015, which in turn was up $34.8 million, or 3%, from $1.25 billion in 2014. the results in 2016 benefited from lower money market mutual fund fee waivers. wealth management money market mutual fund fee waivers totaled $6.2 million and $60.4 million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. the 3% increase in trust, investment and other servicing fees in 2015 compared to 2014 was attributable to new business, higher equity markets and lower money market mutual fund fee waivers.
at december 31, 2016, assets under custody in wealth management were $543.6 billion compared with $506.3 billion at december 31, 2015. assets under management were $248.4 billion at december 31, 2016 compared to $227.3 billion at the previous year end.
50 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations wealth management foreign exchange trading income foreign exchange trading income totaled $8.6 million in 2016, a $3.8 million, or 32%, decrease from $12.4 million in 2015. the decrease is attributable to lower client volumes in the current year. foreign exchange trading income in 2015 increased $2.7 million, or 28%, as compared to 2014, primarily reflecting increased client activity.
wealth management other noninterest income other noninterest income for 2016 totaled $105.7 million, a decrease of $6.1 million, or 6%, from $111.8 million in 2015, primarily reflecting lower security commissions and trading income. other noninterest income in 2015 increased $13.5 million, or 14%, as compared to 2014, primarily reflecting higher security commissions and trading income and increases within various categories of other operating income.
wealth management net interest income net interest income on an fte basis was $651.4 million for 2016, up $83.3 million, or 15%, from $568.1 million in 2015, primarily attributable to an increase in the net interest margin and average earning assets. net interest margin on an fte basis increased to 2.48% from 2.29%, primarily reflecting higher yields on earning assets. average earning assets totaled $26.3 billion in the current year, a 6% increase from $24.8 billion in the prior year. net interest income on an fte basis in 2015 increased $32.0 million, or 6%, from 2014 and the net interest margin on an fte basis in 2015 of 2.29% was down from the 2014 margin of 2.32%. the lower net interest margin in 2015 as compared to 2014 was attributable to lower yields on earning assets, partially offset by lower cost of interest-related funds. earning assets and funding sources in 2016, 2015, and 2014 were primarily comprised of loans and domestic interest-bearing deposits.
wealth management provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses was a credit of $27.9 million for 2016, compared to a provision credit of $20.4 million in 2015, and a provision of $0.2 million in 2014. the 2016 provision primarily reflected improved credit quality in the underlying data used in the quantitative portion of the inherent allowance for credit losses that resulted in a reduction in the allowance ascribed to the residential real estate and private client portfolios. the 2015 provision primarily reflected improved credit quality of commercial real estate and residential real estate loan classes coupled with the adoption of a change in estimation methodology for inherent losses. the 2014 provision reflected improvement in the credit quality of the commercial and institutional and commercial real estate loan classes.
wealth management noninterest expense total noninterest expense, which includes the direct expense of the reporting segment, indirect expense allocations for product and operating support, and indirect expense allocations for certain corporate support services, totaled $1.32 billion in 2016, an increase of $23.4 million, or 2%, from $1.29 billion in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to higher compensation expense and indirect expense allocations in the current year. noninterest expense for 2015 increased $23.2 million, or 2%, from $1.27 billion in 2014. the prior-year increase was due to higher indirect allocations, primarily attributable to $9.2 million of the charge related to voluntary cash contributions to certain constant dollar nav funds allocated to wealth management, as well as increased employee benefits expense, partially offset by lower expense for outside services.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 51
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations treasury and other treasury and other includes income and expense associated with the wholesale funding activities and the investment portfolios of the corporation and the bank. treasury and other also includes certain corporate-based expense, executive level compensation and nonrecurring items not allocated to the reporting segments.
the following table summarizes the results of operations of treasury and other for the years ended december 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014 on a management-reporting basis.
table 24: treasury and other results of operations for the year ended december 31,                                change
($ in millions)                                2016                2015                2014         2016 / 2015        2015 / 2014
noninterest income                           $133.1              $107.9                $6.6                  23    %           n/m net interest income (note)                     43.6               112.9               188.8                 (61    )           (40   )
revenue (note)                                176.7               220.8               195.4                 (20    )            13
noninterest expense                           143.2               132.3               133.5                   8                 (1   )
income before income taxes (note)              33.5                88.5                61.9                 (62    )            43
provision for income taxes (note)              (4.3     )          39.0                23.6                 n/m                 65
net income                                    $37.8               $49.5               $38.3                 (24   )%            29   %
percentage of consolidated net income             4     %             5     %             5     %
average assets                            $12,850.6           $12,068.0           $20,991.3                   6    %           (43   )%
note: stated on an fte basis.
treasury and other noninterest income in 2016 was $133.1 million compared to $107.9 million in 2015. the increase primarily reflects an increase in other operating income, a component of other noninterest income. other operating income in 2016 included the gain on sale of 1.1 million visa class b common shares, net of the valuation adjustment to existing swap agreements, totaling $118.2 million. the prior-year included a gain on the sale of 1.0 million visa class b common shares totaling $99.9 million. excluding the gains, treasury and other noninterest income increased slightly compared to 2015. excluding the 2015 gain, noninterest income in 2015 increased slightly as compared to 2014.
treasury and other net interest income on an fte basis in 2016 was $43.6 million, down $69.3 million, or 61%, from $112.9 million in 2015. the decrease reflected a decline in the net interest margin, partially offset by higher levels of earning assets. for the prior-year, the presentation of average assets was changed to reflect a modification to the methodology by which assets are allocated among our reporting segments. for treasury and other, this change in presentation resulted in a decrease to average assets and an increase in the net interest margin. net interest income on an fte basis in 2015 decreased $75.9 million, or 40%, to $112.9 million from $188.8 million in 2014. the decrease reflected lower levels of earning assets, partially offset by an increase in the net interest margin.
treasury and other noninterest expense in 2016 equaled $143.2 million, up $10.9 million, or 8%, from $132.3 million in 2015. the increase is primarily attributable to higher general overhead costs, including compensation and equipment and software expense, partially offset by an increase in indirect expense allocations to c&is and wealth management.
asset management asset management, through the corporation's various subsidiaries, supports the c&is and wealth management reporting segments by providing a broad range of asset management and related services and other products to clients around the world. investment solutions are delivered through separately managed accounts, bank common and collective funds, registered investment companies, exchange traded funds, non-u.s. collective investment funds, and unregistered private investment funds. asset management's capabilities include active, passive and engineered equity; active and passive fixed income; cash management; alternative asset classes (such as private equity and hedge funds of funds); and multi-manager advisory services and products. asset management's activities also include overlay services and other risk management services. asset management operates internationally through subsidiaries and distribution arrangements and its revenue and expense are allocated fully to c&is and wealth management.
52 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations at december 31, 2016, northern trust managed $942.4 billion in assets for personal and institutional clients, including $694.0 billion for c&is clients and $248.4 billion for wealth management clients. the following table presents consolidated assets under management as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 by investment type.
table 25: consolidated assets under management by investment type december 31,                               change
($ in billions)                      2016            2015            2014       2016 / 2015       2015 / 2014
equities                           $480.6          $446.6          $485.7                 8   %            (8   )%
fixed income securities             160.5           147.1           162.2                 9                (9   )
cash and other assets               189.3           177.7           169.9                 7                 5
securities lending collateral       112.0           103.9           116.3                 8               (11   )
total assets under management      $942.4          $875.3          $934.1                 8   %            (6   )%
assets under management increased $67.1 billion, or 8%, from $875.3 billion at year-end 2015. the increase primarily reflected net inflows and the favorable impact of equity markets, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency translation. the following table presents activity in consolidated assets under management by investment type during the year ended december 31, 2016.
table 26: activity in consolidated assets under management by investment type
($ in billions)                                                 2016            2015
balance as of january 1,                                      $875.3          $934.1
inflows by investment type equity                               136.0           116.2
fixed income                          59.3            41.7
cash &amp; other assets              383.4           281.0
securities lending collateral         93.8            28.8
total inflows                                                  672.5           467.7
outflows by investment type equity                              (136.1   )      (143.0   )
fixed income                         (48.0   )       (54.6   )
cash &amp; other assets             (363.6   )      (273.3   )
securities lending collateral        (85.7   )       (41.2   )
total outflows                                                (633.4   )      (512.1   )
net inflows                                                     39.1           (44.4   )
market performance, currency &amp; other market performance &amp; other        32.0               -
currency                              (4.0   )           -
total market performance, currency &amp; other                  28.0           (14.4   )
balance as of december 31,                                    $942.4          $875.3
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 53
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations asset quality securities portfolio the following table presents the book values of northern trust's held to maturity, available for sale, and trading investment securities by type as of december 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
table 27: securities portfolio december 31,
($ in millions)                                           2016              2015              2014
securities held to maturity u.s. government                                          $15.0             $26.0                $-
obligations of states and political subdivisions          63.6              89.2             121.9
government sponsored agency                                7.4               9.9              18.4
other                                                  8,835.1           5,123.2           4,030.5
total securities held to maturity                     $8,921.1          $5,248.3          $4,170.8
securities available for sale u.s. government                                       $7,522.6          $6,178.3          $4,506.9
obligations of states and political subdivisions         885.2              36.4               4.6
government sponsored agency                           17,892.8          16,366.8          16,389.2
asset-backed                                           2,556.7           2,500.1           2,327.7
auction rate                                               4.7              17.1              18.1
other                                                  6,717.8           7,219.2           6,312.0
total securities available for sale                  $35,579.8         $32,317.9         $29,558.5
trading account                                           $0.3              $1.2              $4.7
total securities at year-end                         $44,501.2         $37,567.4         $33,734.0
average total securities                             $42,041.3         $37,407.9         $33,445.9
northern trust maintains a high quality securities portfolio, with 81% of the combined available for sale, held to maturity, and trading account portfolios at december 31, 2016 composed of u.s. treasury and government sponsored agency securities and triple-a rated corporate notes, asset-backed securities, covered bonds, sub-sovereign, supranational, sovereign & non-u.s. agency bonds, commercial mortgage-backed securities and obligations of states and political subdivisions. the remaining portfolio was composed of corporate notes, asset-backed securities, negotiable certificates of deposit, obligations of states and political subdivisions, auction rate securities and other securities, of which as a percentage of the total securities portfolio, 9% were rated double-a, 3% were rated below double-a, and 7% were not rated by standard and poor's or moody's investors service (primarily negotiable certificates of deposits of banks and non-u.s. sovereign securities whose long-term ratings are at least a).
at december 31, 2016, 30% of corporate debt was rated triple-a, 31% was rated double-a, and 39% was rated below double-a. securities classified as "other asset-backed" at december 31, 2016 had average lives of less than 5 years, and 100% were rated triple-a.
unrealized losses within the investment securities portfolio at december 31, 2016 were $176.0 million as compared to $140.5 million at december 31, 2015, primarily reflecting widened credit spreads and higher market rates since purchase; 34% of the corporate debt portfolio is backed by guarantees provided by u.s. and non-u.s. governmental entities. there were $3.7 million and $4.2 million of losses recognized in 2016 and 2014, respectively, in connection with the write-down of cra securities determined to be otti. there were no otti losses recognized in 2015.
securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as collateralized financings and recorded at the amounts at which the securities were acquired or sold plus accrued interest. to minimize any potential credit risk associated with these transactions, the fair value of the securities purchased or sold is monitored, limits are set on exposure with counterparties, and the financial condition of counterparties is regularly assessed. it is northern trust's policy to take possession, either directly or via third-party custodians, of securities purchased under agreements to resell. securities sold under agreements to repurchase are held by the counterparty until the repurchase date.
54 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations loans and leases the following table presents the amounts outstanding of loans and leases by segment and class as of december 31, 2016 and the preceding four year-ends.
table 28: composition of loan portfolio december 31,
($ in millions)                       2016              2015              2014              2013              2012
commercial commercial and institutional      $9,523.0          $9,431.5          $8,381.9          $7,375.8          $7,468.5
commercial real estate             4,002.5           3,848.8           3,333.3           2,955.8           2,859.8
lease financing, net                 293.9             544.4             916.3             975.1           1,035.0
non-u.s.                           1,877.8           1,137.7           1,530.6             954.7           1,192.3
other                                205.1             194.1             191.5             358.6             341.6
total commercial                 $15,902.3         $15,156.5         $14,353.6         $12,620.0         $12,897.2
personal residential real estate           $7,841.9          $8,850.7          $9,782.6         $10,271.3         $10,375.2
private client                    10,052.0           9,136.4           7,466.9           6,445.6           6,130.1
other                                 25.9              37.3              37.1              48.6             102.0
total personal                   $17,919.8         $18,024.4         $17,286.6         $16,765.5         $16,607.3
total loans and leases           $33,822.1         $33,180.9         $31,640.2         $29,385.5         $29,504.5
residential real estate the residential real estate loan portfolio is primarily composed of mortgages and home equity credit lines provided as an accommodation to clients. residential real estate loans totaled $7.8 billion at december 31, 2016, or 25% of total u.s. loans, compared with $8.9 billion, or 28% of total u.s. loans, at december 31, 2015. all residential real estate loans are underwritten utilizing northern trust's credit policies, which do not support the origination of loan types generally considered to be of high risk in nature, such as option arm loans, subprime loans, loans with initial "teaser" rates, and loans with excessively high loan-to-value ratios. residential real estate loans consist of traditional first lien mortgages and equity credit lines that generally require a loan-to-collateral value of no more than 65% to 80% at inception. appraisals of supporting collateral for residential real estate loans are obtained upon refinancing or default or when otherwise considered warranted. residential real estate collateral appraisals are performed and reviewed by independent third parties.
of the total $7.8 billion in residential real estate loans at december 31, 2016, $2.1 billion were in florida, $1.7 billion were in the greater chicago area, and $1.4 billion were in california, with the remainder distributed throughout the other geographic regions within the united states served by northern trust. legally binding commitments to extend residential real estate credit, which are primarily equity credit lines, totaled $1.2 billion and $1.4 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
commercial real estate in managing its credit exposure, management has defined a commercial real estate loan as one where: (1) the borrower's principal business activity is the acquisition or the development of real estate for commercial purposes; (2) the principal collateral is real estate held for commercial purposes, and loan repayment is expected to flow from the operation of the property; or (3) the loan repayment is expected to flow from the sale or refinance of real estate as a normal and ongoing part of the business. unsecured lines of credit to firms or individuals engaged in commercial real estate endeavors are included without regard to the use of loan proceeds. the commercial real estate portfolio consists of commercial mortgages and construction, acquisition and development loans extended primarily to investors well known to northern trust. underwriting standards generally reflect conservative loan-to-value ratios and debt service coverage requirements. recourse to owners through guarantees also is commonly required.
commercial mortgage financing is provided for the acquisition or refinancing of income-producing properties. cash flows from the properties generally are sufficient to amortize the loan. these loans are primarily located in the illinois, florida, california, texas, and arizona markets. construction, acquisition and development loans provide financing for commercial real estate prior to rental income stabilization. the intent is generally that the borrower will sell the project or refinance the loan through a commercial mortgage with northern trust or another financial institution upon completion.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 55
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below provides additional detail regarding commercial real estate loan types:
table 29: commercial real estate loans december 31,
($ in millions)                                          2016               2015
commercial mortgages:
office                                                 $866.1             $830.4
apartment/multi-family                                  784.8              770.1
retail                                                  698.1              683.3
industrial / warehouse                                  359.7              310.5
other                                                   457.6              442.3
total commercial mortgages                            3,166.3            3,036.6
construction, acquisition and development loans         445.0              392.8
single family investment                                179.6              147.4
other commercial real estate related                    211.6              272.0
total commercial real estate loans                   $4,002.5           $3,848.8
at december 31, 2016, legally binding commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit to commercial real estate borrowers totaled $546.1 million and $15.7 million, respectively. at december 31, 2015, legally binding commitments and standby letters of credit totaled $750.9 million and $26.6 million, respectively.
nonperforming assets and 90 days past due loans nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and leases and other real estate owned (oreo). oreo is comprised of commercial and residential properties acquired in partial or total satisfaction of loans. loans that are delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing interest can fluctuate widely at any reporting period based on the timing of cash collections, renegotiations and renewals. the following table presents nonperforming assets and loans that were delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing at december 31, 2016 and each of the prior four year-ends.
table 30: nonperforming assets december 31,
($ in millions)                                                                                   2016            2015            2014            2013            2012
nonperforming loans and leases commercial commercial and institutional                                                                     $33.7           $42.9           $15.0           $23.1           $21.6
commercial real estate                                                                            11.6            16.7            37.1            49.2            56.4
total commercial                                                                                  45.3            59.6            52.1            72.3            78.0
personal residential real estate                                                                         $114.6          $120.1          $162.4          $189.1          $174.6
private client                                                                                     0.3             0.4             1.2             1.4             2.2
total personal                                                                                   114.9           120.5           163.6           190.5           176.8
total nonperforming loans and leases                                                             160.2           180.1           215.7           262.8           254.8
other real estate owned                                                                            5.2             8.2            16.6            11.9            20.3
total nonperforming assets                                                                      $165.4          $188.3          $232.3          $274.7          $275.1
90 day past due loans still accruing                                                             $31.0            $7.1           $22.7           $16.4           $19.0
nonperforming loans and leases to total loans and leases                                          0.47   %        0.54   %        0.68   %        0.89   %        0.86   %
allowance for credit losses assigned to loans and leases to nonperforming loans and leases         1.0   x        1.1x            1.2x            1.1x            1.2x nonperforming assets of $165.4 million as of december 31, 2016, decreased $22.9 million, or 12%, reflecting improved credit quality across the portfolio. changes in the level of nonperforming assets may be indicative of changes in the credit quality of one or more loan classes. changes in credit quality impact the allowance for credit losses through the resultant adjustment of the specific allowance and of the qualitative factors used in the determination of the inherent allowance levels within the allowance for credit losses.
56 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations allowance and provision for credit losses table 31: changes in the allowance for credit losses
($ in millions)                          2016            2015            2014
balance at january 1                   $233.3          $295.9          $307.9
charge-offs                             (27.3   )       (30.7   )       (36.1   )
recoveries                               12.1            11.2            18.1
net charge-offs                         (15.2   )       (19.5   )       (18.0   )
provision for credit losses             (26.0   )       (43.0   )         6.0
effects of foreign exchange rates        (0.1   )        (0.1   )           -
balance at december 31                 $192.0          $233.3          $295.9
the provision for credit losses is the charge to current period earnings that is determined by management, through a disciplined credit review process, to be the amount needed to maintain the allowance for credit losses at an appropriate level to absorb probable credit losses that have been identified with specific borrower relationships (specific loss component) and for probable losses that are believed to be inherent in the loan and lease portfolios, undrawn commitments, and standby letters of credit (inherent loss component).
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 57
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table shows the specific portion of the allowance and the allocated inherent portion of the allowance and its components by loan category at december 31, 2016, and at each of the prior four year-ends.
table 32: allocation of the allowance for credit losses december 31,
2016                                                                                                                                                                          2015                                                     2014                                                     2013                                                     2012
($ in millions)                                                      allowanceamount       percentofloanstototalloans         allowanceamount       percentofloanstototalloans         allowanceamount       percentofloanstototalloans         allowanceamount       percentofloanstototalloans         allowanceamount       percentofloanstototalloans specific allowance                                                              $2.1                                -   %                $3.1                                -   %               $21.1                                -   %               $24.9                                -   %               $32.5                                -   %
allocated inherent allowance commercial commercial and institutional                                                    34.7                               28                    40.4                               28                    73.0                               26                    67.5                               25                    79.2                               25
commercial real estate                                                          69.2                               12                    69.5                               12                    69.4                               10                    71.5                               10                    80.6                               10
lease financing, net                                                             0.4                                1                     1.9                                2                     3.6                                3                     4.2                                3                     5.5                                4
non-u.s.                                                                           -                                5                       -                                3                     3.3                                5                     2.1                                3                     3.4                                4
other                                                                            0.6                                1                       -                                1                       -                                1                       -                                2                       -                                1
total commercial                                                               104.9                               47                   111.8                               46                   149.3                               45                   145.3                               43                   168.7                               44
personal residential real estate                                                         69.0                               23                    96.2                               27                   107.7                               31                   118.7                               35                   110.9                               35
private client                                                                  13.8                               30                    19.7                               27                    17.8                               24                    19.0                               22                    15.5                               21
other                                                                            2.2                                -                     2.5                                -                       -                                -                       -                                -                       -                                -
total personal                                                                  85.0                               53                   118.4                               54                   125.5                               55                   137.7                               57                   126.4                               56
total allocated inherent allowance                                            $189.9                              100   %              $230.2                              100   %              $274.8                              100   %              $283.0                              100   %              $295.1                              100   %
total allowance for credit losses                                             $192.0                              100   %              $233.3                              100   %              $295.9                              100   %              $307.9                              100   %              $327.6                              100   %
allowance assigned to:
loans and leases                                                              $161.0                                                   $193.8                                                   $267.0                                                   $278.1                                                   $297.9
undrawn commitments and standby letters of credit                               31.0                                                     39.5                                                     28.9                                                     29.8                                                     29.7
total allowance for credit losses                                             $192.0                                                   $233.3                                                   $295.9                                                   $307.9                                                   $327.6
allowance assigned to loans and leases to total loans and leases                0.48   %                                                 0.58   %                                                 0.84   %                                                 0.95   %                                                 1.01   %
specific component of the allowance: the amount of specific allowance is determined through an individual evaluation of loans and lending-related commitments considered impaired that is based on expected future cash flows, collateral value, and other factors that may impact the borrower's ability to pay.
at december 31, 2016, the specific allowance component amounted to $2.1 million compared with $3.1 million at the end of 2015. the $1.0 million decrease is primarily attributable to charge-offs and pay-offs, partially offset by additional allowances provided for new nonperforming loans.
the decrease in the specific component of the allowance from $21.1 million in 2014 to $3.1 million in 2015 was primarily attributable to charge-offs and restructurings and pay-offs as a result of improvements in commercial and institutional, commercial real estate and residential real estate loans.
inherent component of the allowance: the inherent component of the allowance addresses exposure relating to probable but unidentified credit-related losses. the inherent component of the allowance also covers the credit exposure associated with undrawn loan commitments and standby letters of credit. to estimate the allowance for credit losses on
58 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations these instruments, management uses conversion rates to determine the estimated amount that will be drawn and assigns an allowance factor determined in accordance with the methodology utilized for outstanding loans.
the inherent portion of the allowance decreased $40.3 million to $189.9 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $230.2 million at december 31, 2015, and decreased $44.6 million from $274.8 million at december 31, 2014.
the decrease in 2016 reflected improved credit quality across the portfolio and an update to the underlying data used in the quantitative portion of the inherent allowance for credit losses that resulted in a reduction in the allowance ascribed to the residential real estate and private client portfolios. the decrease in 2015 was driven by improved credit quality across the loan and lease portfolio coupled with the adoption of a change in estimation methodology for inherent losses.
overall allowance: the evaluation of the specific component and the inherent component above resulted in a total allowance for credit losses of $192.0 million at december 31, 2016, compared with $233.3 million at the end of 2015. the allowance of $161.0 million assigned to loans and leases, as a percentage of total loans and leases, was 0.48% at december 31, 2016, down from a $193.8 million allowance, representing 0.58% of total loans and leases, at december 31, 2015. allowances assigned to undrawn loan commitments and standby letters of credit totaled $31.0 million and $39.5 million at december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively, and are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets.
provision: the provision for credit losses was a credit of $26.0 million and net charge-offs totaled $15.2 million in 2016. this compares with a credit provision of $43.0 million and net charge-offs of $19.5 million in 2015, and a $6.0 million provision for credit losses and net charge-offs of $18.0 million in 2014.
impaired loans a loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or when its terms have been modified as a concession resulting from the debtor's financial difficulties, referred to as a troubled debt restructuring. as of december 31, 2016, impaired loans totaled $156.1 million and included $127.6 million of loans deemed troubled debt restructurings as compared to total impaired loans of $157.3 million at december 31, 2015, which included $117.1 million of loans deemed troubled debt restructurings. impaired loans had $2.1 million and $3.1 million of the allowance for credit losses allocated to them at december 31, 2016, and december 31, 2015, respectively. impaired loans are measured based upon the loan's market price, the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan's effective interest rate, or at the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. if the loan valuation is less than the recorded value of the loan, dependent upon the level of certainty of loss, either a specific allowance is established or a charge-off is recorded for the difference. smaller balance (individually less than $1 million as of december 31, 2016) homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment and excluded from impaired loan disclosures as allowed under applicable accounting standards.
critical accounting estimates our significant accounting policies are described in note 1, "summary of significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." the use of estimates and assumptions is required in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap and actual results could differ from those estimates. the sec has issued guidance relating to the disclosure of critical accounting estimates. critical accounting estimates are those that require management to make subjective or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. changes that may be required in the underlying assumptions or estimates in these areas could have a material impact on northern trust's future financial condition and results of operations.
for northern trust, accounting estimates that are viewed as critical are those relating to the allowance for credit losses, pension plan accounting, and otti of investment securities. management has discussed the development and selection of each critical accounting estimate with the audit committee of the board of directors (audit committee).
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents management's estimate of probable losses which have occurred as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. the loan and lease portfolio and other lending-related credit exposures are regularly reviewed to evaluate the level of the allowance for credit losses. in determining an appropriate allowance level, northern trust evaluates the allowance necessary for impaired loans and lending-related commitments and also estimates losses inherent in other lending-related credit exposures.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 59
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the allowance for credit losses consists of the following components:
specific allowance: the specific allowance is determined through an individual evaluation of loans and lending-related commitments considered impaired that is based on expected future cash flows, collateral value, and other factors that may impact the borrower's ability to pay. for impaired loans where the amount of specific allowance, if any, is determined based on the value of the underlying real estate collateral, third-party appraisals are typically obtained and utilized by management. these appraisals are generally less than twelve months old and are subject to adjustments to reflect management's judgment as to the realizable value of the collateral.
inherent allowance: the inherent allowance estimation methodology is based on internally developed loss data specific to the northern trust loan and lease portfolio. the estimation methodology and the related qualitative adjustment framework segregate the loan and lease portfolio into segments. for each segment, the probability of default and the loss given default are applied to the total exposure at default to determine a quantitative inherent allowance. the estimated allowance is reviewed by the loan loss reserve committee within a qualitative adjustment framework to determine an appropriate adjustment to the quantitative inherent allowance for each segment of the loan portfolio. in determining the appropriate adjustment, management applies judgment by assessing internal risk factors, potential limitations in the quantitative methodology and environmental factors that are not contemplated in the quantitative methodology. the loan loss reserve committee is comprised of representatives from credit risk management, the reporting segments and corporate finance.
the quarterly analysis of the specific and inherent allowance components and the control process maintained by credit risk management and the lending staff are the principal methods relied upon by management for the timely identification of, and adjustment for, changes in estimated credit loss levels. in addition to northern trust's own experience, management also considers regulatory guidance. control processes and analyses employed to determine an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses are reviewed on at least an annual basis and modified as considered appropriate.
loans, leases and other extensions of credit deemed uncollectible are charged to the allowance for credit losses. subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. determinations as to whether loan balances for which the collectability is in question are charged-off or a specific reserve is established based on management's assessment as to the level of certainty regarding the amount of loss. the provision for credit losses, which is charged to income, is the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses to the level deemed to be appropriate through the above process. actual losses may vary from current estimates and the amount of the provision for credit losses may be either greater than or less than actual net charge-offs.
management's estimates utilized in establishing an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses are not dependent on any single assumption. management evaluates numerous variables, many of which are interrelated or dependent on other assumptions and estimates, in determining an appropriate allowance level. due to the inherent imprecision in accounting estimates, other estimates or assumptions could reasonably have been used in 2016 and changes in estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period.
additionally, as an integral part of their examination process, various federal and state regulatory agencies also review the allowance for credit losses. these agencies may require that certain loan balances be classified differently or charged off when their credit evaluations differ from those of management, based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. however, management believes that the allowance for credit losses adequately addresses these uncertainties and has been established at an appropriate level to cover probable losses which have occurred as of the date of the consolidated financial statements.
60 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations pension plan accounting northern trust maintains a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all u.s. employees (the qualified plan) and a u.s. noncontributory supplemental pension plan (the nonqualified plan). certain european-based employees also retain benefits in local defined benefit pension plans which are closed to new employees and to future benefit accruals. measuring cost and reporting liabilities resulting from defined benefit pension plans requires the use of several assumptions regarding future interest rates, asset returns, compensation increases, mortality rates, and other actuarially-based projections relating to the plans. due to the long-term nature of this obligation and the estimates that are required to be made, the assumptions used in determining the periodic pension expense and the projected pension obligation are closely monitored and reviewed annually for adjustments that may be required. pension accounting guidance requires that differences between estimates and actual experience be recognized as other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. the differences are amortized into net periodic pension expense from accumulated other comprehensive income over the future working lifetime of eligible participants. as a result, differences between the estimates made in the calculation of periodic pension expense and the projected pension obligation and actual experience affect stockholders' equity in the period in which they occur but continue to be recognized as expense systematically and gradually over subsequent periods.
northern trust recognizes the significant impact that these pension-related assumptions have on the determination of the pension obligations and related expense and has established procedures for monitoring and setting these assumptions each year. these procedures include an annual review of actual demographic and investment experience with the pension plans' actuaries. in addition to actual experience, adjustments to these assumptions consider observable yields on fixed income securities, known compensation trends and policies, as well as economic conditions and investment strategies that may impact the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets.
in determining the pension expense for the u.s. plans in 2016, northern trust utilized a discount rate of 4.71% for both the qualified plan and the nonqualified plan. the rate of increase in the compensation level is based on a graded schedule from 7.50% to 2.50% that averaged 4.25%. the expected long-term rate of return on qualified plan assets was 7.00%.
in evaluating possible revisions to pension-related assumptions for the u.s. plans as of northern trust's december 31, 2016 measurement date, the following were considered:
•   discount rate: northern trust estimates the discount rate for its u.s. pension plans by applying the projected cash flows for future benefit payments to the aon hewitt aa above median yield curve as of the measurement date. this yield curve is composed of individual zero-coupon interest rates for 198 different time periods over a 99-year time horizon. zero-coupon rates utilized by the yield curve are mathematically derived from observable market yields for aa-rated corporate bonds. this yield curve model referenced by northern trust in establishing the discount rate resulted in a rate of 4.46% at december 31, 2016 for the qualified and nonqualified plans, a decrease from 4.71% at december 31, 2015.
•   compensation level: based on a review of actual and anticipated salary experience, the compensation scale assumption is based on a graded schedule from 9.00% to 2.50% that averages 4.39%.
•   rate of return on plan assets: the expected return on plan assets is based on an estimate of the long-term (30 years) rate of return on plan assets, which is determined using a building block approach that considers the current asset mix and estimates of return by asset class based on historical experience, giving proper consideration to diversification and rebalancing. current market factors such as inflation and interest rates are also evaluated before long-term capital market assumptions are determined. peer data and historical returns are reviewed to check for reasonability and appropriateness. as a result of these analyses, northern trust's rate of return assumption for the qualified plan decreased from 7.00% for 2016 to 6.75% for 2017.
•   mortality table: northern trust uses the aggregate rp-2014 mortality table with adjustment from 2014 to 2006. northern trust reflects proposed future improvement under scale mp-2016, released by the society of actuaries in october 2016. this assumption was updated at december 31, 2016 from improvement scale mp-2015. the updated improvement scale applies to annuity payments only and results in generally lower projected mortality improvements than estimated by the mp-2015 improvement scale. mortality assumptions on lump sum payments remain static and continue to be in line with the irs prescribed table for minimum lump sums in 2017.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 61
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in order to illustrate the sensitivity of these assumptions on the expected u.s plans' periodic pension expense in 2017 and the projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2016, the following table is presented to show the effect of increasing or decreasing each of these assumptions by 25 basis points.
table 33: sensitivity of u.s. pension plans assumptions
($ in millions)                                               25 basispoint increase          25 basispoint decrease increase (decrease) in 2017 pension expense discount rate change                                                           $(3.7   )                        $3.8
compensation level change                                                        1.6                            (1.5   )
rate of return on plan assets change                                            (3.5   )                         3.5
increase (decrease) in 2016 projected benefit obligation discount rate change                                                           (41.6   )                        43.9
compensation level change                                                        5.6                            (5.4   )
pension contributions: the deduction limits specified by the internal revenue code for contributions made by sponsors of defined benefit pension plans are based on a "target liability" under the provisions of the pension protection act of 2006. there were no contributions to the qualified plan in 2016 and 2015 due to strong asset performance over the past several years. the minimum required contribution to the qualified plan is expected to be zero in 2017. the maximum deductible contribution is estimated at $225 million for 2017.
other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities under gaap, companies are required to perform periodic reviews of securities with unrealized losses to determine whether the declines in value are considered other-than-temporary. for available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities that management has no intent to sell, and believes it more-likely-than-not that it will not be required to sell, prior to recovery, the consolidated statements of income reflect only the credit loss component of an impairment, while the remainder of the fair value loss is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. the credit loss component recognized in earnings is based on the amount of principal and interest not expected to be received over the remaining term of the security. for debt securities that northern trust intends to sell, or would more-likely-than-not be required to sell, before the expected recovery of the amortized cost basis, the full impairment (that is, the difference between the security's amortized cost basis and fair value) is recognized in earnings. the application of significant judgment is required in determining the assumptions used in assessing whether otti exists and, if so, in the calculation of the credit loss component of the otti. assumptions used in this process are inherently subject to change in future periods. different judgments or subsequent changes in estimates could result in materially different impairment loss recognition.
northern trust conducts security impairment reviews quarterly to identify and evaluate those securities within its investment portfolio that have indications of possible otti. a determination as to whether a security's decline in market value is other-than-temporary takes into consideration numerous factors and the relative significance of any single factor can vary by security. factors northern trust considers in determining whether impairment is other-than-temporary include, but are not limited to, the length of time the security has been impaired; the severity of the impairment; the cause of the impairment and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; activity in the market of the issuer which may indicate adverse credit conditions; northern trust's intent regarding the sale of the security as of the balance sheet date; and the likelihood that it will not be required to sell the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for the recovery of the security's amortized cost basis.
there were $3.7 million and $4.2 million of losses recognized in 2016 and 2014, respectively, in connection with the write-down of securities determined to be otti. there were no otti losses recognized in 2015. additional otti may occur in future periods as a result of market and economic conditions.
fair value measurements the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires certain assets and liabilities to be reported at fair value. as of december 31, 2016, approximately 30% of northern trust's total assets and approximately 1% of its total liabilities were carried on the consolidated balance sheets at fair value. as discussed more fully in note 3, "fair value measurements," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," gaap requires entities to categorize financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value according to a three-level valuation hierarchy. the hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted, active market prices for identical assets and
62 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liabilities (level 1) and the lowest priority to valuation techniques that require significant management judgment because one or more of the significant inputs are unobservable in the market place (level 3). approximately 20% of northern trust's assets carried at fair value are classified as level 1; northern trust typically does not hold equity securities or other instruments that are actively traded on an exchange.
approximately 80% of northern trust's assets and 97% of its liabilities carried at fair value are categorized as level 2, as they are valued using models in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets. investment securities classified as available for sale make up 94% of level 2 assets with the remaining 6% primarily consisting of derivative financial instruments. level 2 liabilities are comprised solely of derivative financial instruments.
northern trust's level 2 assets include available for sale and trading account securities, the fair values of which are determined predominantly by external pricing vendors. northern trust has a well-established process to validate prices received from pricing vendors as discussed more fully in note 3, "fair value measurements," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as of december 31, 2016, all derivative assets and liabilities, excluding the swap related to the sale of certain visa class b common shares described below, were classified as level 2 and approximately 96%, measured on a notional value basis, related to client-related and trading activities, predominantly consisting of foreign exchange contracts. derivative instruments are valued internally using widely accepted income-based models that incorporate inputs readily observable in actively quoted markets and reflect contractual terms of contracts. northern trust evaluated the impact of counterparty credit risk and its own credit risk on the valuation of derivative instruments. factors considered included the likelihood of default by northern trust and its counterparties, the remaining maturities of the instruments, net exposures after giving effect to master netting agreements, available collateral, and other credit enhancements in determining the appropriate fair value of derivative instruments. the resulting valuation adjustments are not considered material.
as of december 31, 2016, the fair value of northern trust's level 3 assets was $4.7 million. level 3 assets consist of auction rate securities purchased from northern trust clients. as of december 31, 2016, to estimate the fair value of auction rate securities, northern trust uses external pricing vendors that incorporate transaction details and market based inputs such as past auction results, trades and bids. the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements are the prices of the securities supported by little market activity and for which trading is limited. as of december 31, 2015, northern trust estimated the fair value of auction rate securities by developing and maintaining a pricing model that discounted estimated cash flows over their estimated remaining lives. significant inputs to the model included the contractual terms of the securities, credit risk ratings, discount rates, forward interest rates, credit/liquidity spreads, and northern trust's own assumptions about the estimated remaining lives of the securities.
as of december 31, 2016, northern trust's level 3 liabilities consisted of swaps that northern trust entered into with the purchaser of 1.1 million and 1.0 million shares of visa class b common shares previously held by northern trust and sold in june 2016 and 2015, respectively. pursuant to the swaps, northern trust retains the risks associated with the ultimate conversion of the visa class b common shares into shares of visa inc. class a common stock (visa class a common shares), such that the counterparty will be compensated for any dilutive adjustments to the conversion ratio and northern trust will be compensated for any anti-dilutive adjustments to the ratio. the swaps also require periodic payments from northern trust to the counterparty calculated by reference to the market price of visa class a common shares and a fixed rate of interest. the fair value of the swaps are determined using a discounted cash flow methodology. the significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement are northern trust's own assumptions about estimated changes in the conversion rate of the visa class b common shares into visa class a common shares, the date on which such conversion is expected to occur and the estimated growth rate of the visa class a common share price. see "visa class b common shares" under note 24, "contingent liabilities," provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," of this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
while northern trust believes its valuation methods for its assets and liabilities carried at fair value are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions, particularly as applied to level 3 assets, could have a material effect on the computation of their estimated fair values.
recent accounting pronouncements and developments in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" (asu 2014-09). asu 2014-09 is a converged standard between the fasb and the international accounting standards board (iasb) that provides a single comprehensive revenue recognition model for all contracts with customers across transactions and industries. the primary objective of asu 2014-09 is revenue recognition that represents the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. asu 2014-09 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 63
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in 2016, northern trust focused efforts on its assessment project as well as an extensive contract review, covering services offered in each of its respective locations throughout the world. northern trust recognizes the majority of its revenues "over time" under current policy and expects to continue this practice upon adoption of asu 2014-09. further, northern trust is currently assessing the extent of changes to revenue-related information technology applications as well as the control environment and will continue to evaluate certain aspects of asu 2014-09 such as transition method, agent vs. principle considerations, and detailed disclosures. asu 2014-09 is not expected to impact significantly northern trust's consolidated financial position or results of operations.
in january 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-01, "financial instruments - overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities" (asu 2016-01). asu 2016-01 requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method or those that result in consolidation) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income unless a policy election is made for investments without readily determinable fair values. additionally, asu 2016-01 requires public entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for measurement purposes and eliminates the requirement to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet. furthermore, it requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial statements. asu 2016-01 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2017. although northern trust is currently assessing the impact of asu 2016-01, it is not expected to impact significantly northern trust's consolidated financial position or results of operations.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, "leases (topic 842)" (asu 2016-02). asu 2016-02 introduces a lessee model that brings most leases on the balance sheet, with certain specified scope exceptions. specifically within the lessee model under asu 2016-02, a lessee is required to recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments, known as the lease liability, and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset over the lease term. asu 2016-02 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018, although early adoption is permitted. northern trust is currently establishing an overall governance structure and a detailed project plan for its implementation efforts. further, northern trust has begun to assess its inventory of leases within the scope of asu 2016-02 and is currently assessing the impact of adoption of asu 2016-02.
in june 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-13, "financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments" (asu 2016-13). asu 2016-13 significantly changes the way impairment of financial instruments is recognized by requiring immediate recognition of estimated credit losses expected to occur over the remaining life of financial instruments. the main provisions of asu 2016-13 include (1) replacing the "incurred loss" approach under current gaap with an "expected loss" model for instruments measured at amortized cost, (2) requiring entities to record an allowance for available-for-sale debt securities rather than reduce the carrying amount of the investments, as is required by the other-than-temporary-impairment model under current gaap, and (3) a simplified accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. asu 2016-13 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019, although early adoption is permitted. northern trust is currently establishing an overall governance structure and a detailed project plan for its implementation efforts. further, northern trust has begun to assess differences between the existing incurred loss impairment model and the expected loss impairment model requirements under asu 2016-13. northern trust is currently assessing the impact of adoption of asu 2016-13.
in october 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-16, "income taxes (topic 740): intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory" (asu 2016-16). asu 2016-16 requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers of assets (excluding inventory) in the period in which the transfer occurs. asu 2016-16 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, although early adoption is permitted. northern trust is currently assessing the impact of adoption of asu 2016-16.
in october 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-17, "consolidation (topic 810): interests held through related parties that are under common control" (asu 2016-17). under asu 2016-17, a single decision maker evaluating whether it is the primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity will consider its indirect interests held by related parties that are under common control on a proportionate basis. asu 2016-17 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, although early adoption is permitted. although northern trust is currently assessing the impact of asu 2016-17, it is not expected to impact significantly northern trust's consolidated financial position or results of operations.
in november 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-18, "statement of cash flows (topic 230): restricted cash (a consensus of the fasb emerging issues task force)" (asu 2016-18). asu 2016-18 requires that a statement of cash flows explain the change during the period in the total of cash, cash equivalents, and amounts generally described as restricted cash or restricted cash equivalents. as such, amounts generally described as restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents should be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. asu 2016-18 is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, although early adoption is permitted. northern trust is currently assessing the impact of adoption of asu 2016-18.
64 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations capital expenditures capital expenditures in 2016 included ongoing enhancements to northern trust's software and hardware capabilities, the opening of new offices, and the expansion and renovation of several existing offices. capital expenditures for 2016 totaled $473.4 million, of which $362.1 million was for software, $66.1 million was for computer hardware, $37.2 million was for building and leasehold improvements, and $8.0 million was for furnishings. these capital expenditures principally support and enhance northern trust's investment management, asset servicing and asset management capabilities, as well as relationship management and client interaction. additional capital expenditures planned for systems technology will result in future expense for the depreciation of hardware and amortization of software. software amortization and depreciation on computer hardware and machinery are charged to equipment and software expense. depreciation on building and leasehold improvements and on furnishings is charged to occupancy expense and equipment expense, respectively. capital expenditures for 2015 totaled $433.5 million, of which $335.0 million was for software, $59.2 million was for computer hardware, $34.2 million was for building and leasehold improvements, and $5.1 million was for furnishings.
off-balance-sheet arrangements assets under custody/administration and assets under management northern trust, in the normal course of business, holds assets under custody/administration and management in a fiduciary or agency capacity for its clients. in accordance with gaap, these assets are not assets of northern trust and are not included in its consolidated balance sheets.
commitments, letters of credit and securities lent with indemnification northern trust, in the normal course of business, enters into various types of commitments and issues letters of credit to meet the liquidity and credit enhancement needs of its clients. the contractual amounts of these instruments represent the potential credit exposure should the instrument be drawn fully upon and the client default. to control the credit risk associated with entering into commitments and issuing letters of credit, northern trust subjects such activities to the same credit quality and monitoring controls as its lending activities. the following table provides details of northern trust's off-balance-sheet financial instruments as of december 31, 2016 and 2015.
table 34: summary of off-balance-sheet financial instruments with contract amounts december 31,
($ in millions)                                       2016               2015
undrawn commitments to extend credit one year and less                                $10,953.5          $12,530.3
over one year                                     21,814.6           24,716.7
total                                            $32,768.1          $37,247.0
standby letters of credit                         $3,846.1           $4,305.4
commercial letters of credit                          24.0               17.2
custody securities lent with indemnification     102,325.2           94,514.0
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 65
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations undrawn commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. since a significant portion of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future loans or liquidity requirements. the following table provides information about the industry sector and expiration dates of undrawn commitments to extend credit as of december 31, 2016.
table 35: undrawn commitments to extend credit by industry sector as of december 31, 2016                                                                                           commitment expiration
($ in millions)                          totalcommitments          one yearand less          over oneyear          outstandingloans commercial commercial and institutional finance and insurance                            $3,732.0                  $1,659.2              $2,072.8                    $954.6
holding companies                                     7.7                       1.7                   6.0                      68.0
manufacturing                                     7,718.3                     676.2               7,042.1                   2,198.9
mining                                              731.8                     187.0                 544.8                      95.2
public administration                               160.8                       3.3                 157.5                      61.1
retail trade                                      1,029.3                     120.9                 908.4                     220.7
services                                          6,332.4                   1,800.8               4,531.6                   4,881.9
transportation and warehousing                      331.8                       4.8                 327.0                     278.3
utilities                                         1,201.4                       7.0               1,194.4                      45.0
wholesale trade                                     746.3                      87.5                 658.8                     506.7
other commercial                                    365.2                     192.4                 172.8                     212.6
commercial and institutional (note)              22,357.0                   4,740.8              17,616.2                   9,523.0
commercial real estate                              546.1                      85.3                 460.8                   4,002.5
lease financing, net                                    -                         -                     -                     293.9
non-u.s.                                          1,579.6                     751.7                 827.9                   1,877.8
other                                               168.2                     168.2                     -                     205.1
total commercial                                 24,650.9                   5,746.0              18,904.9                  15,902.3
personal residential real estate                           1,162.2                     192.7                 969.5                   7,841.9
private client                                    6,933.8                   4,993.6               1,940.2                  10,052.0
other                                                21.2                      21.2                     -                      25.9
total personal                                    8,117.2                   5,207.5               2,909.7                  17,919.8
total                                            32,768.1                  10,953.5              21,814.6                  33,822.1
note: commercial and institutional industry sector information is presented on the basis of the north american industry classification system (naics).
standby letters of credit obligate northern trust to meet certain financial obligations of its clients, if, under the contractual terms of the agreement, the clients are unable to do so. these instruments are primarily issued to support public and private financial commitments, including commercial paper, bond financing, initial margin requirements on futures exchanges and similar transactions. northern trust is obligated to meet the entire financial obligation of these agreements and in certain cases is able to recover the amounts paid through recourse against collateral received or other participants. standby letters of credit of $3.8 billion and $4.3 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, include $134.2 million and $147.1 million, respectively, of standby letters of credit secured by cash deposits or participated to others. the weighted average maturity of standby letters of credit was 24 months at december 31, 2016 and 2015.
as part of its securities custody activities and at the direction of its clients, northern trust lends securities owned by clients to borrowers who are reviewed and approved by the northern trust capital markets credit committee. in connection with these activities, northern trust has issued indemnifications to certain clients against certain losses that are a direct result of a borrower's failure to return securities when due, should the value of such securities exceed the value of the collateral required to be posted. borrowers are required to collateralize fully securities received with cash or marketable securities. as securities are loaned, collateral is maintained at a minimum of 100% of the fair value of the securities plus accrued interest. the collateral is revalued on a daily basis. the amount of securities loaned subject to indemnification was $102.3 billion and $94.5 billion at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. because of the credit quality of the
66 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations borrowers and the requirement to collateralize fully securities borrowed, management believes that the exposure to credit loss from this activity is not significant and no liability was recorded at december 31, 2016, or 2015 related to these indemnifications.
additional information about northern trust's off-balance-sheet financial instruments is included in note 27, "off-balance-sheet financial instruments," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
variable interest entities variable interest entities (vies) are defined within gaap as entities which either have a total equity investment that is insufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. investors that finance a vie through debt or equity interests, or other counterparties that provide other forms of support, such as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the entity and the variable interest holder, if any, that has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity and a variable interest that could potentially be significant to the entity is deemed to be the vie's primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate the vie.
leveraged leases. in leveraged leasing transactions, northern trust acts as lessor of the underlying asset subject to the lease and typically funds 20-30% of the asset's cost via an equity ownership in a trust with the remaining 70-80% provided by third-party non-recourse debt holders. in such transactions, the trusts, which are vies, are created to provide the lessee use of the property with substantially all of the rights and obligations of ownership. the lessee's maintenance and operation of the leased property has a direct effect on the fair value of the underlying property, and the lessee also has the ability to increase the benefits it can receive and limit the losses it can suffer by the manner in which it uses the property. as a result, northern trust has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these vies given it lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the vies.
tax credit structures. northern trust invests in qualified affordable housing projects and community development entities (collectively, community development projects) that are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of tax credits. these community development projects are formed as limited partnerships and limited liability companies in which northern trust typically invests as a limited partner/investor member through equity contributions. the economic performance of the community development projects, which are vies, is subject to the performance of their underlying investments and their ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity investments. northern trust has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of any community development projects as it lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the underlying investments or to affect their ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity investments. this power is held by the general partners and managing members who exercise full and exclusive control of the operations of the vies.
investment funds. northern trust acts as asset manager for various funds in which clients of northern trust are investors. as an asset manager of funds, the corporation earns a competitively priced fee that is based on assets managed and varies with each fund's investment objective. based on its analysis, northern trust has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these vies under gaap.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity risk management liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to raise sufficient funds or collateral to meet on- and off-balance-sheet cash flow obligations when due because of firm-specific or market-wide events.
governance and risk management framework northern trust manages its liquidity under a global risk management framework, incorporating regional policies, limits and management when appropriate. the corporate liquidity management policy, as well as corporate liquidity procedures, limits and risk appetite, are reviewed and approved annually by the board of directors. the board receives a semiannual update on the corporation's operations in accordance with established liquidity limits. the business risk committee receives reports at least quarterly on the corporation's liquidity risk profile and liquidity risk tolerance. additionally, the asset & liability management committee (alco) is responsible for recommending liquidity policies to the board, establishing internal liquidity thresholds, assessing northern trust's overall liquidity status, and reviewing reports,
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 67
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations including liquidity stress test results, cash flows and other analyses on a regular basis. the treasury department has the day-to-day responsibility for managing liquidity risk within the thresholds and limits established by alco and the board. the risk management function provides oversight of adherence with the corporate liquidity management policy and established thresholds and limits, as well as independent review of the practices and procedures used to manage liquidity risk.
northern trust's liquidity management framework focuses on five key areas - position management; liquidity analysis; contingency planning; peer group comparisons; and management reporting - while also providing for the review and management of the liquidity of the corporation separate from that of the bank. it is through this framework that management monitors its sources and uses of liquidity, evaluates their level of stability under various circumstances, plans for adverse situations, benchmarks itself against other banks, provides information to management, and complies with various u.s. and international regulations.
position management includes daily and intraday monitoring of cash positions, anticipating future funding requirements given both internal and external events, controlling and monitoring collateral positions, and management of liquidity metrics such as the liquidity coverage ratio. as the corporation's principal subsidiary encompassing all of northern trust's banking activities, the bank centrally manages liquidity for all u.s. and international banking operations. liquidity is provided by a variety of sources, including client deposits (institutional and personal) from the c&is and wealth management businesses, wholesale funding from the capital markets, maturities of short-term investments, federal home loan bank advances, and unencumbered liquid assets that can be sold or pledged to secure additional funds. while management does not view central bank discount windows as primary sources of liquidity, at december 31, 2016, the bank had over $36.7 billion of securities and loans readily available as collateral to support discount window borrowings. the bank is also active in the u.s. interbank funding market, providing an important source of additional liquidity and low-cost funds. liquidity supports a variety of activities, including client withdrawals, purchases of securities, net loan growth, and draws on commitments to extend credit. northern trust maintains a very liquid balance sheet, with cash and due from banks, deposits with the federal reserve and other central banks, short-term money market assets and investment securities in aggregate representing 66% of total assets as of december 31, 2016. the market value of unencumbered securities at the bank, which include those placed at the federal reserve discount window, totaled $41.7 billion at december 31, 2016. the corporation and the bank each satisfied the u.s. liquidity coverage ratio requirements during 2016.
liquidity analysis evaluates a bank's ability to meet its cash flow obligations given a variety of possible internal and external events and under different economic conditions. northern trust uses liquidity analysis to support its contingent liquidity plans, size its liquidity buffer, gain insight into its liquidity position and strengthen its liquidity and management practices. liquidity analysis is performed using multiple independent scenarios, across major currencies, at a consolidated corporate level and for various international banking subsidiaries. these scenarios, which include both company-specific and systemic events, analyze potential impacts on northern trust's domestic and foreign deposit balances, intraday exposures, wholesale funding sources, financial market access, external borrowing capacity, and other on- and off-balance-sheet obligations. results are reviewed by senior management and alco on a regular basis.
another important area of northern trust's liquidity risk management is the development and maintenance of contingent liquidity plans. a contingent funding plan covering the corporation, bank and major subsidiaries is approved at least once per calendar year by the business risk committee and regularly updated and tested. this plan, which can be activated in the event of an actual liquidity crisis, details organizational responsibilities and defines specific actions designed to provide the proper maintenance of liquidity during periods of stress. in conjunction with northern trust's global contingent funding plan, international banking subsidiaries also have individual contingent liquidity plans.
northern trust analyzes its liquidity profile against a peer group of large u.s. bank holding companies, including other major custody banks. this analysis provides management with benchmarking information, highlights industry trends, and supports the establishment of new strategies.
management regularly reviews various reports, analyses and other information depicting changes in northern trust's liquidity mix and funding concentrations, overall financial market conditions and other internal and external liquidity metrics. management uses this information to evaluate the overall status of northern trust's liquidity position and anticipate potential events that could stress that position in the future. an overall liquidity status level for northern trust, established and regularly reviewed by alco, is monitored on an ongoing basis by senior management and risk oversight bodies. downgrades in liquidity status resulting from internal, external or industry-wide events trigger specific pre-determined actions and limits designed to position northern trust to respond better to potential liquidity stresses.
68 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporation liquidity the liquidity of the corporation is managed separately from that of the bank. the primary sources of cash for the corporation are issuances of debt or equity, dividend payments from the bank and interest earned on investment securities and money market assets. in 2016, the corporation received $300.0 million of dividends from the bank. dividends from the bank are subject to certain restrictions, as discussed in further detail in note 30, "restrictions on subsidiary dividends and loans or advances," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." the corporation's uses of cash consist mainly of dividend payments to the corporation's stockholders; the payment of principal and interest to note holders; repurchases of its common stock; and investments in, or loans to, its subsidiaries. the most significant uses of cash by the corporation during 2016 were $411.1 million of common stock repurchases and $333.0 million of common stock dividends.
the corporation's liquidity, defined as the amount of cash and highly marketable assets, was $757.0 million and $757.5 million at december 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. during, and at year-end, 2016 and 2015, these assets were comprised almost entirely of cash in a demand deposit account at the bank or overnight money market placements, both of which were fully available to the corporation to support its own cash flow requirements or those of its subsidiaries, as needed. average liquidity during 2016 and 2015 was $562.8 million and $846.2 million, respectively. the cash flows of the corporation are shown in note 33, "northern trust corporation (corporation only)," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
a significant source of liquidity for both the corporation and the bank is the ability to draw funding from capital markets globally. the credit ratings of the corporation and the bank as of december 31, 2016, provided below, allow northern trust to access capital markets on favorable terms.
table 36: northern trust credit ratings as of december 31, 2016
credit rating standard &amp;poor's   moody's   fitchratings northern trust corporation:
senior debt                          a+                     a2        aa-
subordinated debt                    a                      a2        a+
preferred stock                      bbb+                   baa1      bbb trust preferred capital securities   bbb+                   a3        bbb+
outlook                              stable                 stable    stable the northern trust company:
short-term deposit                   a-1+                   p-1       f1+
long-term deposit                    aa-                    aa2       aa subordinated debt                    a+                     a2        a+
outlook                              stable                 stable    stable a significant downgrade in one or more of these ratings could limit northern trust's access to capital markets and/or increase the rates paid for short-term borrowings, including deposits, and future long-term debt issuances. the size of these rate increases would depend on multiple factors, including the extent of the downgrade, northern trust's relative debt rating compared to other financial institutions, current market conditions, and other factors. in addition, as discussed in note 25, "derivative financial instruments," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," northern trust enters into certain master netting arrangements with derivative counterparties that contain credit-risk-related contingent features in which the counterparty has the option to declare northern trust in default and accelerate cash settlement of net derivative liabilities with the counterparty in the event northern trust's credit rating falls below specified levels. the net maximum amount of these termination payments that northern trust could have been required to pay at december 31, 2016, was $40.7 million. other than these credit-risk-related contingent derivative counterparty payments, northern trust had no long-term debt covenants or other credit-risk-related payments at december 31, 2016, that would be triggered by a significant downgrade in its debt ratings.
statements of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $1.5 billion, primarily reflecting period earnings and decreased other operating activities.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 69
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2015, was $1.8 billion and was primarily the result of period earnings, decreased net collateral deposited with counterparties and the impact of non-cash charges such as amortization of computer software, partially offset by other operating activities.
net cash used in investing activities was $10.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily attributable to net purchases of securities available for sale and held to maturity as well as an increase in deposits with federal reserve and other central banks.
net cash used in investing activities of $6.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily reflected net purchases of securities available for sale and held to maturity to increase the yield on earning assets and increased loans and leases net of $585.2 million in gross cash proceeds received related to the decision to exit a non-strategic loan and lease portfolio, partially offset by decreased levels of federal reserve deposits.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash provided by financing activities totaled $7.5 billion, primarily reflecting higher levels of total deposits, increases in short-term other borrowings, the issuance of series d preferred stock, and net proceeds received from the exercise of stock options, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock pursuant to the corporation's share repurchase program and dividends paid on common and preferred stock.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, net cash provided by financing activities totaled $8.5 billion, primarily attributable to increased levels of total deposits and increases in short-term other borrowings with the federal home loan bank, partially offset by federal funds purchased, the repurchase of common stock pursuant to the corporation's share repurchase program, dividends paid on common and preferred stock, securities sold under agreements to repurchase and the repayment of sterling denominated notes. the increase in total deposits is primarily attributable to higher levels of non-u.s. office deposits.
regulatory environment northern trust actively follows regulatory developments and regularly evaluates its liquidity risk management framework against proposed rulemaking and industry best practices in order to comply with applicable regulations and further enhance its liquidity policies. please refer to "liquidity standards" under "supervision and regulation" in item 1, "business," of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of applicable liquidity standards.
contractual obligations the following table shows northern trust's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016.
table 37: contractual obligations as of december 31, 2016
payment due by period
($ in millions)                       total          one yearand less          1-3years         3-5 years         over 5years senior notes(1)                    $1,496.6                        $-                $-            $997.9              $498.7
subordinated debt(1)                1,307.9                     207.6             315.3                 -               785.0
floating rate capital debt(1)         277.4                         -                 -                 -               277.4
capital lease obligations(2)           25.8                       9.3              18.2              (1.7   )               -
operating leases(2)                   585.9                      91.0             160.2             133.3               201.4
purchase obligations(3)               277.2                     133.8             127.1              13.0                 3.3
total contractual obligations      $3,970.8                    $441.7            $620.8          $1,142.5            $1,765.8
note: obligations as shown do not include deposit liabilities or interest requirements on funding sources.
(1) refer to note 12, "senior notes and long-term debt," and note 13, "floating rate capital debt," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," for further details.
(2) refer to note 10, "lease commitments," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data," for further details.
(3) purchase obligations consist primarily of ongoing operating costs related to outsourcing arrangements for certain cash management services and the support and maintenance of the corporation's technological requirements. certain obligations are in the form of variable rate contracts and, in some instances, 2016 activity was used as a base to project future obligations.
capital management one of northern trust's primary objectives is to maintain a strong capital position to merit the confidence of clients, counterparties, creditors, regulators and stockholders. a strong capital position helps northern trust execute its strategies and withstand unforeseen adverse developments.
70 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations senior management, with oversight from the capital governance committee and the full board of directors, is responsible for capital management and planning. northern trust manages its capital on both a total corporation basis and a legal entity basis. the capital committee is responsible for measuring and managing capital metrics against levels set forth within the capital policy approved by the board of directors. in establishing the metrics related to capital, a variety of factors are taken into consideration, including the unique risk profiles of northern trust's businesses, regulatory requirements, capital levels relative to peers, and the impact on credit ratings.
capital levels were strengthened in 2016 as average stockholders' equity increased $460.8 million, or 5%, reaching $9.1 billion. total stockholders' equity was $9.8 billion at december 31, 2016, as compared to $8.7 billion at december 31, 2015. in april 2016, the board increased the quarterly common stock dividend by 6% to $0.38 per common share. common dividends totaling $343.5 million were declared in 2016. during the year ended december 31, 2016, the corporation repurchased 6.1 million shares of common stock, including 0.4 million shares withheld related to share-based compensation, at an average price per share of $67.91. in august 2016, the corporation issued series d preferred stock for net proceeds of $493.5 million. preferred dividends totaling $23.4 million were declared in 2016.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 71
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in accordance with basel iii requirements, capital ratios are calculated using both the standardized and advanced approaches. for each ratio, the lower of the result calculated under the standardized approach and the advanced approach serves as the effective ratio for purposes of determining capital adequacy. the following table provides a reconciliation of the corporation's common stockholders' equity to total risk-based capital and its risk-based capital ratios, under the applicable u.s. regulatory rules as of december 31, 2016 and 2015.
table 38: capital adequacy
($ in millions)                                                                                      december 31, 2016                            december 31, 2015
advancedapproach       standardizedapproach        advancedapproach         standardized approach common equity tier 1 capital common stockholders' equity                                                $8,888.4                  $8,888.4                 $8,317.3              $8,317.3
net unrealized (gains) losses on securities available for sale                 12.9                      12.9                     18.6                  18.6
net unrealized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                              (2.4       )              (2.4        )             1.8                   1.8
goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability          (488.1       )            (488.1        )          (494.0       )        (494.0      )
pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments                          130.1                     130.1                    192.7                 192.7
other                                                                         (60.5       )             (60.5        )           (23.8       )         (23.8      )
total common equity tier 1                                                  8,480.4                   8,480.4                  8,012.6               8,012.6
additional tier 1 capital preferred stock                                                               882.0                     882.0                    388.5                 388.5
floating rate capital                                                             -                         -                     67.2                  67.2
other                                                                         (42.5       )             (42.5        )           (37.0       )         (37.0      )
total additional tier 1 capital                                               839.5                     839.5                    418.7                 418.7
total tier 1 capital                                                        9,319.9                   9,319.9                  8,431.3               8,431.3
tier 2 capital qualifying allowance for credit losses                                            -                     191.9                        -                 233.3
qualifying subordinated debt                                                  809.3                     809.3                    909.2                 909.2
floating rate capital                                                         161.5                     161.5                    201.7                 201.7
other                                                                          (9.1       )              (7.6        )           (12.5       )          (7.8      )
total tier 2 capital                                                          961.7                   1,155.1                  1,098.4               1,336.4
total risk-based capital                                                  $10,281.6                 $10,475.0                 $9,529.7              $9,767.7
risk-weighted assets(1)                                                   $68,257.6                 $72,020.9                $67,334.6             $73,962.5
total assets - end of period (eop)                                        123,926.9                 123,926.9                116,749.6             116,749.6
adjusted average fourth quarter assets(2)                                 116,958.0                 116,958.0                113,099.9             113,099.9
total loans and leases - eop                                               33,822.1                  33,822.1                 33,180.9              33,180.9
common stockholders' equity to:
total loans and leases - eop                                                  26.28       %             26.28        %           25.07       %         25.07      %
total assets - eop                                                             7.17                      7.17                     7.12                  7.12
risk-based capital ratios common equity tier 1                                                           12.4       %              11.8        %            11.9       %          10.8      %
tier 1                                                                         13.7                      12.9                     12.5                  11.4
total (tier 1 and tier 2)                                                      15.1                      14.5                     14.2                  13.2
leverage                                                                        8.0                       8.0                      7.5                   7.5
supplementary leverage(3)                                                       6.8                       n/a                      6.2                   n/a
(1) risk-weighted assets exclude, as applicable under each regulatory approach, amounts primarily related to goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and net unrealized gains or losses on securities and reflect adjustments for excess allowances for credit losses that have been excluded from tier 1 and tier 2 capital, if any.
(2) adjusted average fourth quarter assets exclude amounts primarily related to goodwill, other intangible assets, and net unrealized gains or losses on securities.
(3) beginning with the first quarter of 2015, advanced approaches banking organizations must calculate and report their supplementary leverage ratio. effective january 1, 2018, the corporation will be subject to a minimum supplementary leverage ratio of 3 percent.
as of december 31, 2016 and 2015, the corporation's capital ratios exceeded the minimum requirements for classification as "well-capitalized" under applicable u.s. regulatory requirements. further information regarding the corporation's and
72 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the bank's capital ratios and the minimum requirements for classification as "well-capitalized" is provided in the "supervision and regulation" section of item 1, "business," and note 32, "regulatory capital requirements," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as of december 31, 2016, the corporation's common equity tier 1 capital ratio as calculated under the advanced approaches methodologies would have been 12.1% on a fully phased-in basis, while the corporation's common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the standardized approach would have been 11.5% on a fully phased-in basis.
the implementation of basel iii in the united states has increased the minimum capital thresholds for banking organizations and tightened the standards for what qualifies as capital. the corporation and the bank believe their capital strength, balance sheets and business models leave them well positioned for the continued u.s. implementation of basel iii.
risk management risk management overview northern trust employs an integrated enterprise risk management framework to support its strategies. the framework provides a methodology to identify, assess, monitor, measure, manage and report both internal and external risks to northern trust, and promotes a culture of risk awareness across the organization. northern trust's risk culture encompasses the general awareness, attitude and behavior of employees to risk and the management of risk across all lines of defense within the organization. the key risk categories that are inherent in northern trust's business activities include: credit, operational, fiduciary, compliance, market, liquidity, and strategic risk. please refer to the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a discussion of liquidity risk management.
northern trust reinforces a culture of effective risk management through training and developing employees and evaluating and rewarding employee performance.
risk governance and oversight risk governance is an integral aspect of corporate governance at northern trust, and includes clearly defined accountabilities, expectations, internal controls and processes for risk-based decision-making and escalation of issues. the diagram below provides a high-level overview of northern trust's risk governance structure, highlighting the oversight of the board of directors and key risk-related committees.
table 39: risk governance structure northern trust corporation board of directors audit         business risk   capital governance   compensation and benefit committee     committee       committee            committee global enterprise risk committee (gerc)
global enterprise risk management committee (germ)
credit risk committee   operational risk   fiduciary risk   compliance &amp; ethics   asset &amp; liability   model risk oversight committee          committee        oversight committee       management              committee committee the board of directors provides oversight of risk management directly and through certain of its committees: the audit committee, the business risk committee, the capital governance committee and the compensation and benefits committee. the board of directors annually approves northern trust's enterprise risk management framework, risk universe and corporate risk appetite statement. the business risk committee assumes primary responsibility and oversight with respect to credit risk, operational risk, fiduciary risk, compliance risk, market risk, liquidity risk, and strategic risk. the audit committee provides oversight with respect to financial reporting and legal risk, while the compensation and benefits committee oversees the development and operation of northern trust's incentive compensation program. the compensation and benefits committee annually reviews management's assessment of the effectiveness of the design and performance of northern trust's incentive compensation arrangements and practices in providing incentives that are consistent with northern trust's safety and soundness. this assessment includes an evaluation of whether northern trust's incentive compensation arrangements and practices discourage inappropriate risk taking behavior by participants. the capital governance committee of the board assists the board in discharging its oversight duties with respect to capital management and planning activities. among other responsibilities, the capital governance committee oversees northern trust's capital adequacy assessments, forecasting, and stress testing processes and activities, including the annual ccar exercise, and challenges management, as appropriate, on various elements of such processes
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 73
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations and activities. accordingly, the capital governance committee provides oversight with respect to northern trust's linkage of material risks to the capital adequacy assessment process.
the chief risk officer (cro) oversees northern trust's management of risk, promotes risk awareness and fosters a proactive risk management environment wherein risks inherent in the business strategy are identified, understood, appropriately monitored and mitigated. the cro reports directly to the business risk committee and the corporation's chief executive officer. the cro regularly advises the business risk committee and reports to the committee at least quarterly on risk exposures, risk management deficiencies and emerging risks. in accordance with the enterprise risk management framework, the executive management team of northern trust, together with the general auditor, meets as the global enterprise risk committee (gerc) to provide executive management oversight and guidance with respect to the management of the categories of risk overseen by the business risk committee. among other risk management responsibilities, gerc receives reports or recommendations from senior risk committees that are responsible for the management of risk, and from time to time may delegate responsibility to such committees for risk issues. senior risk committees include:
the global enterprise risk management committee (germ) provides senior management oversight and guidance to the management of all categories of risk within northern trust. germ is chaired by the cro, and members include risk practice leads, business unit and regional chief risk officers, and various functional risk leaders.
the credit risk committee establishes and monitors credit-related policies and practices throughout northern trust and promotes their uniform application. the credit risk committee is chaired by the chief credit officer, and members include the cro, the treasurer, the chief operational risk officer, the controller, and various functional risk and business management leaders.
the operational risk committee (orc) provides independent oversight and is responsible for setting the corporate operational risk management policy and developing the operational risk management framework and programs that support the coordination of operational risk activities to identify, monitor, measure, manage and report on operational risk. at orc, senior management reviews and discusses operational risks including existing and emerging issues. the orc also is responsible for coordinating operational risk issues related to compliance and fiduciary risks.
the fiduciary risk committee (frc) is responsible for establishing and reviewing the fiduciary risk policies and establishing the fiduciary risk framework, governance and programs that support the coordination of fiduciary risk activities to identify, monitor, manage and report on fiduciary risk. at frc, senior management reviews and discusses fiduciary risks including existing and emerging issues.
the compliance & ethics oversight committee provides oversight and direction with respect to compliance policies, implementation of the compliance and ethics program, and the coordination of regulatory compliance initiatives across the corporation. this committee also may resolve significant interpretive issues regarding compliance in situations where specific compliance policies do not provide for or allow resolution of the issue by another individual or committee.
the asset & liability management committee (alco) establishes and monitors northern trust's market and liquidity risk frameworks and policies as well as actively manages northern trust's market and liquidity risks through oversight of the implementation of approved asset and liability management strategies. at alco, senior management reviews and discusses northern trust's market and liquidity risk profile as well as various scenario analyses. alco establishes and monitors market and liquidity risk metrics, such as net interest income and market value of equity sensitivity, trading value-at-risk (var), notional position sizes, the liquidity coverage ratio (lcr), and the liquid asset buffer.
the model risk oversight committee (mroc) is responsible for providing management attention, direction, and oversight of the model risk management framework and model risk within northern trust. mroc reviews and, where applicable, provides guidance and approval as to the direction of the northern trust model risk program and policy. mroc tracks and provides oversight, advice, approval and direction on risk mitigation activities and the acceptance of significant risks, where appropriate.
in addition to the aforementioned committees, northern trust deploys business and regional risk committees that also report into gerc.
74 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk identification and risk management process northern trust utilizes a risk classification system called the "risk universe" to identify and classify the risks that it inherently faces and a "risk inventory" in which such risks are defined and maintained to support granular and dynamic risk identification. the risk universe and risk inventory form the basis of common risk language and provide a consistent framework for the definition and categorization of risk and the organization of risk management activities. the risk universe and risk inventory support risk management at all levels and enable risks to be clearly and consistently identified, categorized, assessed, managed and reported to line management, corporate risk and committees.
as part of the integrated enterprise risk framework, northern trust has established four key processes as described below.
risk appetite: northern trust defines the organization's risk appetite as the amount and types of risk that it is willing to assume in its exposures and business activities to achieve its strategic and financial objectives. risk appetite is a methodology to measure northern trust's willingness to take risk and reflects northern trust's tolerance of certain levels of risk exposures as measured at the enterprise and business level, as applicable. northern trust's corporate risk appetite statement reflects northern trust's expectation that risk is consciously considered as part of day-to-day activities and strategic decisions. northern trust manages its business activities consistent with the risk appetite statement, in which specific guidelines are detailed for credit, operational, fiduciary, compliance, market, liquidity, and strategic risk. communication and enforcement of the corporate risk appetite statement occurs through written policies and risk assessment processes within risk practices, business units, regions and legal entities, supporting alignment of risk-taking decisions with applicable aspects of the corporate risk appetite statement.
gerc reviews the measurement and assessment of risk within the corporation and against northern trust's corporate risk appetite statement. when appropriate, gerc addresses emerging risk issues and directs risk mitigation actions.
assessment of risks: northern trust's risk assessment process consists of a series of programs that identify, manage and measure risks in line with northern trust's corporate risk appetite statement and guidelines. risk assessments are performed on a regular basis by business risk management and facilitated by the risk management function. the risk assessment process draws on the input of management, staff and risk personnel across the business, focusing on the inherent drivers of risk, the effectiveness of controls and the resulting residual risks.
risk management embedding: risk management processes extend beyond risk assessment and measurement, and are embedded in strategic and business planning and decision-making. although the risk management function sets the direction for northern trust's risk management activities, northern trust's businesses are the first line of defense for protecting it against the risks inherent in its businesses and are supported by dedicated business risk management teams.
risk reporting, review and communication: the risk reporting, review and communication process produces risk reports that provide updates on the risk profile, performance against risk guidelines and thresholds, and analysis and trend information, all of which highlight top and emerging risks for management and the board. risk reporting includes a robust escalation process to alert senior management of significant issues.
risk control risk control is an internal, independent review function within the risk management function. risk control is managed by the chief risk control officer and is comprised of the following groups, each with its own risk focus and oversight. the business risk committee oversees risk control and each of the groups below.
model risk management financial and risk modeling are used by northern trust to inform numerous decisions regarding risk management, as well as capital estimation, financial reporting and disclosure, valuation and pricing and portfolio management. model risk may result from decisions based on models that produce incorrect results or models that are improperly used. model risk management is responsible for the implementation and management of the enterprise-wide model risk framework and independently validating new models and reviewing and re-validating existing models. validations are documented and include an assessment of the conceptual soundness of the modeling approach, outcomes analysis, applicability of use, model assumptions and limitations, development documentation, ongoing monitoring and model controls. oversight of model risk management is provided by the mroc.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 75
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations credit review credit review provides an independent, ongoing assessment of credit exposure and related credit risk management processes across northern trust. the scope of credit review activities includes all client-related transactions that give rise to credit exposure and processes that are designed to manage or monitor such exposure. credit exposure includes credit risk inherent in the entire portfolio, as well as individual credits or transactions in the form of direct outstandings, potential exposure and contingent liabilities that are on- or off-balance sheet.
global compliance testing and independent verification global compliance testing evaluates the effectiveness of procedures and controls designed to comply with relevant laws and regulations, as well as corresponding northern trust policies governing regulatory compliance activities. global compliance testing identifies weaknesses that could result in regulatory compliance violations or risks to northern trust's businesses and monitors action plans designed to mitigate those weaknesses. oversight of global compliance testing activities is provided by the compliance & ethics oversight committee. also included is an independent verification program that promotes rigor and accuracy in northern trust's ongoing compliance with basel iii requirements and adherence to enhanced prudential standards, including liquidity stress testing. the program independently verifies northern trust's advanced systems in order to comply with the qualification requirements related to the advanced internal ratings based and advanced measurement approaches. in addition, independent verification performs conceptual soundness evaluations of proposed changes to the bank's advanced systems prior to notification to regulatory authorities as required in basel coordination committee bulletin 14-2. the independent verification program assesses the effectiveness of the credit risk, operational risk, and market risk frameworks. the independent verification team presents an annual assessment report of its findings to the business risk committee, which is required to review and approve the effectiveness of northern trust's advanced systems on an annual basis.
audit services audit services is an independent control function that assesses and validates controls within northern trust's enterprise risk management framework. audit services is managed by the general auditor with oversight from the audit committee. audit services tests the overall adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal controls associated with the advanced systems on an ongoing basis and reports the results of these audits directly to the audit committee. audit services includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise. the general auditor reports directly to the audit committee and the corporation's chief executive officer.
credit risk credit risk is the risk to interest income or principal from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to perform on an obligation.
credit risk overview credit risk is inherent in many of northern trust's activities. a significant component of credit risk relates to loans, leases, securities, and counterparty-related exposures. northern trust's loan portfolio differs significantly from those of other large u.s. financial institutions as it is generally more conservative in terms of credit risk. in particular, northern trust is generally:
•   not an originator of loan products to be sold into a secondary market or to be bundled into asset securitizations;
•   not an agent bank or syndicator of loans, where risk management is achieved post-close through the sale of participations; and
•   not a participant in leveraged financial transactions, such as project finance, private-equity-originated acquisition financing or hedge fund leveraging.
credit risk framework and governance the credit risk management function is the focal point of the credit risk framework and, while independent of the businesses, it works closely with them to achieve the goal of assuring proactive management of credit risk. to monitor and control credit risk, the credit risk management function maintains a framework that consists of policies, standards, and practices designed to promote a conservative credit culture. this function also monitors adherence to corporate policies, standards, and external regulations.
the credit risk management function provides a system of checks and balances for northern trust's diverse credit-related activities by monitoring these activities and practices and promoting their uniform application throughout northern trust. these activities are designed to diversify credit exposure on an industry and client basis and reduce overall credit risk.
76 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the credit risk framework provides authorities for approval of the extension of credit. individual credit authority for commercial and personal loans is limited to specified amounts and maturities. credit requests exceeding individual authority because of amount, rating, term or other conditions, are referred to the relevant group credit approval committee. credit decisions involving exposure in excess of these limits require the approval of the senior credit committee.
the capital markets credit committee has sole credit authority for the approval, modification, or renewal of credit exposure to all wholesale market counterparties.
the chief credit officer reports directly to the cro. independent oversight and review of the credit risk framework is provided by risk control.
credit risk measurement an integral component of credit risk measurement is northern trust's internal risk rating system. northern trust's internal risk rating system enables identification, measurement, approval and monitoring of credit risk. northern trust uses the advanced internal rating based approach to calculate regulatory capital using regulatory formulas and exposure level risk information from northern trust's internal rating system. calculations include entity-specific information about the obligor's or counterparty's probability of default and exposure-specific information about loss given default, exposure at default and maturity. northern trust's internal risk rating system is intended to rank its credit risk without any modeled linkage to external credit ratings.
the credit risk management function is responsible for the ongoing oversight of each model that supports the internal risk-rating system. this oversight includes the development, monitoring and maintenance of the models, as well as providing information to the credit risk committee to support model approval and monitoring of ongoing model performance. independent model governance and oversight is further supported by the activities of risk control.
loans and other extensions of credit a significant component of credit risk relates to the loan portfolio, including contractual obligations such as legally binding commitments to extend credit, commercial letters of credit, and standby letters of credit. these contractual obligations and arrangements are discussed in the "off-balance-sheet arrangements" section and in note 27, "off-balance-sheet financial instruments," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
as part of its credit process, northern trust utilizes an internal borrower risk rating system to support identification, approval, and monitoring of credit risk. borrower risk ratings are used in credit underwriting, management reporting, setting of loss allowances, and capital calculations. borrower risk ratings are discussed further in note 6, "loans and leases," to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data."
the credit risk management function oversees a range of portfolio reviews that focus on significant and/or weaker-rated credits. this approach allows management to take remedial action in an effort to deal with potential problems. in addition, independent from the credit risk management function, credit review undertakes both on-site and off-site file reviews that evaluate effectiveness of management's implementation of the credit risk management's requirements.
northern trust maintains a loan portfolio watch list for adversely classified credit exposures. these credits, which include all nonperforming credits, are expected to exhibit minimally acceptable probabilities of default, elevated risk of default, or are currently in default. loans outstanding to watch list borrowers associated with these risk profiles that are not currently in default but have limited financial flexibility totaled $229.6 million at december 31, 2016. cash flows and capital levels range from acceptable to potentially insufficient to meet current requirements and borrowers typically have minimal cushion in adverse down cycle scenarios. an integral part of the credit risk management function is a formal review of past due and potential problem loans to determine which credits, if any, need to be placed on nonperforming status or charged off.
counterparty credit risk counterparty credit risk for northern trust primarily arises from over-the-counter (otc) currency and interest rate derivatives and from indemnified securities lending transactions, which in turn are derived from a variety of funding, treasury, trading and custody-related activities. credit exposure to counterparties is managed by use of a framework for setting limits by product type and exposure tenor.
to calculate exposure, northern trust treats repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and indemnified securities lending transactions as repo-style transactions. foreign exchange exposures and interest rate derivatives are treated as otc derivatives. the exposure at default measurement methodology for each eligible type of counterparty credit exposure, including the use of netting and collateral as risk mitigants, is determined based on operational requirements, the characteristics of the contract type and the portfolio size and complexity.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 77
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations credit risk mitigation northern trust considers cash flow to be the primary source of repayment for client-related credit exposures. however, northern trust employs several different types of credit risk mitigants to manage its overall credit risk in the event cash flow is not sufficient to repay a credit exposure. northern trust has policies in place to ensure that credit risk mitigation is appropriately recognized, recorded and monitored. recognition of credit risk mitigants in capital estimations is dependent upon the form of mitigation. northern trust broadly groups its risk mitigation techniques into the following three primary categories.
physical and financial collateral: northern trust's primary risk mitigation approaches include the requirement of collateral and/or documented guarantees. liquidation of collateral that is securing credit risk exposures is considered in northern trust's estimation of loss given default. residential and commercial real estate exposures are typically secured by properly margined mortgages on the property. in cases where loans to commercial or certain wealth management clients are secured by marketable securities, the daily values of the securities are monitored closely to ensure adherence to collateral coverage policies. the frequency of collateral valuation increases commensurate with the volatility of the collateral's value.
netting: on-balance-sheet netting is employed on a limited basis. netting is primarily related to foreign exchange transactions with major banks and institutional clients subject to eligible master netting agreements. a sub-set of these arrangements are conducted under an international swaps and derivatives association credit support annex. northern trust has elected to take the credit risk mitigation capital benefit of netting within its regulatory capital calculation at this time.
guarantees: personal and corporate guarantees are often taken to facilitate potential collection efforts and to protect northern trust's claims relative to other creditors. northern trust may also recognize "implied support," where the commitment provided is less than that of a legally enforceable guarantee, in its assignment of borrower probability of default as permitted under u.s. supervisory guidance. northern trust has elected not to take the credit risk mitigation capital benefit of guarantors within its regulatory capital calculation at this time.
another important risk management practice is the avoidance of undue concentrations of exposure, such as in any single (or small number of related) obligor/counterparty, loan type, industry, geography, country or risk mitigant. processes are in place to establish limits on certain concentrations and the monitoring of adherence to the limits.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss from inadequate or failed internal processes, human factors and systems, or from external events.
operational risk overview operational risk is inherent in each of northern trust's businesses and corporate functions and reflects the potential for inadequate information systems, operating problems, product design and delivery difficulties, potential legal actions, or catastrophes to result in losses. operational risk includes:
•   execution, delivery and process management risk;
•   risk resulting from business disruption and system failures;
•   risk of damage to physical assets;
•   risk resulting from clients, products and business practices;
•   employment practice and workplace safety risk;
•   internal fraud risk;
•   external fraud risk;
•   compliance risk;
•   fiduciary risk; and
•   legal risk.
78 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations operational risk includes compliance, fiduciary and legal risks, which under the corporation's risk structure are governed and managed explicitly.
to monitor and control operational risk, northern trust maintains a framework that consists of risk management policies, programs and practices designed to promote a sound operational environment.
northern trust's operational risk management strategy is to:
•   align the operational risk framework with evolving business and industry practice and with regulatory requirements;
•   identify, assess and mitigate risks inherent in business strategies;
•   promote risk awareness and foster a proactive risk management environment within each business; and
•   report key topics and developments to senior governance bodies.
the goal of these activities is to keep the operational risk profile and losses within the board-approved corporate risk appetite statement and guidelines.
the operational risk management function is responsible for defining the operational risk framework and providing independent oversight of the framework across northern trust. it is the responsibility of each business to implement the corporate-wide operational risk framework as well as business specific risk management programs to identify, monitor, measure, and manage operational risk and mitigate northern trust's exposure to loss. risk control provides independent oversight and review of the operational risk framework.
operational risk framework and governance the orc is responsible for overseeing the activities of northern trust related to the management of operational risk. this committee has the expanded role of coordinating operational risk issues related to compliance and fiduciary risks. the purpose of this committee is to provide executive management's insight and guidance to the management of existing and emerging operational risks.
the orc is responsible for setting the corporate operational risk management policy and approving the operational risk framework and programs that support the coordination of operational risk activities to identify, monitor, measure, manage and report on operational risk. in addition, the orc serves as an escalation point for significant issues raised by its programs.
operational risk is identified, monitored, measured, managed and reported through the operational risk framework. the framework is deployed consistently and globally across all businesses and its objective is to identify and measure the factors that impact risk and drive action to reduce future loss events. several key programs support the operational risk framework, including:
•   loss event data program - a program that collects loss data for use in monitoring operational risk exposure, various business analyses and a basel advanced management approach (ama) capital quantification. both internal and external loss data are used in the operational risk capital quantification. thresholds drive analysis, action and escalation through northern trust's businesses and the operational risk management function.
•   risk and control self-assessment - a structured risk management process used by northern trust's businesses to analyze the risks that are present in their respective business environments, processes and activities and to assess the adequacy of associated internal controls.
•   operational risk scenario analysis - a systematic process of obtaining expert opinions from business managers and risk management experts to derive reasoned assessments of the likelihood of occurrence and the potential loss impact of plausible high-severity operational losses. this process facilitates management's consideration of operational risk to which the business is exposed and the potential impact and response to such events.
•   product and process risk management program - a program used for evaluating and managing risks associated with the introduction of new and modified noncredit products and services, significant changes to operating processes, and related significant loss events.
•   outsourcing risk management program - a program that provides processes for appropriate risk assessment, measurement, monitoring and management of outsourced technology and business process outsourcing.
•   business process transition risk management program - a program designed to effectively manage the risk associated with transitioning and migrating business processes to different geographic or jurisdictional locations within the organization.
•   information security and technology risk management - a program that communicates and implements compliance and risk management processes and controls to address information security and technology risks to the organization.
•   significant new business opportunity - a program that assesses the resource requirements, impact on systems and controls, and other risk factors prior to taking on significant new business.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 79
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•   scalability &amp; capacity assessment review - a program that provides a mechanism for identifying scalability and/or capacity constraints within northern trust's business areas and their ability to take on change, whether driven by new business, strategic projects, market volatility or regulatory change.
•   business continuity management program - a program designed to minimize business impact and support the resumption of mission critical functions for clients following an incident.
•   physical security - a program that provides for the safety of northern trust partners, clients, and visitors worldwide by setting and enforcing standards, providing training, establishing partnerships, and encouraging continual improvement in workplace security.
•   insurance management program - a program designed to reduce the monetary impact of certain operational loss events.
as discussed in risk control, model risk management also is part of the operational risk framework.
operational risk measurement northern trust utilizes the ama capital quantification process to estimate required capital for the corporation and applicable u.s. banking subsidiaries. northern trust's ama capital quantification process incorporates outputs from the loss event data, risk and control self-assessment and operational risk scenario analysis programs to derive required capital. while internal loss data is the foundation for the capital quantification, external loss event data and qualitative risk and control self-assessments are also utilized to inform the creation of scenario analysis data employed in the capital quantification process. business environment factor information is used to estimate loss frequency. the ama capital quantification process uses a loss distribution approach methodology to combine frequency and severity distributions to arrive at an estimate of the potential aggregate loss at the 99.9th percentile of the aggregate loss distribution over a one-year time horizon.
information security northern trust's approach to information security begins at a governance level with an organizational structure which reflects support from executive management and includes risk committees comprised of members from across northern trust's businesses. in addition, technology risk is mitigated not only through a strong governance process, but also internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep risk at levels appropriate to northern trust's overall risk appetite and the inherent risk in the markets in which northern trust operates. the desired control environment is expressed through northern trust's policies, standards and guidelines that together define its tolerance for risk. each business is responsible for complying with these policies, standards and guidelines, as well as external regulations. where appropriate, these policies, standards and guidelines contain limits and benchmarks to facilitate the measurement, monitoring and reporting of risk.
effective management of information and technology risk is crucial in an environment of increasing threat and requires a structured approach to establish and communicate expectations and required practices. northern trust employees are responsible for promoting information security and following sound technology risk management practices as well as adhering to applicable policies and standards and other means provided to them to safeguard electronic information and business systems within their care. training and awareness programs to educate employees on information security are on-going and include multiple approaches such as mandatory computer based training. in cases where northern trust relies on vendors to perform services, controls are routinely reviewed for alignment with industry standards and their ability to protect information. any findings identified are remediated following a risk-based approach.
in addition to the various information security controls managed and monitored within the organization, northern trust uses external third party security teams on a regular basis to assess effectiveness.  these teams perform security program maturity assessments, penetration tests, security assessments and reviews of northern trust's susceptibility to social engineering attacks such as spear phishing. northern trust operates a global security operations center for threat identification and response. this center aggregates security threat information from systems and platforms across the business, and alerts the organization in accordance with its documented cyber incident response plan.
business resiliency northern trust's business resiliency approach encompasses business continuity and disaster recovery processes enterprise-wide (including staff, technology and facilities) to ensure that following a disaster or business interruption northern trust resumes mission-critical business functions and fulfills all regulatory and legal requirements.
northern trust's business resiliency mitigation and preventative measures include sophisticated physical security, resilient designs and peer capacity for its corporate data centers, a highly redundant global network, robust network security, resiliency centers that offer alternative workstations, and transfer of work and work-from-home programs that provide further capability by allowing staff to work from home.
80 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations all of northern trust's businesses are required to regularly risk-assess their critical functions and develop business continuity plans covering resource requirements (people, systems, vendor relationships and other assets), arrangements for obtaining these resources and prioritizing the resumption of each function in compliance with corporate standards. the strength of the business continuity programs of all critical third-party vendors to northern trust are reviewed on a regular basis. all of northern trust's businesses test their plans at least annually.
the orc annually reviews and presents the corporate business continuity plan to the business risk committee.
fiduciary risk fiduciary risks are risks arising from the failure, in administering or managing financial and other assets in clients' fiduciary accounts: i) to adhere to a fiduciary standard of care if required under the terms of governing documents or applicable laws; or ii) to properly discharge fiduciary duties. fiduciary status may hinge on the nature of a particular function being performed and fiduciary standards may vary by jurisdiction, type of relationship and governing document.
fiduciary risk overview the fiduciary risk management program identifies, assesses, measures and monitors fiduciary risk. fiduciary risk is mitigated through internal controls and risk management practices that are designed to identify, understand and keep such risk at levels consistent with the organization's overall risk appetite while also managing the inherent risk in each relationship for which northern trust serves in a fiduciary capacity. each business is responsible for complying with all corporate policies and external regulations and for establishing specific procedures, standards and guidelines to manage fiduciary risk within the desired risk appetite level.  each business also is expected to establish procedures for enhanced review in the event a product or relationship involves unique or more complex fiduciary risks. the corporate fiduciary risk program framework utilizes existing corporate and business risk management tools to measure and guide the assessment of fiduciary risk in the businesses.
fiduciary risk framework and governance the frc is responsible for establishing and reviewing the fiduciary risk policies and establishing the fiduciary risk framework, governance and programs that support the coordination of fiduciary risk activities to identify, monitor, manage and report on fiduciary risk. at frc meetings, senior management reviews and discusses fiduciary risks including existing and emerging issues. in addition, the frc serves as an escalation point for significant issues raised by its subcommittees or elsewhere in the organization.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, other regulatory requirements, or codes of conduct and other standards of self-regulatory organizations applicable to northern trust. compliance risk includes the following two subcategories:
•   regulatory risk - risk arising from failure to comply with prudential and conduct of business or other regulatory requirements.
•   financial crime risk - risk arising from financial crime (e.g., money laundering, sanctions violations, fraud, insider dealing, theft, etc.) in relation to the products, services, or accounts of the institution, its clients, or others associated with the same.
compliance risk framework and governance the compliance risk management framework identifies, assesses, controls, measures, monitors and reports on compliance risk. the framework is designed to minimize compliance risk and maintain an environment in which criminal or regulatory violations do not occur. the framework includes a comprehensive governance structure and a compliance and ethics program approved by the business risk committee.
each business is responsible for the implementation and effectiveness of the compliance and ethics program and specific compliance policies within their respective businesses. each business is responsible for its respective employees' compliance with corporate policies and external regulations and for establishing specific procedures, standards and guidelines to manage compliance risk in accordance with northern trust's compliance and ethics program.
the compliance and ethics oversight committee establishes and monitors adherence to northern trust's compliance and ethics program. the chief compliance and ethics officer reports to the business risk committee as appropriate and chairs the compliance and ethics oversight committee.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 81
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations market risk there are two types of market risk, interest rate risk and market risk. interest rate risk is the potential for movements in interest rates to cause changes in net interest income and the market value of equity. trading risk is the potential for movements in market variables such as foreign exchange and interest rates to cause changes in the value of trading positions.
market risk framework and governance northern trust maintains a market risk framework consisting of risk management policies, programs and practices to keep the market risk profile within the board-approved corporate risk appetite statement. all market risk activities are overseen by the risk management function, which is independent of the businesses undertaking the activities.
exposure limits for market risk are set by the board and committee structures have been established to implement and monitor adherence to corporate policies, external regulations and established procedures. alco and the market and liquidity risk committee (mlrc) provide oversight and are responsible for developing the market risk management framework and programs that support the coordination of market risk activities to identify, monitor, manage and report on market risk. at alco and mlrc meetings, senior management reviews and discusses northern trust's market risk profile as well as various scenario analyses. alco and mlrc establish and monitor guidelines based on measures such as net interest income (nii) sensitivity, market value of equity (mve), var and notional position sizes.
interest rate risk overview interest rate risk is the risk to nii, associated with the balance sheet, or value of equity due to changes in interest rates. changes in interest rates can have a positive or negative impact on nii depending on the positioning of assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet instruments. changes in interest rates also can impact the values of assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet positions, which indirectly impact the market value of equity. to mitigate interest rate risk, the structure of the balance sheet is managed so that movements of interest rates on assets and liabilities (adjusted for hedges) are highly correlated, which allows northern trust's interest-bearing assets and liabilities to contribute to nii even in periods of volatile interest rates.
there are four commonly recognized types of interest rate risk:
•   repricing, which arises from differences in the maturity and repricing terms of assets and liabilities;
•   yield curve, which arises from changes in the shape of the yield curve;
•   basis, which arises from the changing relationships between rates earned and paid on different financial instruments with otherwise similar repricing characteristics; and
•   embedded optionality, which arises from client or counterparty behavior in response to interest rate changes.
interest rate risk measurement, reporting and analysis northern trust uses two primary measurement techniques to manage interest rate risk: nii sensitivity and mve sensitivity. simulation of nii provides management with a short-term view of the impact of interest rate changes on nii. simulation of mve provides management with a long-term view of interest rate changes on mve as of the period-end balance sheet. both simulation models use the same initial market interest rates and product balances. these two techniques, which are performed monthly, are complementary and are used in concert to provide a comprehensive interest rate risk management capability.
nii sensitivity the modeling of nii sensitivity incorporates on-balance-sheet positions, as well as derivative financial instruments (principally interest rate swaps) that are used to manage interest rate risk. northern trust uses market implied forward interest rates as the base case and measures the sensitivity (i.e. change) of a static balance sheet to changes in interest rates. stress testing of interest rates is performed to include such scenarios as immediate parallel shocks to rates, nonparallel (i.e. twist) changes to yield curves that result in their becoming steeper or flatter, and changes to the relationship among the yield curves (i.e. basis risk).
the nii sensitivity analysis incorporates certain critical assumptions such as interest rates, balance sheet changes, and client behaviors under changing rate environments. these assumptions are based on a combination of historical analysis and future expected pricing behavior. the simulation cannot precisely estimate nii sensitivity given uncertainty in the assumptions; therefore, there could be a change in nii sensitivity to the extent that actual behavior differs from that assumed. the following key assumptions are incorporated into the simulation:
82 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•   the balance sheet size and mix generally remains constant over the simulation horizon with maturing assets and liabilities replaced with instruments with similar terms as those that are maturing, with the exception of certain products such as securities (the assumed reinvestment of which is determined by management's strategies); non-maturity deposits, of which some recent increases are assumed to be temporary in nature; and long-term fixed rate borrowings, which upon maturity are replaced with overnight wholesale instruments;
•   prepayments on mortgage loans and securities collateralized by mortgages are projected under each rate scenario using a third-party mortgage analytics system that incorporates market prepayment assumptions;
•   cash flows for structured securities are estimated using a third-party vendor in conjunction with the prepayments provided by the third-party mortgage analytics vendor;
•   non-maturity deposit pricing and lives are projected based on northern trust's actual historical patterns and management judgment, depending upon the availability of historical data and current pricing strategies/or judgment; and
•   new business rates are based on current spreads to market indices.
the following table shows the estimated nii impact over the next twelve months of 100 and 200 basis point upward movements in interest rates relative to forward rates. each rate movement is assumed to occur gradually over a one-year period. given the low level of interest rates, the simulation of nii for rates 100 and 200 basis points lower would not provide meaningful results.
table 40: net interest income sensitivity
($ in millions)                                                   increase/(decrease) estimated impact onnext twelve monthsof net interest income increase in interest rates above market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                                                                                              $28
200 basis points                                                                                                                               40
the nii sensitivity analysis does not incorporate any management actions that may be used to mitigate negative consequences of actual interest rate movement. for that reason and others, they do not reflect the likely actual results but serve as conservative estimates of interest rate risk. nii sensitivity is not comparable to actual results disclosed elsewhere or directly predictive of future values of other measures provided.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 83
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations mve sensitivity mve is defined as the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities, net of the value of instruments that are used to manage the interest rate risk of balance sheet items. the potential effect of interest rate changes on mve is derived from the impact of such changes on projected future cash flows and the present value of these cash flows and is then compared to the established limit. northern trust uses current market rates (and the future rates implied by these market rates) as the base case and measures mve sensitivity under various rate scenarios. stress testing of interest rates is performed to include such scenarios as immediate parallel shocks to rates, nonparallel (i.e. twist) changes to yield curves that result in their becoming steeper or flatter, and changes to the relationship among the yield curves (i.e. basis risk).
the mve sensitivity analysis incorporates certain critical assumptions such as interest rates and client behaviors under changing rate environments. these assumptions are based on a combination of historical analysis and future expected pricing behavior. the simulation cannot precisely estimate mve sensitivity given uncertainty in the assumptions; therefore, there could be a change in mve sensitivity to the extent that actual behavior differs from the incorporated assumptions. many of the assumptions that apply to nii sensitivity also apply to mve sensitivity simulations, with the following separate key assumptions incorporated into the mve simulation:
•   the present value of nonmaturity deposits are estimated using remaining lives, which are based on a combination of northern trust's actual historical runoff patterns and management judgment - some balances are assumed to be core and have long lives while other balances are assumed to be temporary and have comparatively shorter lives; and
•   the present values of most noninterest-related balances (such as receivables, equipment, and payables) are the same as their book values.
the following table shows the estimated impact on mve of 100 and 200 basis point shocks up from current market implied forward rates. given the low level of interest rates and assumed interest rate floors as rates approach zero, the simulation of mve for rates 100 or 200 basis points lower would not provide meaningful results.
table 41: market value of equity sensitivity december 31, 2016
($ in millions)                                                                         increase/(decrease)
estimated impact onmarket value ofequity increase in interest rates above market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                                                       $321
200 basis points                                                                                        325
the mve simulations do not incorporate any management actions that may be used to mitigate negative consequences of actual interest rate movements. for that reason and others, they do not reflect the likely actual results but serve as conservative estimates of interest rate risk. mve sensitivity is not comparable to actual results disclosed elsewhere or directly predictive of future values of other measures provided.
interest rate risk monitoring northern trust limits aggregate interest rate risk (as measured by the nii sensitivity and mve sensitivity simulation techniques) to an acceptable level within the context of risk/return trade-offs. a variety of actions may be used to implement risk management strategies to modify interest rate risk including:
•   purchase of securities;
•   sale of securities that are classified as available for sale;
•   issuance of senior notes and subordinated notes;
•   collateralized borrowings from the federal home loan bank;
•   placing and taking eurodollar time deposits; and
•   hedges with various types of derivative financial instruments.
northern trust strives to use the most effective instruments for implementing its interest rate risk management strategies, considering the costs, liquidity, collateral and capital requirements of the various alternatives and the risk-return trade-offs. during the year ended december 31, 2016, northern trust did not exceed its nii sensitivity limits or its mve sensitivity limits.
84 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations foreign currency risk overview northern trust's balance sheet is exposed to non-trading foreign currency risk as a result of its holdings of non-u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities, investment in non-u.s. subsidiaries, and future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense. to manage currency exposures on the balance sheet, northern trust attempts to match its assets and liabilities by currency. if those currency offsets do not exist on the balance sheet, northern trust will use foreign exchange derivative contracts to mitigate its currency exposure. foreign exchange contracts are also used to reduce northern trust's currency exposure to future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense.
in addition, northern trust provides foreign exchange services to clients. most of these services are provided in connection with northern trust's growing global custody business. in the normal course of business northern trust also engages in trading of non-u.s. currencies for its own account. both activities are considered trading activities. the primary market risk associated with global foreign exchange trading activities is foreign exchange risk.
foreign currency trading positions exist when aggregate obligations to purchase and sell a currency other than the u.s. dollar do not offset each other in amount, or offset each other over different time periods.
foreign currency risk measurement northern trust measures daily the risk of loss associated with all non-u.s. currency positions using a var model and applying the historical simulation methodology. this statistical model provides estimates, based on a variety of high confidence levels, of the potential loss in value that might be incurred if an adverse shift in non-u.s. currency exchange rates were to occur over a small number of days. the model incorporates foreign currency and interest rate volatilities and correlations in price movements among the currencies. var is computed for each trading desk and for the global portfolio.
var measures are computed in a vended software application which reads foreign exchange positions from northern trust's trading systems each day. data vendors provide foreign exchange rates and interest rates for all currencies. the risk management function monitors on a daily basis var model inputs and outputs for reasonableness.
foreign currency risk monitoring, reporting and analysis northern trust monitors several variations of the foreign exchange var measures to meet specific regulatory and internal management needs. variations include different methodologies (historical, variance-covariance and monte carlo), equally-weighted and exponentially-weighted volatilities, horizons of one day and ten days, confidence levels ranging from 95% to 99.95% and look back periods of one year and four years. those alternative measures provide management a rich array of corroborating metrics and alternative perspectives on northern trust's market risks.
automated daily reports are produced and distributed to business managers and risk managers. the risk management function also reviews and reports several variations of the var measures in historical time series format to provide management with a historical perspective on risk.
the table below presents the levels of total regulatory var and its subcomponents for global foreign currency in the years indicated below, based on the historical simulation methodology, a 99% confidence level, a one-day horizon and equally weighted volatility. the total var for foreign currency is typically less than the sum of its two components due to diversification benefits derived from the two subcomponents.
table 42: foreign currency value-at-risk
($ in millions)                total var (spot and forward)                 foreign exchange spot var              foreign exchange forward var as of december 31          2016                 2015                 2016                 2015                 2016                 2015
high                       $1.4                 $0.6                 $1.5                 $0.5                 $0.7                 $0.5
low                         0.1                  0.1                    -                    -                  0.1                  0.1
average                     0.3                  0.3                  0.1                  0.2                  0.3                  0.3
year-end                    1.4                  0.3                  1.5                  0.1                  0.2                  0.3
during 2016 and 2015, northern trust did not incur an actual trading loss in excess of the daily value at risk estimate.
other nonmaterial trading activities market risk associated with other trading activities is negligible. northern trust's broker-dealer, northern trust securities, inc., maintains a small portfolio of trading securities held for customer accommodation purposes which averaged $0.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
northern trust is also party to interest rate derivative contracts consisting mostly of interest rate swaps entered into to meet clients' interest rate management needs, but also including a small number of caps, floors, and swaptions (an option to enter into an interest rate swap). all interest rate derivative transactions are executed by the treasury department. when
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 85
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations northern trust enters into client transactions, its practice is to mitigate the resulting market risk with offsetting interbank derivative transactions with matching terms and maturities.
strategic risk strategic risk is the long-term risk to earnings or capital from adverse effects of business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions, unexpected external events or damage to northern trust's reputation from negative public opinion. strategic risk includes the following three subcategories:
business risk: the risk arising from the general economic conditions and external factors in which northern trust operates that could adversely affect its revenues, profits and or capital;
strategy risk: the long-term risk to earnings or capital from adverse effects of business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions and unexpected external events; and reputation risk: the risk arising from negative perception on the part of clients, counterparties, stockholders, investors, debt holders, market analysts, regulators, staff, or other relevant parties that adversely affects northern trust's ability to conduct its business or to access sources of funding.
gerc and the business risk committee are responsible for reviewing the general methods, guidelines and policies by which northern trust monitors and controls strategic risk.
forward-looking statements this report may include statements which constitute "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. forward-looking statements are identified typically by words or phrases such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "estimate," "project," "likely," "plan," "goal," "target," "strategy," and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as "may," "will," "should," "would," and "could." forward-looking statements include statements, other than those related to historical facts, that relate to northern trust's financial results and outlook, capital adequacy, dividend policy, accounting estimates and assumptions, credit quality including allowance levels, future pension plan contributions, anticipated tax benefits, anticipated expense levels, spending related to technology and regulatory initiatives, risk management policies, contingent liabilities, strategic initiatives, industry trends, and expectations regarding the impact of recent legislation and accounting pronouncements. these statements are based on northern trust's current beliefs and expectations of future events or future results, and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict and subject to change. these statements are also based on assumptions about many important factors, including:
•   financial market disruptions or economic recession, whether in the united states, europe, the middle east, asia or other regions;
•   volatility or changes in financial markets, including debt and equity markets, that impact the value, liquidity, or credit ratings of financial assets in general, or financial assets held in particular investment funds or client portfolios, including those funds, portfolios, and other financial assets with respect to which northern trust has taken, or may in the future take, actions to provide asset value stability or additional liquidity;
•   the impact of equity markets on fee revenue;
•   the downgrade of u.s. government-issued and other securities;
•   changes in foreign exchange trading client volumes and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in the valuation of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which northern trust records revenue or accrues expenses, and northern trust's success in assessing and mitigating the risks arising from all such changes and volatility;
•   a decline in the value of securities held in northern trust's investment portfolio, particularly asset-backed securities, the liquidity and pricing of which may be negatively impacted by periods of economic turmoil and financial market disruptions;
•   northern trust's ability to address operating risks, including cyber-security or data security breach risks, human errors or omissions, pricing or valuation of securities, fraud, systems performance or defects, systems interruptions, and breakdowns in processes or internal controls;
•   northern trust's success in responding to and investing in changes and advancements in technology;
•   a significant downgrade of any of northern trust's debt ratings;
•   the health and soundness of the financial institutions and other counterparties with which northern trust conducts business;
86 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
•   uncertainties inherent in the complex and subjective judgments required to assess credit risk and establish appropriate allowances therefor;
•   the pace and extent of continued globalization of investment activity and growth in worldwide financial assets;
•   changes in interest rates or in the monetary or other policies of various regulatory authorities or central banks;
•   changes in the legal, regulatory and enforcement framework and oversight applicable to financial institutions, including changes that may affect leverage limits and risk-based capital and liquidity requirements, require financial institutions to pay higher assessments, expose financial institutions to certain liabilities of their subsidiary depository institutions, or restrict or increase the regulation of certain activities carried on by financial institutions, including northern trust;
•   increased costs of compliance and other risks associated with changes in regulation, the current regulatory environment, and areas of increased regulatory emphasis and oversight in the united states and other countries, such as anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, and client privacy;
•   failure to satisfy regulatory standards or to obtain regulatory approvals when required, including for the use and distribution of capital;
•   changes in tax laws, accounting requirements or interpretations and other legislation in the united states or other countries that could affect northern trust or its clients;
•   geopolitical risks and the risks of extraordinary events such as natural disasters, terrorist events and war, and the responses of the united states and other countries to those events;
•   the referendum held in the united kingdom in which voters approved a departure from the european union, commonly referred to as "brexit," and any negative effects thereof on global economic conditions, global financial markets, and our business and results of operations;
•   changes in the nature and activities of northern trust's competition;
•   northern trust's success in maintaining existing business and continuing to generate new business in existing and targeted markets and its ability to deploy deposits in a profitable manner consistent with its liquidity requirements;
•   northern trust's ability to address the complex needs of a global client base and manage compliance with legal, tax, regulatory and other requirements;
•   northern trust's ability to maintain a product mix that achieves acceptable margins;
•   northern trust's ability to continue to generate investment results that satisfy clients and to develop an array of investment products;
•   northern trust's success in recruiting and retaining the necessary personnel to support business growth and expansion and maintain sufficient expertise to support increasingly complex products and services;
•   northern trust's success in controlling expenses and implementing revenue enhancement initiatives;
•   uncertainties inherent in northern trust's assumptions concerning its pension plan, including discount rates and expected contributions, returns and payouts;
•   northern trust's success in improving risk management practices and controls and managing risks inherent in its businesses, including credit risk, operational risk, market and liquidity risk, fiduciary risk, compliance risk and strategic risk;
•   risks and uncertainties inherent in the litigation and regulatory process, including the possibility that losses may be in excess of northern trust's recorded liability and estimated range of possible loss for litigation exposures;
•   risks associated with being a holding company, including northern trust's dependence on dividends from its principal subsidiary;
•   the risk of damage to northern trust's reputation which may undermine the confidence of clients, counterparties, rating agencies, and stockholders; and
•   other factors identified elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including those factors described in item 1a, "risk factors," and other filings with the sec, all of which are available on northern trust's website.
actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. the information contained herein is current only as of the date of that information. all forward-looking statements included in this document are based upon information presently available, and northern trust assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements.
2016 annual report | northern trust corporation 87
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation to fully taxable equivalent the following table presents a reconciliation of interest income, net interest income, net interest margin, and total revenue prepared in accordance with gaap to such measures on an fte basis, which are non-gaap financial measures. management believes this presentation provides a clearer indication of these financial measures for comparative purposes. when adjusted to an fte basis, yields on taxable, nontaxable and partially taxable assets are comparable; however, the adjustment to an fte basis has no impact on net income.
table 43: reconciliation to fully taxable equivalent for the year ended december 31,
2016                                                                                                                       2015                                                  2014
($ in millions)          reported          fte adj.               fte          reported          fte adj.               fte          reported          fte adj.               fte interest income          $1,416.9             $25.1          $1,442.0          $1,224.0             $25.3          $1,249.3          $1,186.9             $29.4          $1,216.3
interest expense            182.0                 -             182.0             153.9                 -             153.9             181.4                 -             181.4
net interest income      $1,234.9             $25.1          $1,260.0          $1,070.1             $25.3          $1,095.4          $1,005.5             $29.4          $1,034.9
net interest margin          1.15   %                            1.18   %          1.05   %                            1.07   %          1.05   %                            1.08   %
total revenue            $4,961.8             $25.1          $4,986.9          $4,702.6             $25.3          $4,727.9          $4,331.2             $29.4          $4,360.6
for the year ended december 31,
2013                                                  2012
($ in millions)                      reported          fte adj.               fte          reported          fte adj.               fte interest income                      $1,155.5             $32.5          $1,188.0          $1,287.7             $40.8          $1,328.5
interest expense                        222.4                 -             222.4             297.4                 -             297.4
net interest income                    $933.1             $32.5            $965.6            $990.3             $40.8          $1,031.1
net interest margin                      1.09   %                            1.13   %          1.18   %                            1.22   %
total revenue                        $4,089.3             $32.5          $4,121.8          $3,896.1             $40.8          $3,936.9
88 2016 annual report | northern trust corporation
