item 1a. risk factors the registrants face various risks associated with their businesses. our businesses, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. in addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other statements about our businesses that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 13 to the financial statements for more information concerning the risks described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact our businesses and financial results.
as used in this item 1a., the terms "we," "our" and "us" generally refer to ppl and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, or ppl electric and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the pennsylvania regulated segment discussion, or lke and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the kentucky regulated segment discussion.
(ppl)
risks relating to the spinoff of ppl energy supply and formation of talen energy corporation if the spinoff of ppl energy supply does not qualify as a tax-free distribution under sections 355 and 368 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), including as a result of subsequent acquisitions of stock of ppl or talen energy, then ppl and/or its shareowners may be required to pay substantial u.s. federal income taxes.
among other requirements, the completion of the june 1, 2015 spinoff of ppl energy supply and subsequent combination with rjs power was conditioned upon ppl's receipt of a legal opinion of tax counsel to the effect that the spinoff will qualify as a reorganization pursuant to section 368(a)(1)(d) and a tax-free distribution pursuant to section 355 of the code. although receipt of such legal opinion was a condition to completion of the spinoff and subsequent combination, that legal opinion is not binding on the irs. accordingly, the irs could reach conclusions that are different from those in the tax opinion. if, notwithstanding the receipt of such opinion, the irs were to determine the distribution to be taxable (including as a result of the subsequent acquisition of talen energy by affiliates of riverstone on december 6, 2016 (the "talen acquisition")), ppl would, and its shareowners could, depending on their individual circumstances, recognize a tax liability that could be substantial. in addition, notwithstanding the receipt of such opinion, if the irs were to determine the merger to be taxable (including as a result of the talen acquisition), ppl shareowners may, depending on their individual circumstances, recognize a tax liability that could be material.
in addition, the spinoff would be taxable to ppl pursuant to section 355(e) of the code if there were a 50% or greater change in ownership (by vote or value) of either ppl or talen energy (including as a result of the talen acquisition), directly or indirectly, as part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spinoff. because ppl's shareowners collectively owned more than 50% of talen energy's common stock following the spinoff and combination with rjs power, the combination alone would not cause the spinoff to be taxable to ppl under section 355(e) of the code. however, section 355(e) of the code might apply if acquisitions of stock of ppl before or after the spinoff, or of talen energy after the combination (including the talen acquisition), were considered to be part of a plan or series of related transactions that include the spinoff. ppl is not aware of any such plan or series of transactions that include the spinoff.
in connection with the closing of the talen acquisition, talen energy was required to deliver to ppl a legal opinion of tax counsel concluding that the talen acquisition would not affect the tax-free status of the spinoff. as described above, such legal opinion is not binding on the irs, and accordingly, the irs could reach conclusions that are different from those expressed in the legal opinion.
risks related to our u.k. segment our u.k. distribution business contributes a significant amount of ppl's earnings and exposes us to the following additional risks related to operating outside the u.s., including risks associated with changes in u.k. laws and regulations, taxes, economic conditions and political conditions and policies of the u.k. government and the european union. these risks may adversely impact the results of operations of our u.k. distribution business or affect our ability to access u.k. revenues for payment of distributions or for other corporate purposes in the u.s.
•   changes in laws or regulations relating to u.k. operations, including rate regulations, operational performance and tax laws and regulations;
•   changes in government policies, personnel or approval requirements;
•   changes in general economic conditions affecting the u.k.;
17
•   regulatory reviews of tariffs for distribution companies;
•   changes in labor relations;
•   limitations on foreign investment or ownership of projects and returns or distributions to foreign investors;
•   limitations on the ability of foreign companies to borrow money from foreign lenders and lack of local capital or loans;
•   changes in u.s. tax law applicable to taxation of foreign earnings;
•   compliance with u.s. foreign corrupt practices laws; and
•   prolonged periods of low inflation or deflation.
ppl's earnings may be adversely affected as a result of the june 23, 2016 referendum in the u.k. to withdraw from the european union.
significant uncertainty exists concerning the effects of the june 23, 2016 referendum in favor of the u.k. withdrawal from the european union, including the nature and duration of negotiations between the u.k. and european union as to the terms of any withdrawal. ppl cannot predict the impact, either short-term or long-term, on foreign exchange rates or ppl's long-term financial condition that may be experienced as a result of any actions that may be taken by the u.k. government to withdraw from the european union, although such impacts could be significant.
we are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risks because a significant portion of our cash flows and reported earnings are currently generated by our u.k. business operations.
these risks relate primarily to changes in the relative value of the british pound sterling and the u.s. dollar between the time we initially invest u.s. dollars in our u.k. businesses, and our strategy to hedge against such changes, and the time that cash is repatriated to the u.s. from the u.k., including cash flows from our u.k. businesses that may be distributed to ppl or used for repayments of intercompany loans or other general corporate purposes. in addition, ppl's consolidated reported earnings on a gaap basis may be subject to earnings translation risk, which is the result of the conversion of earnings as reported in our u.k. businesses on a british pound sterling basis to a u.s. dollar basis in accordance with gaap requirements.
our u.k. segment is subject to inflationary risks.
our u.k. distribution business is subject to the risks associated with fluctuations in rpi in the u.k., which is a measure of inflation.
in riio-ed1, wpd's base demand revenue was established by ofgem in 2012/13 prices. base demand revenue is then increased by rpi for each year to arrive at the amount of revenue wpd can collect in tariffs. the rpi is forecasted and subject to true-up in subsequent years. the fluctuations between forecasted and actual rpi can then result in variances in base demand revenue. while wpd also has debt that is indexed to rpi and certain components of operations and maintenance expense are affected by inflation, these may not offset changes in base demand revenue and offsets would likely affect different calendar years. further, as rav is indexed to rpi under u.k. regulations, a reduction in rpi could adversely affect the debt/rav ratio, potentially limiting future borrowings at wpd's holding company.
our u.k. delivery business is subject to revenue variability based on operational performance.
our u.k. delivery businesses operate under an incentive-based regulatory framework. managing operational risk and delivering agreed-upon performance are critical to the u.k. regulated segment's financial performance. disruption to these distribution networks could reduce profitability both directly by incurring costs for network restoration and also through the system of penalties and rewards that ofgem administers relating to customer service levels.
a failure by any of our u.k. regulated businesses to comply with the terms of a distribution license may lead to the issuance of an enforcement order by ofgem that could have an adverse impact on ppl.
ofgem has powers to levy fines of up to ten percent of revenue for any breach of a distribution license or, in certain circumstances, such as insolvency, the distribution license itself may be revoked. ofgem also has formal powers to propose modifications to each distribution license and there can be no assurance that a restrictive modification will not be introduced in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the operations and financial condition of the u.k. regulated businesses and ppl.
(ppl and lke)
risk related to registrant holding companies
18
ppl and lke are holding companies and their cash flows and ability to meet their obligations with respect to indebtedness and under guarantees, and ppl's ability to pay dividends, largely depends on the financial performance of their respective subsidiaries and, as a result, is effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of those subsidiaries.
ppl and lke are holding companies and conduct their operations primarily through subsidiaries. substantially all of the consolidated assets of these registrants are held by their subsidiaries. accordingly, these registrants' cash flows and ability to meet debt and guaranty obligations, as well as ppl's ability to pay dividends, are largely dependent upon the earnings of those subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment of such earnings in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, advances or repayment of loans and advances. the subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends or distributions to their parents or to make funds available for such a payment. the ability of the registrants' subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions in the future will depend on the subsidiaries' future earnings and cash flows and the needs of their businesses, and may be restricted by their obligations to holders of their outstanding debt and other creditors, as well as any contractual or legal restrictions in effect at such time, including the requirements of state corporate law applicable to payment of dividends and distributions, and regulatory requirements, including restrictions on the ability of ppl electric, lg&e and ku to pay dividends under section 305(a) of the federal power act.
because ppl and lke are holding companies, their debt and guaranty obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of their subsidiaries. although certain agreements to which certain subsidiaries are parties limit their ability to incur additional indebtedness, ppl and lke and their subsidiaries retain the ability to incur substantial additional indebtedness and other liabilities. therefore, ppl's and lke's rights and the rights of their creditors, including rights of debt holders, to participate in the assets of any of their subsidiaries, in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized, will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors. in addition, if ppl elects to receive distributions of earnings from its foreign operations, ppl may incur u.s. income taxes, net of any available foreign tax credits, on such amounts.
(ppl electric, lg&e and ku)
risks related to domestic regulated utility operations our domestic regulated utility businesses face many of the same risks, in addition to those risks that are unique to each of the kentucky regulated segment and the pennsylvania regulated segment. set forth below are risk factors common to both domestic regulated segments, followed by sections identifying separately the risks specific to each of these segments.
the operation of our businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risks.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. the operation of our transmission and distribution operations, as well as our generation plants, are all reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, principally by terrorists or vandals, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information lost or stolen, causing us to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to our reputation.
our profitability is highly dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn an adequate return on our capital investments. regulators may not approve the rates we request and existing rates may be challenged.
the rates we charge our utility customers must be approved by one or more federal or state regulatory commissions, including the ferc, kpsc, vscc and puc. although rate regulation is generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full or timely recovery of our costs or an adequate return on our capital investments. federal or state agencies, intervenors and other permitted parties may challenge our current or future rate requests, structures or mechanisms, and ultimately reduce, alter or limit the rates we receive. although our rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a base year or on future projected costs, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. our domestic regulated utility businesses are subject to substantial capital expenditure requirements over the next several years, which will likely require rate increase requests to the regulators. if our costs are not adequately recovered through rates, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
19
our domestic utility businesses are subject to significant and complex governmental regulation.
in addition to regulating the rates we charge, various federal and state regulatory authorities regulate many aspects of our domestic utility operations, including:
•   the terms and conditions of our service and operations;
•   financial and capital structure matters;
•   siting, construction and operation of facilities;
•   mandatory reliability and safety standards under the energy policy act of 2005 and other standards of conduct;
•   accounting, depreciation and cost allocation methodologies;
•   tax matters;
•   affiliate transactions;
•   acquisition and disposal of utility assets and issuance of securities; and
•   various other matters, including energy efficiency.
such regulations or changes thereto may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures and failure to comply could result in sanctions or possible penalties which may not be recoverable from customers.
our domestic regulated businesses undertake significant capital projects and these activities are subject to unforeseen costs, delays or failures, as well as risk of inadequate recovery of resulting costs.
the domestic regulated utility businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation (in the case of lg&e and ku) and transmission, distribution and other infrastructure projects, such as projects for environmental compliance and system reliability. the completion of these projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to risks in many areas, including:
•   approval, licensing and permitting;
•   land acquisition and the availability of suitable land;
•   skilled labor or equipment shortages;
•   construction problems or delays, including disputes with third-party intervenors;
•   increases in commodity prices or labor rates;
•   contractor performance;
failure to complete our capital projects on schedule or on budget, or at all, could adversely affect our financial performance, operations and future growth if such expenditures are not granted rate recovery by our regulators.
we are subject to the risk that our workforce and its knowledge base may become depleted in coming years.
we are experiencing an increase in attrition due primarily to the number of retiring employees, with the risk that critical knowledge will be lost and that it may be difficult to replace departed personnel, and to attract and retain new personnel, due to a declining trend in the number of available skilled workers and an increase in competition for such workers.
we are or may be subject to costs of remediation of environmental contamination at facilities owned or operated by our former subsidiaries.
we may be subject to liability for the costs of environmental remediation of property now or formerly owned by us with respect to substances that we may have generated regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. we also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of manufactured gas for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. remediation activities associated with our former manufactured gas plant operations are one source of such costs. citizen groups or others may bring litigation regarding environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. we cannot predict the amount and timing of all future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although they could be material.
risks specific to kentucky regulated segment
20
(ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
the costs of compliance with, and liabilities under, environmental laws are significant and are subject to continuing changes.
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to lg&e's and ku's generation business, including its air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid wastes, among other business-related activities, and the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted but could be material. in addition, our costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws, regulations or similar rules are expanded or changed. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or forfeitures, operational changes, permit limitations or other restrictions. at some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary pollution control equipment, which could cause us to retire those units. market prices for energy and capacity also affect this cost-effectiveness analysis. many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of our key suppliers or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs of their products and demand for our services.
ongoing changes in environmental regulations or their implementation requirements and our related compliance strategies entail a number of uncertainties.
the environmental standards governing lg&e's and ku's businesses, particularly as applicable to coal-fired generation and related activities, continue to be subject to uncertainties due to rulemaking and other regulatory developments, legislative activities and litigation, administrative or permit challenges. revisions to applicable standards, changes in compliance deadlines and invalidation of rules on appeal may require major changes in compliance strategies, operations or assets and adjustments to prior plans. depending on the extent, frequency and timing of such changes, the companies may be subject to inconsistent requirements under multiple regulatory programs, compressed windows for decision-making and short compliance deadlines that may require new technologies or aggressive schedules for construction, permitting and other regulatory approvals. under such circumstances, the companies may face higher risks of unsuccessful implementation of environmental-related business plans, noncompliance with applicable environmental rules, delayed or incomplete rate recovery or increased costs of implementation.
we are subject to operational, regulatory and other risks regarding certain significant developments in environmental regulation affecting coal-fired generation facilities.
certain regulatory initiatives have been implemented or are under development which could represent significant developments or changes in environmental regulation and compliance costs or risk associated with the combustion of coal as occurs at lg&e's and ku's coal-fired generation facilities. in particular, such developments include the federal clean power plan regulations governing greenhouse gas emissions at existing or new generation facilities, the federal coal combustion residuals regulations governing coal by-product storage activities and the federal effluent limitations guidelines governing water discharge activities. such initiatives have the potential to require significant changes in generation portfolio composition and in coal combustion byproduct handling and disposal or water treatment and release facilities and methods from those historically used or currently available. consequently, such developments may involve increased risks relating to the uncertain cost, efficacy and reliability of new technologies, equipment or methods. compliance with such regulations could result in significant changes to lg&e's and ku's operations or commercial practices and material additional capital or operating expenditures. such circumstances could also involve higher risks of compliance violations or of variations in rate or regulatory treatment when compared to existing frameworks.
risks specific to pennsylvania regulated segment
(ppl and ppl electric)
we plan to selectively pursue growth of our transmission capacity, which involves a number of uncertainties and may not achieve the desired financial results.
we plan to pursue expansion of our transmission capacity over the next several years. we plan to do this through the potential construction or acquisition of transmission projects and capital investments to upgrade transmission infrastructure. these types of projects involve numerous risks. with respect to the construction or acquisition of transmission projects, we may be required to expend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, resource exploration, legal and other expenses before it can be established whether a project is feasible, economically attractive or capable of being financed. expansion in our regulated businesses is dependent on future load or service requirements and subject to applicable regulatory processes. the success of
21
both a new or acquired project would likely be contingent, among other things, upon the negotiation of satisfactory construction contracts, obtaining acceptable financing and maintaining acceptable credit ratings, as well as receipt of required and appropriate governmental approvals. if we were unable to complete construction or expansion of a project, we may not be able to recover our investment in the project.
we face competition for transmission projects, which could adversely affect our rate base growth.
ferc order 1000, issued in july 2011, establishes certain procedural and substantive requirements relating to participation, cost allocation and non-incumbent developer aspects of regional and inter-regional electric transmission planning activities. the ppl electric transmission business, operating under a ferc-approved pjm open access transmission tariff, is subject to competition pursuant to ferc order 1000 from entities that are not incumbent pjm transmission owners with respect to the construction and ownership of transmission facilities within pjm. increased competition can result in lower rate base growth.
we could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to pennsylvania conservation and energy efficiency programs.
ppl electric is subject to act 129 which contains requirements for energy efficiency and conservation programs and for the use of smart metering technology, imposes plr electricity supply procurement rules, provides remedies for market misconduct, and made changes to the existing alternative energy portfolio standard. the law also requires electric utilities to meet specified goals for reduction in customer electricity usage and peak demand. utilities not meeting these act 129 requirements are subject to significant penalties that cannot be recovered in rates. numerous factors outside of our control could prevent compliance with these requirements and result in penalties to us.
risks related to all segments
(all registrants)
increases in electricity prices and/or a weak economy, can lead to changes in legislative and regulatory policy, including the promotion of energy efficiency, conservation and distributed generation or self-generation, which may adversely impact our business.
energy consumption is significantly impacted by overall levels of economic activity and costs of energy supplies. economic downturns or periods of high energy supply costs can lead to changes in or the development of legislative and regulatory policy designed to promote reductions in energy consumption and increased energy efficiency, alternative and renewable energy sources, and distributed or self-generation by customers. this focus on conservation, energy efficiency and self-generation may result in a decline in electricity demand, which could adversely affect our business.
we could be negatively affected by rising interest rates, downgrades to our credit ratings, adverse credit market conditions or other negative developments in our ability to access capital markets.
in the ordinary course of business, we are reliant upon adequate long-term and short-term financing to fund our significant capital expenditures, debt service and operating needs. as a capital-intensive business, we are sensitive to developments in interest rates, credit rating considerations, insurance, security or collateral requirements, market liquidity and credit availability and refinancing opportunities necessary or advisable to respond to credit market changes. changes in these conditions could result in increased costs and decreased availability of credit.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any new debt.
credit ratings assigned by moody's and s&p to our businesses and their financial obligations have a significant impact on the cost of capital incurred by our businesses. a ratings downgrade could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability to fund liquidity needs and access new long-term debt at acceptable interest rates. see "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - ratings triggers" for additional information on the financial impact of a downgrade in our credit ratings.
our operating revenues could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result of extreme weather conditions.
our businesses are subject to seasonal demand cycles. for example, in some markets demand for, and market prices of, electricity peak during hot summer months, while in other markets such peaks occur in cold winter months. as a result, our overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis if weather conditions such as heat waves, extreme cold,
22
unseasonably mild weather or severe storms occur. the patterns of these fluctuations may change depending on the type and location of our facilities.
operating expenses could be affected by weather conditions, including storms, as well as by significant man-made or accidental disturbances, including terrorism or natural disasters.
weather and these other factors can significantly affect our profitability or operations by causing outages, damaging infrastructure and requiring significant repair costs. storm outages and damage often directly decrease revenues and increase expenses, due to reduced usage and restoration costs.
our businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to prepare for or respond to these effects. these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs. greenhouse gas regulation could increase the cost of electricity, particularly power generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies. reduced economic and consumer activity in our service areas -- both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power -- could reduce demand for the power we generate, market and deliver. also, demand for our energy-related services could be similarly lowered by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
we cannot predict the outcome of the legal proceedings and investigations currently being conducted with respect to our current and past business activities. an adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation and subject to ongoing state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in "federal matters" in note 6 and "legal matters," "regulatory issues" and "environmental matters - domestic" in note 13 to the financial statements. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably estimate the costs or liabilities that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case.
significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.
we continually focus on limiting and reducing our operation and maintenance expenses. however, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures in our operations. increased costs of materials and labor may result from general inflation, increased regulatory requirements (especially in respect of environmental regulations), the need for higher-cost expertise in the workforce or other factors. in addition, pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide specified levels of health care and pension benefits to certain current employees and retirees. these benefits give rise to significant expenses. due to general inflation with respect to such costs, the aging demographics of our workforce and other factors, we have experienced significant health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. in addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans for our employees and retirees. the measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond our control. these assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends, inflation rates, benefit improvements, salary increases and the demographics of plan participants. if our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our future costs and cash contribution requirements to fund these benefits could increase significantly.
we may incur liabilities in connection with discontinued operations.
in connection with various divestitures, and certain other transactions, we have indemnified or guaranteed parties against certain liabilities. these indemnities and guarantees relate, among other things, to liabilities which may arise with respect to the period during which we or our subsidiaries operated a divested business, and to certain ongoing contractual relationships and entitlements with respect to which we or our subsidiaries made commitments in connection with the divestiture. see "guarantees and other assurances" in note 13 to the financial statements.
23
we are subject to liability risks relating to our generation, transmission and distribution operations.
the conduct of our physical and commercial operations subjects us to many risks, including risks of potential physical injury, property damage or other financial liability, caused to or by employees, customers, contractors, vendors, contractual or financial counterparties and other third parties.
our facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses and decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
operation of power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other assets and activities subjects us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels. these events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses efficiently and lead to increased costs, expenses or losses. operation of our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance costs, which may not be recoverable from customers. planned and unplanned outages at our power plants may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages for failure to satisfy them.
although we maintain customary insurance coverage for certain of these risks, no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to compensate us in the event losses occur.
we are subject to risks associated with federal and state tax laws and regulations.
changes in tax law as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations. we are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, property, gross receipts and franchise, sales and use, employment-related and other taxes. we also estimate our ability to utilize tax benefits and tax credits. due to the revenue needs of the jurisdictions in which our businesses operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered. we cannot predict whether such tax legislation or regulation will be introduced or enacted or the effect of any such changes on our businesses. if enacted, any changes could increase tax expense and could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, government permits and approvals.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from governmental agencies. the process of obtaining and renewing necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which the permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. in addition, such permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of permits or approvals, or failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, may result in the delay or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our power delivery and may subject us to penalties and other sanctions. although various regulators routinely renew existing licenses, renewal could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including failure to provide adequate financial assurance for closure; failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions; local community, political or other opposition; and executive, legislative or regulatory action.
our cost or inability to obtain and comply with the permits and approvals required for our operations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows. in addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations of existing laws may elicit claims that historical routine modification activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations. in addition to the possible imposition of fines in such cases, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments in pollution control technology and obtain additional operating permits or approvals, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
war, other armed conflicts or terrorist attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business.
war, terrorist attacks and unrest have caused and may continue to cause instability in the world's financial and commercial markets and have contributed to high levels of volatility in prices for oil and gas. in addition, unrest in the middle east could lead to acts of terrorism in the united states, the united kingdom or elsewhere, and acts of terrorism could be directed against companies such as ours. armed conflicts and terrorism and their effects on us or our markets may significantly affect our business and results of operations in the future. in addition, we may incur increased costs for security, including additional physical plant security and security personnel or additional capability following a terrorist incident.
24
we are subject to counterparty performance, credit or other risk in their provision of goods or services to us, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or conduct business activities.
we purchase from a variety of suppliers energy, capacity, fuel, natural gas, transmission service and certain commodities used in the physical operation of our businesses, as well as goods or services, including information technology rights and services, used in the administration of our businesses. delivery of these goods and services is dependent on the continuing operational performance and financial viability of our contractual counterparties and also the markets, infrastructure or third-parties they use to provide such goods and services to us. as a result, we are subject to the risks of disruptions, curtailments or increased costs in the operation of our businesses if such goods or services are unavailable or become subject to price spikes or if a counterparty fails to perform. such disruptions could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or deliver our services and collect our revenues, which could result in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of operations. the performance of coal markets and producers may be the subject of increased counterparty risk to lke, lg&e and ku currently due to weaknesses in such markets and suppliers. the coal industry is subject to increasing competitive pressures from natural gas markets and new or more stringent environmental regulation, including greenhouse gases or other air emissions, combustion byproducts and water inputs or discharges. consequently, the coal industry faces increased production costs or closed customer markets.
item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
(all registrants)
this "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" is separately filed by ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant solely on its own behalf, and no registrant makes any representation as to information relating to any other registrant. the specific registrant to which disclosures are applicable is identified in parenthetical headings in italics above the applicable disclosure or within the applicable disclosure for each registrant's related activities and disclosures. within combined disclosures, amounts are disclosed for individual registrants when significant.
the following should be read in conjunction with the registrants' financial statements and the accompanying notes. capitalized terms and abbreviations are defined in the glossary. dollars are in millions, except per share data, unless otherwise noted.
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" includes the following information:
•   "overview" provides a description of each registrant's business strategy and a discussion of important financial and operational developments.
•   "results of operations" for all registrants includes a "statement of income analysis," which discusses significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing 2016 with 2015 and 2015 with 2014. for ppl, "results of operations" also includes "segment earnings" and "margins" which provide a detailed analysis of earnings by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "margins" and provides explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most comparable gaap measure. the "2017 outlook" discussion identifies key factors expected to impact 2017 earnings. for ppl electric, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, a summary of earnings is also provided.
•   "financial condition - liquidity and capital resources" provides an analysis of the registrants' liquidity positions and credit profiles. this section also includes a discussion of forecasted sources and uses of cash and rating agency actions.
•   "financial condition - risk management" provides an explanation of the registrants' risk management programs relating to market and credit risk.
•   "application of critical accounting policies" provides an overview of the accounting policies that are particularly important to the results of operations and financial condition of the registrants and that require their management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments of inherently uncertain matters.
overview for a description of the registrants and their businesses, see "item 1. business."
on june 1, 2015, ppl completed the spinoff of ppl energy supply, which combined its competitive power generation businesses with those of riverstone to form a new, stand-alone, publicly traded company named talen energy. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
business strategy
(all registrants)
following the june 1, 2015 spinoff of ppl energy supply, ppl completed its strategic transformation to a fully regulated business model consisting of seven diverse, high-performing utilities. these utilities are located in the u.k., pennsylvania and kentucky and each jurisdiction has different regulatory structures and customer classes. the company believes this diverse portfolio provides strong earnings and dividend growth potential that will create significant value for its shareowners and positions ppl well for continued growth and success.
31
ppl's businesses of wpd, ppl electric, lg&e and ku plan to achieve growth by providing efficient, reliable and safe operations and strong customer service, maintaining constructive regulatory relationships and achieving timely recovery of costs. these businesses are expected to achieve strong, long-term growth in rate base and rav, as applicable, driven by planned significant capital expenditures to maintain existing assets and improve system reliability and, for lke, lg&e and ku, to comply with federal and state environmental regulations related to coal-fired electricity generation facilities. additionally, significant transmission rate base growth is expected through at least 2020 at ppl electric.
for the u.s. businesses, our strategy is to recover capital project costs efficiently through various rate-making mechanisms, including periodic base rate case proceedings using forward test years, annual ferc formula rate mechanisms and other regulatory agency-approved recovery mechanisms designed to limit regulatory lag. in kentucky, the kpsc has adopted a series of regulatory mechanisms (ecr, dsm, glt, fuel adjustment clause, gas supply clause and recovery on construction work-in-progress) that reduce regulatory lag and provide timely recovery of and return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs. in addition, the kpsc requires a utility to obtain a cpcn prior to constructing a facility, unless the construction is an ordinary extension of existing facilities in the usual course of business or does not involve sufficient capital outlay to materially affect the utility's financial condition. although such kpsc proceedings do not directly address cost recovery issues, the kpsc, in awarding a cpcn, concludes that the public convenience and necessity require the construction of the facility on the basis that the facility is the lowest reasonable cost alternative to address the need. in pennsylvania, the ferc transmission formula rate, dsic mechanism, smart meter rider and other recovery mechanisms are in place to reduce regulatory lag and provide for timely recovery of and a return on prudently incurred costs.
rate base growth in the domestic utilities is expected to result in earnings growth for the foreseeable future. in 2017, earnings from the u.k. regulated segment are expected to decline mainly due to the unfavorable impact of lower gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rates. rav growth is expected in the u.k. regulated segment through the riio-ed1 price control period and to result in earnings growth after 2017. see "item 1. business - segment information - u.k. regulated segment" for additional information on riio-ed1.
to manage financing costs and access to credit markets, and to fund capital expenditures, a key objective of the registrants is to maintain their investment grade credit ratings and adequate liquidity positions. in addition, the registrants have financial and operational risk management programs that, among other things, are designed to monitor and manage exposure to earnings and cash flow volatility, as applicable, related to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and counterparty credit quality. to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options and swaps. see "financial condition - risk management" below for further information.
earnings generated by ppl's u.k. subsidiaries are subject to foreign currency translation risk. due to the significant earnings contributed from wpd, ppl enters into foreign currency contracts to economically hedge the value of the gbp versus the u.s. dollar. these hedges do not receive hedge accounting treatment under gaap. see "financial and operational developments - u.k. membership in european union" for a discussion of the u.k. earnings hedging activity in the third and fourth quarters of 2016.
the u.k. subsidiaries also have currency exposure to the u.s. dollar to the extent of their u.s. dollar denominated debt. to manage these risks, ppl generally uses contracts such as forwards, options and cross-currency swaps that contain characteristics of both interest rate and foreign currency exchange contracts.
as discussed above, a key component of this strategy is to maintain constructive relationships with regulators in all jurisdictions in which we operate (u.k., u.s. federal and state). this is supported by our strong culture of integrity and delivering on commitments to customers, regulators and shareowners, and a commitment to continue to improve our customer service, reliability and efficiency of operations.
financial and operational developments u.s. tax reform (all registrants)
tax reform has been discussed as a high priority of the new u.s. presidential administration. significant uncertainty exists as to the ultimate changes that may be made, the timing of those changes and the related impact to ppl's financial condition or results of operations. the company is working with industry groups and carefully monitoring related developments in an effort both to have input to the legislative process where possible and plan effectively to respond to any forthcoming changes in a manner that will optimize value for ratepayers and shareowners.
32
u.k. membership in european union (ppl)
significant uncertainty exists concerning the effects of the june 23, 2016 referendum in favor of the u.k. withdrawal from the european union (eu). in october 2016, the u.k. prime minister, theresa may, announced her intent to invoke article 50 of the lisbon treaty (article 50) by march 31, 2017. article 50 specifies that if a member state decides to withdraw from the eu, it should notify the european council of its intention to leave the eu, negotiate the terms of withdrawal and establish the legal grounds for its future relationship with the eu. article 50 provides two years from the date of the article 50 notification to conclude negotiations. failure to complete negotiations within two years, unless negotiations are extended, would result in the treaties governing the eu no longer being applicable to the u.k. with there being no agreement in place governing the u.k.'s relationship with the eu. under the terms of article 50, negotiations can only be extended beyond two years if all of the 27 remaining eu states agree to an extension. any withdrawal agreement will need to be approved by both the european council and the european parliament. there remains significant uncertainty as to whether the events referred to in the prime minister's announcement will occur within the times suggested as well as the ultimate outcome of the withdrawal negotiations and the related impact on the u.k. economy and the gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate.
in response to the decrease in the gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate that occurred subsequent to the u.k.'s vote to withdraw from the eu, ppl has executed additional hedges to mitigate the foreign currency exposure to the company's u.k. earnings. in the third quarter of 2016, ppl settled existing hedges related to 2017 and 2018 anticipated earnings, resulting in receipt of approximately $310 million of cash, and entered into new hedges at market rates. the notional amount of the settled hedges was approximately £1.3 billion (approximately $2.0 billion based on contracted rates) with termination dates from january 2017 through november 2018. the settlement did not have a significant impact on net income as the hedge values were previously marked to fair value and recognized in "other income (expense) - net" on the statement of income.
additionally, in the third and fourth quarters of 2016, ppl restructured existing hedges related to 2016 and 2017 anticipated earnings and entered into additional hedges using forward contracts for 2018. this restructuring did not have a significant impact on 2016 net income as the hedge values continue to be marked to fair value. as of january 31, 2017, ppl's foreign currency exposure related to budgeted earnings is 92% hedged for 2017 at an average rate of $1.21 per gbp, 87% hedged for 2018 at an average rate of $1.42 per gbp and 50% hedged for 2019 at an average rate of $1.34 per gbp.
ppl cannot predict either the short-term or long-term impact to foreign currency exchange rates or long-term impact on ppl's financial condition that may be experienced as a result of any actions that may be taken by the u.k. government to withdraw from the eu, although such impacts could be significant.
regulatory requirements
(all registrants)
the registrants cannot predict the impact that future regulatory requirements may have on their financial condition or results of operations.
(ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
the businesses of lke, lg&e and ku are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations, including those pertaining to ccrs, ghg, elgs, mats and the clean power plan. see "financial condition - environmental matters" below for additional information on the ccrs requirements. see note 6, note 13 and note 19 to the financial statements for a discussion of the other significant environmental matters. these and other stringent environmental requirements led ppl, lke, lg&e and ku to retire approximately 800 mw of coal-fired generating plants in kentucky, primarily in 2015.
also as a result of the environmental requirements discussed above, lke projects $1.4 billion ($0.6 billion at lg&e and $0.8 billion at ku) in environmental capital investment over the next five years. see ppl's "financial condition - forecasted uses of cash - capital expenditures", note 6 and note 13 for additional information.
(ppl)
33
u.k. distribution revenue reduction in december 2013, wpd and other u.k. dnos announced agreements with the u.k. department of energy and climate change and ofgem to a reduction of £5 per residential customer of electricity distribution revenues that otherwise would have been collected in the regulatory year beginning april 1, 2014. full recovery of the revenue reduction in gbp, together with the associated carrying cost will occur in the regulatory year which began april 1, 2016. revenues for the u.k. regulated segment were adversely affected by $19 million ($15 million after-tax or $0.02 per share) in 2015 and $40 million ($31 million after-tax or $0.05 per share) in 2014. revenues for the u.k. regulated segment were positively affected by $39 million ($31 million after-tax or $0.05 per share) in 2016. ppl projects revenues for 2017 will be positively affected by $16 million ($13 million after-tax or $0.02 per share).
u.k. tax rate change the u.k. finance act 2016, enacted in september 2016, reduced the u.k. statutory income tax rate effective april 1, 2020 from 18% to 17%. as a result of this change, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liabilities and recognized an income tax benefit of $42 million in 2016. of this amount, $37 million relates to deferred taxes recorded in prior years and is treated as a special item.
u.k. foreign tax credits ppl will amend certain prior year u.s. federal income tax returns to claim foreign tax credits, rather than deduct foreign taxes, resulting in an income tax benefit of approximately $35 million recognized in the fourth quarter of 2016. this decision was prompted by changes to the company's most recent business plan.
discount rate change for u.k. pension plans in selecting the discount rate for its u.k. pension plans, wpd historically used a single weighted-average discount rate in the calculation of net periodic defined benefit cost. wpd began using individual spot rates to measure service cost and interest cost for the calculation of net periodic defined benefit cost in 2016. in 2016, this change in discount rate resulted in lower net periodic defined benefit costs recognized on ppl's statement of income of $43 million ($34 million after-tax or $0.05 per share). see "application of critical accounting policies-defined benefits" for additional information.
regional transmission expansion plan (ppl and ppl electric)
in july 2014, ppl electric announced project compass, a proposal to construct a new multi-state transmission line. in october 2015, ppl electric filed an interconnection application with the new york independent system operator for the first segment of the project which contains a proposed 95-mile, $500 million to $600 million line between blakely, pennsylvania, and ramapo, new york. the proposed line is intended to provide significant economic benefits for electricity customers in new york and also to provide grid reliability and grid security benefits for electricity customers in both states. the proposal envisions construction to begin in 2021 and for the project to be in operation by 2023. numerous approvals will be required, including, among others, the public utility commissions of pennsylvania and new york, the new york independent system operator, pjm, and ferc. as originally proposed in 2014, project compass would have run from western pennsylvania into new york and new jersey and also south into maryland, covering approximately 725 miles at an estimated cost of $4 billion to $6 billion. the project has been revised to include about 475 miles of transmission line in pennsylvania and new york at an estimated cost of $3 billion to $4 billion. beyond this segment, no schedule is proposed for the rest of the project. there can be no assurance that this segment of project compass will be approved as proposed. additionally, ppl electric is continuing to study the project and may modify it in the future. the capital expenditures related to this project are excluded from the capital expenditures table included in "liquidity and capital resources-forecasted uses of cash" below.
rate case proceedings (ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
on november 23, 2016, lg&e and ku filed requests with the kpsc for increases in annual base electricity rates of approximately $103 million at ku and an increase in annual base electricity and gas rates of approximately $94 million and $14 million at lg&e. the proposed base rate increases would result in an electricity rate increase of 6.4% at ku and electricity and gas rate increases of 8.5% and 4.2% at lg&e. new rates are expected to become effective on july 1, 2017. lg&e's and ku's applications include requests for cpcns for implementing an advanced metering system and a distribution automation program. the applications are based on a forecasted test year of july 1, 2017 through june 30, 2018 and a requested return on equity of 10.23%. a number of parties have been granted intervention requests in the proceedings. data
34
discovery and the filing of written testimony will continue through april 2017. a public hearing on the applications is scheduled to commence on may 2, 2017. lg&e and ku cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
on october 31, 2016, ku filed a request with the ferc to modify its formula rates to provide for the recovery of ccr impoundment closure costs from its departing municipal customers. on december 30, 2016, the ferc accepted the revised rate schedules providing recovery of the costs effective december 31, 2016, subject to refund, and established limited hearing and settlement judge procedures relating to determining the applicable amortization period.
discontinued operations (ppl)
the operations of ppl's supply segment prior to its june 1, 2015 spinoff are included in "income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)" on the 2015 and 2014 statements of income.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information related to the spinoff of ppl energy supply, including the components of discontinued operations.
results of operations
(ppl)
the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on ppl's statements of income, comparing year-to-year changes. the "segment earnings" and "margins" discussions for ppl provide a review of results by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "margins," and provide explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable gaap measure. the "2017 outlook" discussion identifies key factors expected to impact 2017 earnings.
tables analyzing changes in amounts between periods within "statement of income analysis," "segment earnings" and "margins" are presented on a constant gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate basis, where applicable, in order to isolate the impact of the change in the exchange rate on the item being explained. results computed on a constant gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate basis are calculated by translating current year results at the prior year weighted-average gbp to u.s. dollar exchange rate.
(ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku)
a "statement of income analysis, earnings and margins" is presented separately for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku.
the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing year-to-year changes. the "earnings" discussion provides a summary of earnings. the "margins" discussion includes a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to "operating income."
35
ppl: statement of income analysis, segment earnings and margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
2016                                                                                            2015                2014            2016 vs. 2015            2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues                                                    $7,517              $7,669              $7,852                 $(152      )             $(183      )
operating expenses operation fuel                                                                     791                 863                 965                   (72      )              (102      )
energy purchases                                                         706                 855                 924                  (149      )               (69      )
other operation and maintenance                                        1,745               1,938               1,856                  (193      )                82
depreciation                                                             926                 883                 923                    43                      (40      )
taxes, other than income                                                 301                 299                 317                     2                      (18      )
total operating expenses                                               4,469               4,838               4,985                  (369      )              (147      )
other income (expense) - net                                             390                 108                 105                   282                        3
interest expense                                                         888                 871                 843                    17                       28
income taxes                                                             648                 465                 692                   183                     (227      )
income from continuing operations after income taxes                   1,902               1,603               1,437                   299                      166
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)           -                (921   )             300                   921                   (1,221      )
net income                                                            $1,902                $682              $1,737                $1,220                  $(1,055      )
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
domestic:
ppl electric distribution price (a)             $126                     $22
ppl electric distribution volume                  (9      )               (4      )
ppl electric plr revenue (b)                    (135      )               15
ppl electric transmission formula rate            59                      60
lke base rates                                    68                      64
lke volumes                                        1                     (85      )
lke fuel and other energy prices (b)             (81      )             (113      )
lke ecr                                           39                      86
other                                            (17      )              (17      )
total domestic                                    51                      28
u.k.:
price                                             98                     (99      )
volume                                           (36      )                5
line loss accrual adjustments (c)                  -                      65
foreign currency exchange rates                 (255      )             (188      )
other                                            (10      )                6
total u.k.                                      (203      )             (211      )
total                                          $(152      )            $(183      )
(a)   distribution rate case effective january 1, 2016, resulted in increases of $160 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(b)   decreases due to lower recoveries of fuel and energy purchases primarily as a result of lower commodity costs at lke and lower energy purchase prices at ppl electric.
36
(c)   in 2014, ofgem issued its final decision on the dpcr4 line loss incentives and penalties mechanism, which resulted in a $65 million reduction to operating revenues in 2014. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
fuel fuel decreased $72 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a decrease in market prices for coal and natural gas.
fuel decreased $102 million in 2015 compared with 2014 due to a $57 million decrease in volumes, driven by milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a $45 million decrease in commodity costs as a result of a decrease in market prices for coal and natural gas.
energy purchases energy purchases decreased $149 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a $124 million decrease in plr prices and a $12 million decrease in plr volumes at ppl electric, a $9 million decrease in the market price of natural gas and a $5 million decrease in natural gas volumes at lke.
energy purchases decreased $69 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to a $38 million decrease in the market price of natural gas and a $30 million decrease in natural gas volumes at lke.
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
domestic:
lke plant operations and maintenance (a)                                          $(19      )               $9
lke pension expense                                                                (12      )               14
ppl electric payroll-related costs                                                 (26      )                2
ppl electric act 129                                                               (15      )                9
ppl electric contractor related expenses                                             7                       7
ppl electric vegetation management                                                   4                       7
ppl electric universal service programs                                              3                       6
storm costs                                                                          6                     (18      )
bad debts                                                                           (5      )                -
third-party costs related to the spinoff of ppl energy supply (note 8)             (13      )                5
separation benefits related to the spinoff of ppl energy supply (note 8)            (8      )              (12      )
corporate costs previously included in discontinued operations (b)                   8                      27
stock compensation expense                                                          (6      )                3
other                                                                               18                      26
u.k.:
pension expense (c)                                                                (86      )              (14      )
foreign currency exchange rates                                                    (33      )              (33      )
third-party engineering                                                             (8      )                7
engineering management                                                               7                      19
national grid exit charges                                                          (2      )               11
other                                                                              (13      )                7
total                                                                            $(193      )              $82
(a)   includes a $29 million reduction of costs in 2016 due to the retirement of cane run and green river coal units partially offset by $5 million of additional costs for cane run unit 7 plant operations.
(b)   the increase in 2015 compared with 2014 was due to the corporate costs allocated to ppl energy supply (and included in discontinued operations) prior to the spin. as a result of the spinoff on june 1, 2015, these corporate costs now remain in continuing operations.
(c)   the decrease in 2016 compared with 2015 was primarily due to an increase in expected returns on higher asset balances and lower interest costs due to a change in the discount rate methodology.
37
depreciation the increase (decrease) in depreciation was due to:
2016 vs. 2015        2015 vs. 2014
additions to pp&amp;e, net                        $76                  $77
foreign currency exchange rates                   (27      )           (19      )
network asset useful life extension (a)             -                  (84      )
other                                              (6      )           (14      )
total                                             $43                 $(40      )
(a)   effective january 1, 2015, after completion of a review of the useful lives of its distribution network assets, wpd extended the weighted average useful lives of these assets to 69 years from 55 years resulting in lower depreciation.
taxes, other than income the increase (decrease) in taxes, other than income was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
state gross receipts tax (a)              $11                    $(14      )
domestic property tax expense               4                       5
foreign currency exchange rates           (15      )              (11      )
other                                       2                       2
total                                      $2                    $(18      )
(a)   2015 includes the settlement of the 2011 gross receipts tax audit that resulted in the reversal of $17 million of previously recognized reserves.
other income (expense) - net other income (expense) - net increased $282 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and increased $3 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to changes in realized and unrealized gains on foreign currency contracts to economically hedge gbp denominated earnings from wpd.
interest expense the increase (decrease) in interest expense was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
long-term debt interest expense (a)              $63                     $61
hedging activities and ineffectiveness            (4      )               (4      )
loss on extinguishment of debt (b)                 -                      (9      )
foreign currency exchange rates                  (43      )              (26      )
other                                              1          6
total                                            $17                     $28
(a)   the increase in 2016 compared with 2015 was primarily due to debt issuances at wpd in november 2015, lg&amp;e and ku in september 2015 and ppl capital funding in may 2016 as well as higher interest rates on bonds refinanced in september 2015 at lg&amp;e and ku.
the increase in 2015 compared with 2014 was primarily due to 2015 including interest expense related to certain ppl energy funding debt that was previously associated with ppl's former supply segment and included in "income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) in 2014.
(b)   in march 2014, a $9 million loss was recorded related to ppl capital funding's remarketing and debt exchange of the junior subordinated notes originally issued in april 2011 as a component of the 2011 equity units.
38
income taxes the increase (decrease) in income taxes was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
change in pre-tax income at current period tax rates                       $184                    $(18      )
valuation allowance adjustments (a)                                          (8      )              (31      )
federal and state tax reserve adjustments (b)                                22                     (21      )
u.s. income tax on foreign earnings net of foreign tax credit (c)           (50      )              (55      )
u.k. finance act adjustments (d)                                             42                     (90      )
interest benefit on u.k. financing activities                                 3                     (15      )
stock-based compensation (e)                                                (10      )                -
other                                                                         -          3
total                                                                      $183                   $(227      )
(a)   during 2016, ppl recorded deferred tax expense for valuation allowances primarily related to the increase in pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards expected to be unutilized.
during 2015, ppl recorded $24 million of deferred income tax expense related to deferred tax valuation allowances. ppl recorded state deferred income tax expense of $12 million primarily related to increased pennsylvania net operating loss carryforwards expected to be unutilized and $12 million of federal deferred income tax expense primarily related to federal tax credit carryforwards that are expected to expire as a result of lower future taxable earnings due to the extension of bonus depreciation.
as a result of the ppl energy supply spinoff announcement, ppl recorded $50 million of deferred income tax expense during 2014 to adjust the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets primarily for state net operating loss carryforwards that were previously supported by the future earnings of ppl energy supply. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information on the spinoff.
(b)   during 2015, ppl recorded a $9 million tax benefit related to a planned amendment of a prior period tax return and a $12 million tax benefit related to the settlement of the irs audit for the tax years 1998-2011.
(c)   during 2016, ppl recorded lower income taxes primarily attributable to foreign tax credit carryforwards, arising from a decision to amend prior year tax returns to claim foreign tax credits rather than deduct foreign taxes. this decision was prompted by changes to the company's most recent business plan.
during 2015, ppl recorded lower income taxes primarily due to a decrease in taxable dividends.
during 2014, ppl recorded $47 million of income tax expense primarily attributable to taxable dividends.
(d)   the u.k.'s finance act 2016, enacted in september 2016, reduces the u.k. statutory income tax rate from 18% to 17% effective april 1, 2020. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liabilities and recognized a $42 million deferred tax benefit in 2016.
the u.k.'s finance act 2015, enacted in november 2015, reduces the u.k. statutory income tax rate from 20% to 19% effective april 1, 2017 and from 19% to 18% effective april 1, 2020. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liabilities and recognized a $90 million deferred tax benefit in 2015 related to both rate decreases.
(e)   during 2016, ppl recorded lower income tax expense related to the application of new stock-based compensation accounting guidance. see note 1 of the financial statements for additional information.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) for 2015 and 2014 includes the results of operations of ppl energy supply, which was spun off from ppl on june 1, 2015 and substantially represents ppl's former supply segment. see "discontinued operations" in note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
segment earnings ppl's net income by reportable segments were as follows:
change
2016                                                       2015                2014            2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
u.k. regulated                   $1,246              $1,121                $982                  $125                    $139
kentucky regulated                  398                 326                 312                    72                      14
pennsylvania regulated              338                 252                 263                    86                     (11      )
corporate and other (a)             (80   )             (96   )            (120   )                16                      24
discontinued operations (b)           -                (921   )             300                   921                  (1,221      )
net income                       $1,902                $682              $1,737                $1,220                 $(1,055      )
39
(a)   primarily represents financing and certain other costs incurred at the corporate level that have not been allocated or assigned to the segments, which are presented to reconcile segment information to ppl's consolidated results. 2015 and 2014 include certain costs related to the spinoff of ppl energy supply. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)   as a result of the spinoff of ppl energy supply, substantially representing ppl's former supply segment, the earnings of the supply segment prior to the spinoff are included in discontinued operations. 2015 includes an $879 million charge reflecting the difference between ppl's recorded value for the supply segment and its estimated fair value as of the spinoff date, determined in accordance with the applicable accounting rules under gaap. see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
earnings from ongoing operations management utilizes "earnings from ongoing operations" as a non-gaap financial measure that should not be considered as an alternative to net income, an indicator of operating performance determined in accordance with gaap. ppl believes that earnings from ongoing operations is useful and meaningful to investors because it provides management's view of ppl's earnings performance as another criterion in making investment decisions. in addition, ppl's management uses earnings from ongoing operations in measuring achievement of certain corporate performance goals, including targets for certain executive incentive compensation. other companies may use different measures to present financial performance.
earnings from ongoing operations is adjusted for the impact of special items. special items are presented in the financial tables on an after-tax basis with the related income taxes on special items separately disclosed. income taxes on special items, when applicable, are calculated based on the effective tax rate of the entity where the activity is recorded. earnings from ongoing operations for 2014 also reflects, within the corporate and other category, the impact of spinoff dissynergies that, if not mitigated, would remain with ppl after completion of the spinoff. special items include:
•   unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency-related economic hedges (as discussed below).
•   supply segment discontinued operations.
•   gains and losses on sales of assets not in the ordinary course of business.
•   impairment charges.
•   workforce reduction and other restructuring effects.
•   acquisition and divestiture-related adjustments.
•   other charges or credits that are, in management's view, non-recurring or otherwise not reflective of the company's ongoing operations.
unrealized gains or losses on foreign currency economic hedges include the changes in fair value of foreign currency contracts used to hedge gbp-denominated anticipated earnings. the changes in fair value of these contracts are recognized immediately within gaap earnings. management believes that excluding these amounts from earnings from ongoing operations until settlement of the contracts provides a better matching of the financial impacts of those contracts with the economic value of ppl's underlying hedged earnings. see note 17 to the financial statements and "risk management" below for additional information on foreign currency-related economic activity.
ppl's earnings from ongoing operations by reportable segment were as follows:
change
2016                                                            2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
u.k. regulated                        $1,015                $968                $907                  $47                     $61
kentucky regulated                       398                 343                 312                   55                      31
pennsylvania regulated                   338                 252                 265                   86                     (13      )
corporate and other (a)(b)               (77   )             (74   )            (135   )               (3      )               61
earnings from ongoing operations      $1,674              $1,489              $1,349                 $185                    $140
(a)   2014 was adjusted to include costs that were previously allocated to the supply segment that would remain with ppl after the completion of the transaction, if left unmitigated.
(b)   costs were lower in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to the benefits of corporate restructuring.
see "reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations" below for a reconciliation of this non-gaap financial measure to net income.
u.k. regulated segment the u.k. regulated segment consists of ppl global, which primarily includes wpd's regulated electricity distribution operations, the results of hedging the translation of wpd's earnings from gbp into u.s. dollars, and certain costs, such as u.s.
40
income taxes, administrative costs, and certain acquisition-related financing costs. the u.k. regulated segment represents 66% of ppl's net income for 2016 and 38% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2016.
net income and earnings from ongoing operations include the following results.
change
2016                                                            2015                2014            2016 vs. 2015            2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues                    $2,207              $2,410              $2,621                 $(203      )             $(211      )
other operation and maintenance          344                 477                 482                  (133      )                (5      )
depreciation                             233                 242                 337                    (9      )               (95      )
taxes, other than income                 135                 148                 157                   (13      )                (9      )
total operating expenses                 712                 867                 976                  (155      )              (109      )
other income (expense) - net             386                 123                 127                   263                       (4      )
interest expense                         402                 417                 461                   (15      )               (44      )
income taxes                             233                 128                 329                   105                     (201      )
net income                             1,246               1,121                 982                   125                      139
less: special items                      231                 153                  75                    78                       78
earnings from ongoing operations      $1,015                $968                $907                   $47                      $61
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the u.k. regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations.
income statement line item                   2016              2015   2014
foreign currency-related economic hedges, net of tax of $4, ($30), ($68) (a)   other income (expense) - net          $(8       )           $55           $127
settlement of foreign currency contracts, net of tax of ($108), $0, $0 (b)     other income (expense) - net              202                 -           -
change in u.k. tax rate (c)                                                    income taxes                               37                78           -
wpd midlands acquisition-related adjustment, net of tax of $0, ($1), $0        other operation and maintenance       -                       2           -
settlement of certain income tax positions (d)                                 income taxes                          -                      18           -
change in wpd line loss accrual, net of tax of $0, $0, $13 (e)                 operating revenues                    -                       -           (52       )
total                                                                                                                $231                 $153           $75
(a)   represents unrealized gains (losses) on contracts that economically hedge anticipated gbp-denominated earnings. 2016 includes the reversal of $310 million ($202 million after-tax) of unrealized gains related to the settlement of 2017 and 2018 contracts.
(b)   in 2016, ppl settled 2017 and 2018 foreign currency contracts, resulting in $310 million of cash received ($202 million after-tax). the settlement did not have a material impact on net income as the contracts were previously marked to fair value and recognized in "other income (expense) - net" on the statement of income. see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)   the u.k. finance acts of 2016 and 2015 reduced the u.k.'s statutory income tax rates. as a result, ppl reduced its net deferred tax liability and recognized a deferred tax benefit in 2016 and 2015. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   relates to the april 2015 settlement of the irs audit for the tax years 1998-2011. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information.
(e)   in 2014, ofgem issued its final decision on the dpcr4 line loss incentives and penalties mechanism. as a result, during 2014 wpd increased its existing liability for over-recovery of line losses. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
the changes in the components of the u.k. regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as u.k. gross margins, the items that management considers special and the effects of movements in foreign currency exchange, including the effects of foreign currency hedge contracts, on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line items.
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
u.k.
gross margins                             $62                   $(110      )
other operation and maintenance            94                     (14      )
depreciation                              (18      )               76
interest expense                          (28      )                3
other                                      (3      )               (5      )
income taxes                              (18      )               48
41
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
u.s.
interest expense and other                      (2      )               12
income taxes                                    41                      55
foreign currency exchange, after-tax           (81      )               (4      )
earnings from ongoing operations                47                      61
special items, after-tax                        78                      78
net income                                    $125                    $139
u.k.
•   see "margins - changes in margins" for an explanation of u.k. gross margins.
•   lower other operation and maintenance expense in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to $86 million from lower pension expense due to an increase in estimated returns on higher asset balances and lower interest costs due to a change in the discount rate methodology.
•   lower depreciation expense in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to an $84 million impact of an extension of the network asset lives. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
•   lower income taxes in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to $25 million from lower u.k. tax rates and $11 million from lower pre-tax income.
u.s.
•   lower income taxes in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a benefit related to foreign tax credit carryforwards.
•   lower income taxes in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to decreases in taxable dividends.
kentucky regulated segment the kentucky regulated segment consists primarily of lke's regulated electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of lg&e and ku, as well as lg&e's regulated distribution and sale of natural gas. in addition, certain acquisition-related financing costs are allocated to the kentucky regulated segment. the kentucky regulated segment represents 21% of ppl's net income for 2016 and 37% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2016.
net income and earnings from ongoing operations include the following results.
change
2016                                                            2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues                    $3,141              $3,115              $3,168                  $26                    $(53      )
fuel                                     791                 863                 965                  (72      )             (102      )
energy purchases                         171                 184                 253                  (13      )              (69      )
other operation and maintenance          804                 837                 815                  (33      )               22
depreciation                             404                 382                 354                   22                      28
taxes, other than income                  62                  57                  52                    5                       5
total operating expenses               2,232               2,323               2,439                  (91      )             (116      )
other income (expense) - net              (9   )             (13   )              (9   )                4                      (4      )
interest expense                         260                 232                 219                   28                      13
income taxes                             242                 221                 189                   21                      32
net income                               398                 326                 312                   72                      14
less: special items                        -                 (17   )               -                   17                     (17      )
earnings from ongoing operations        $398                $343                $312                  $55                     $31
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the kentucky regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations.
42
income statement line item     2016            2015              2014
certain income tax valuation allowances (a)                        income taxes                       $-              $(12      )       $-
lke acquisition-related adjustment, net of tax of $0, $0, $0 (b)   other income (expense) - net       -               (5        )       -
total                                                                                                 $-              $(17      )       $-
(a)   recorded at lke and represents a valuation allowance against tax credits expiring through 2020 that are more likely than not to expire before being utilized.
(b)   recorded at ppl and allocated to the kentucky regulated segment. the amount represents a settlement between e.on ag (a german corporation and the indirect parent of e.on us investments corp., the former parent of lke) and ppl for a tax matter.
the changes in the components of the kentucky regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as kentucky gross margins and the items that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line item.
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
kentucky gross margins                     $83                     $88
other operation and maintenance             42                     (21      )
depreciation                                (4      )               (1      )
taxes, other than income                    (4      )               (3      )
other income (expense) - net                (1      )                1
interest expense                           (28      )              (13      )
income taxes                               (33      )              (20      )
earnings from ongoing operations            55                      31
special items, after-tax                    17                     (17      )
net income                                 $72                     $14
•   see "margins - changes in margins" for an explanation of kentucky gross margins.
•   lower other operation and maintenance expense in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a $29 million reduction of costs as a result of coal units retired in 2015 at the cane run and green river plants, partially offset by $5 million of additional costs for cane run unit 7 plant operations and $12 million of lower pension expense mainly due to higher discount rates and deferred amortization of actuarial losses.
•   higher other operation and maintenance expense in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to $14 million of higher pension expense and $11 million of higher costs related to the cane run units' retirements consisting of an inventory write-down and separation benefits, partially offset by $7 million of lower storm costs and lower bad debt expense of $6 million.
•   higher interest expense for both periods primarily due to the september 2015 issuance of $550 million of incremental first mortgage bonds by lg&amp;e and ku, higher interest rates on the september 2015 issuance of $500 million of first mortgage bonds by lg&amp;e and ku used to retire the same amount of first mortgage bonds in november 2015 and $400 million of notes refinanced by lke with an affiliate in november 2015.
•   higher income taxes for both periods primarily due to higher pre-tax income.
pennsylvania regulated segment the pennsylvania regulated segment includes the regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations of ppl electric. in addition, certain costs are allocated to the pennsylvania regulated segment. the pennsylvania regulated segment represents 18% of ppl's net income for 2016 and 25% of ppl's assets at december 31, 2016.
net income and earnings from ongoing operations include the following results.
43
change
2016                                                            2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues                    $2,156              $2,124              $2,044                  $32                     $80
energy purchases external                                 535                 657                 587                 (122      )               70
intersegment                               -                  14                  84                  (14      )              (70      )
other operation and maintenance          601                 607                 543                   (6      )               64
depreciation                             253                 214                 185                   39                      29
taxes, other than income                 105                  94                 107                   11                     (13      )
total operating expenses               1,494               1,586               1,506                  (92      )               80
other income (expense) - net              17                   8                   7                    9                       1
interest expense                         129                 130                 122                   (1      )                8
income taxes                             212                 164                 160                   48                       4
net income                               338                 252                 263                   86                     (11      )
less: special items                        -                   -                  (2   )                -                       2
earnings from ongoing operations        $338                $252                $265                  $86                    $(13      )
the following after-tax loss, which management considers a special item, impacted the pennsylvania regulated segment's results and is excluded from earnings from ongoing operations.
income statement line item        2016            2015            2014
separation benefits, net of tax of $0, $0, $1 (a)   other operation and maintenance       $-              $-              $(2     )
(a)   in june 2014, ppl electric's largest ibew local ratified a new three-year labor agreement. in connection with the new agreement, bargaining unit one-time voluntary retirement benefits were recorded.
the changes in the components of the pennsylvania regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania gross margins and the item that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line item.
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
pennsylvania gross margins                $177                     $65
other operation and maintenance              -                     (58      )
depreciation                               (39      )              (29      )
taxes, other than income                   (14      )               18
other income (expense) - net                 9                       1
interest expense                             1                      (8      )
income taxes                               (48      )               (2      )
earnings from ongoing operations            86                     (13      )
special item, after-tax                      -                       2
net income                                 $86                    $(11      )
•   see "margins - changes in margins" for an explanation of pennsylvania gross margins.
•   other operation and maintenance expense for 2016 was comparable with 2015 primarily due to $26 million of lower payroll related expenses, partially offset by $8 million of higher corporate service costs allocated to ppl electric, $8 million of higher costs for additional work done by outside vendors and other costs, which were not individually significant in comparison to the prior year.
•   higher other operation and maintenance expense for 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to $30 million of higher corporate service costs allocated to ppl electric, $11 million of higher vegetation management expenses and related costs for additional work done by outside vendors and $5 million of higher bad debt expenses.
•   higher depreciation expense for both periods primarily due to transmission and distribution additions placed into service related to the ongoing efforts to improve reliability and replace aging infrastructure, net of retirements.
•   higher taxes, other than income for 2016 compared with 2015 and lower taxes, other than income for 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to the settlement of a 2011 gross receipts tax audit resulting in the reversal of $17 million of previously recognized reserves in 2015.
44
•   higher income taxes in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to higher pre-tax income.
reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations the following tables contain after-tax gains (losses), in total, which management considers special items, that are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations and a reconciliation to ppl's "net income" for the years ended december 31.
2016
u.k.      ky                   pa                   corporate                     total regulated      regulated            regulated            and other net income                                                          $1,246            $398                 $338                 $(80        )            $1,902
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency-related economic hedges, net of tax of $4              (8     )      -                    -                    -                            (8   )
spinoff of the supply segment, net of tax of $2                          -            -                    -                    (3          )                (3   )
other:
settlement of foreign currency contracts, net of tax of ($108)         202            -                    -                    -                           202
change in u.k. tax rate                                                 37            -                    -                    -                            37
total special items                                                    231            -                    -                    (3          )               228
earnings from ongoing operations                                    $1,015            $398                 $338                 $(77        )            $1,674
2015
u.k. regulated      ky regulated            pa regulated            corporate and other           discontinued operations                  total net income                                                             $1,121             $326                    $252                    $(96              )           $(921               )                 $682
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency-related economic hedges, net of tax of ($30)              55             -                       -                       -                             -                                       55
spinoff of the supply segment:
discontinued operations, net of tax of $30                                  -             -                       -                       -                             (921                )                 (921   )
transition and transaction costs, net of tax of $6                          -             -                       -                       (12               )           -                                      (12   )
employee transitional services, net of tax of $2                            -             -                       -                       (5                )           -                                       (5   )
separation benefits, net of tax of $3                                       -             -                       -                       (5                )           -                                       (5   )
other:
change in u.k. tax rate                                                    78             -                       -                       -                             -                                       78
settlement of certain income tax positions                                 18             -                       -                       -                             -                                       18
wpd midlands acquisition-related adjustment, net of tax of ($1)             2             -                       -                       -                             -                                        2
certain income tax valuation allowances                                     -             (12           )         -                       -                             -                                      (12   )
lke acquisition-related adjustment, net of tax of $0                        -             (5            )         -                       -                             -                                       (5   )
total special items                                                       153             (17           )         -                       (22               )           (921                )                 (807   )
earnings from ongoing operations                                         $968             $343                    $252                    $(74              )           $-                                  $1,489
2014
u.k.regulated           kyregulated          paregulated                corporateand other            discontinuedoperations               total net income                                                      $982                    $312                 $263                           $(120        )                    $300                    $1,737
less: special items (expense) benefit:
foreign currency-related economic hedges, net of tax of ($68)   127                     -                    -                                  -                                -                       127
spinoff of the supply segment:
supply segment earnings, net of tax of ($93)                    -                       -                    -                                  -                              307                       307
discontinued operations adjustments, net of tax of $3, ($3)     -                       -                    -                                 (5        )                       5                         -
change in tax valuation allowances                              -                       -                    -                                (46        )                       -                       (46   )
transition and transaction costs, net of tax of $3, $7          -                       -                    -                                 (5        )                     (12         )             (17   )
separation benefits, net of tax of $6                           -                       -                    -                                (12        )                       -                       (12   )
45
2014
u.k.regulated           kyregulated          paregulated                corporateand other       discontinuedoperations                    total other:
change in wpd line loss accrual, net of tax of $13          (52           )         -                    -                                  -                -                                       (52   )
separation benefits, net of tax of $1                       -                       -                    (2          )                      -                -                                        (2   )
total special items                                         75                      -                    (2          )                    (68        )                     300                       305
dissynergies-spinoff of supply segment expense (benefit):
indirect operation and maintenance, net of tax of ($33)     -                       -                    -                                 47                -                                        47
interest expense, net of tax of ($20)                       -                       -                    -                                 29                -                                        29
depreciation, net of tax of ($5)                            -                       -                    -                                  7                -                                         7
total dissynergies-spinoff of supply segment                -                       -                    -                                 83                -                                        83
earnings from ongoing operations                            $907                    $312                 $265                           $(135        )       $-                                   $1,349
margins management also utilizes the following non-gaap financial measures as indicators of performance for its businesses.
•   "u.k. gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity distribution operations of the u.k. regulated segment. in calculating this measure, direct costs such as connection charges from national grid, which owns and manages the electricity transmission network in england and wales, and ofgem license fees (recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from operating revenues, as they are costs passed through to customers. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from the delivery of electricity across wpd's distribution network in the u.k. and directly related activities.
•   "kentucky gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of the kentucky regulated segment, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, as well as the kentucky regulated segment's, lke's and lg&amp;e's distribution and sale of natural gas. in calculating this measure, fuel, energy purchases and certain variable costs of production (recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from operating revenues. in addition, certain other expenses, recorded in "other operation and maintenance", "depreciation" and "taxes, other than income" on the statements of income, associated with approved cost recovery mechanisms are offset against the recovery of those expenses, which are included in operating revenues. these mechanisms allow for direct recovery of these expenses and, in some cases, returns on capital investments and performance incentives. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from electricity and gas operations.
•   "pennsylvania gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity transmission and distribution operations of the pennsylvania regulated segment and ppl electric. in calculating this measure, utility revenues and expenses associated with approved recovery mechanisms, including energy provided as a plr, are offset with minimal impact on earnings. costs associated with these mechanisms are recorded in "energy purchases," "other operation and maintenance," (which are primarily act 129 and universal service program costs), and "taxes, other than income," (which is primarily gross receipts tax) on the statements of income. this performance measure includes plr energy purchases by ppl electric from ppl energyplus, which are reflected in "energy purchases from affiliate" in the reconciliation tables. as a result of the june 2015 spinoff of ppl energy supply and the formation of talen energy, ppl energyplus (renamed talen energy marketing) is no longer an affiliate of ppl electric. ppl electric's purchases from talen energy marketing subsequent to may 31, 2015 are reflected in "energy purchases" in the reconciliation tables. this measure represents the net revenues from the pennsylvania regulated segment's and ppl electric's electricity delivery operations.
these measures are not intended to replace "operating income," which is determined in accordance with gaap, as an indicator of overall operating performance. other companies may use different measures to analyze and report their results of operations. management believes these measures provide additional useful criteria to make investment decisions. these performance measures are used, in conjunction with other information, by senior management and ppl's board of directors to manage operations and analyze actual results compared with budget.
46
changes in margins the following table shows margins by ppl's reportable segments and by component, as applicable, for the year ended december 31 as well as the changes between periods. the factors that gave rise to the changes are described following the table.
change
2016                                                                                                  2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
u.k. regulated u.k. gross margins                                                          $2,067              $2,243              $2,527                $(176      )            $(284      )
impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates                                                                                       (238      )             (174      )
u.k. gross margins excluding impact of foreign currency exchange rates                                                                      $62                   $(110      )
kentucky regulated kentucky gross margins lg&amp;e                                                                      $887                $867                $833                  $20                     $34
ku                                                                           1,122               1,059               1,005                   63                      54
total kentucky gross margins                                                $2,009              $1,926              $1,838                  $83                     $88
pennsylvania regulated pennsylvania gross margins distribution                                                                  $960                $842                $837                 $118                      $5
transmission                                                                   454                 395                 335                   59                      60
total pennsylvania gross margins                                            $1,414              $1,237              $1,172                 $177                     $65
u.k. gross margins u.k. gross margins, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to $166 million from the april 1, 2016 price increase, which includes $39 million of the recovery of prior customer rebates, and $21 million of other revenue adjustments in the first quarter of 2016, partially offset by $89 million from the april 1, 2015 price decrease resulting from the commencement of riio-ed1 and $36 million from lower volumes.
u.k. gross margins, excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to $171 million from the april 1, 2015 price decrease resulting from the commencement of riio-ed1, partially offset by $46 million from the april 1, 2014 price increase.
kentucky gross margins kentucky gross margins increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to higher base rates of $68 million ($4 million at lg&e and $64 million at ku) and returns on additional environmental capital investments of $13 million at lg&e. the increases in base rates were the result of new rates approved by the kpsc effective july 1, 2015.
kentucky gross margins increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher base rates of $64 million ($3 million at lg&e and $61 million at ku) and returns on additional environmental capital investments of $53 million ($36 million at lg&e and $17 million at ku). the increases in base rates were the result of new rates approved by the kpsc effective july 1, 2015. these increases were partially offset by lower sales volumes of $28 million ($5 million at lg&e and $23 million at ku) driven by milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015.
pennsylvania gross margins distribution distribution margins increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to $121 million of higher base rates, effective january 1, 2016 as a result of the 2015 rate case.
47
distribution margins increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to returns on additional distribution improvement capital investments of $17 million partially offset by a $12 million benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2014 as a result of a change in estimate of a regulatory liability.
transmission transmission margins increased for both periods primarily due to returns on additional capital investments focused on replacing the aging infrastructure and improving reliability.
reconciliation of margins the following tables contain the components from the statement of income that are included in the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation to ppl's "operating income" for the years ended december 31.
2016
u.k.grossmargins                  kentuckygrossmargins           pagrossmargins             other (a)            operatingincome (b)
operating revenues                $2,165                  (c)            $3,141                     $2,156                    $55                      $7,517
operating expenses fuel                              -                                         791                          -                      -                         791
energy purchases                  -                                         171                        535                      -                         706
other operation and maintenance   98                                        109                        108                  1,430                       1,745
depreciation                      -                                          56                          -                    870                         926
taxes, other than income          -                                           5                         99                    197                         301
total operating expenses          98                                      1,132                        742                  2,497                       4,469
total                             $2,067                                 $2,009                     $1,414                $(2,442     )                $3,048
2015
u.k.grossmargins                  kentuckygrossmargins                   pa             other (a)            operatingincome (b)
gross margins operating revenues                $2,364                  (c)            $3,115                   $2,124                  $66                      $7,669
operating expenses fuel                              -                                         863                        -                    -                         863
energy purchases                  -                                         184                      657                   14                         855
energy purchases from affiliate   -                                           -                       14                  (14     )                     -
other operation and maintenance   121                                       100                      114                1,603                       1,938
depreciation                      -                                          38                        -                  845                         883
taxes, other than income          -                                           4                      102                  193                         299
total operating expenses          121                                     1,189                      887                2,641                       4,838
total                             $2,243                                 $1,926                   $1,237              $(2,575     )                $2,831
2014
u.k.grossmargins                  kentuckygrossmargins                   pa             other (a)            operatingincome (b)
gross margins operating revenues                $2,638                  (c)            $3,168                   $2,044                   $2                      $7,852
operating expenses fuel                              -                                         965                        -                    -                         965
energy purchases                  -                                         253                      587                   84                         924
energy purchases from affiliate   -                                           -                       84                  (84     )                     -
other operation and maintenance   111                                        99                      103                1,543                       1,856
depreciation                      -                                          11                        -                  912                         923
taxes, other than income          -                                           2                       98                  217                         317
total operating expenses          111                                     1,330                      872                2,672                       4,985
total                             $2,527                                 $1,838                   $1,172              $(2,670     )                $2,867
48
(a)   represents amounts excluded from margins.
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
(c)   2016, 2015 and 2014 exclude $42 million, $46 million and $48 million of ancillary activity revenues. 2014 also excludes $65 million of revenue reductions related to adjustments to wpd's line loss accrual related to dpcr4, which is considered a special item.
2017 outlook
(ppl)
lower net income is projected in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily from a lower assumed gbp exchange rate in 2017 and 2016 tax benefits that are not expected to repeat in 2017. the following projections and factors underlying these projections (on an after-tax basis) are provided for ppl's segments and the corporate and other category and the related registrants.
(ppl's u.k. regulated segment)
lower net income is projected in 2017 compared with 2016 due to a lower assumed gbp exchange rate in 2017, lower incentive revenues, higher interest expense, higher depreciation expense and higher income taxes, partially offset by lower operation and maintenance expense, including pension expense.
(ppl's kentucky regulated segment and lke, lg&e and ku)
slightly higher net income is projected in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily driven by electricity and gas base rate increases, partially offset by higher operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense.
(ppl's pennsylvania regulated segment and ppl electric)
relatively flat net income is projected in 2017 compared with 2016 primarily driven by higher transmission earnings and lower operation and maintenance expense, offset by higher depreciation expense, higher interest expense and higher income taxes.
(ppl's corporate and other category)
relatively flat costs are projected in 2017 compared with 2016.
(all registrants)
earnings in future periods are subject to various risks and uncertainties. see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 1a. risk factors," the rest of this item 7, and notes 1, 6 and 13 to the financial statements (as applicable) for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties and factors that may impact future earnings.
49
ppl electric: statement of income analysis, earnings and margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
2016                                                           2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues                   $2,156              $2,124              $2,044                  $32                     $80
operating expenses operation energy purchases                        535                 657                 587                 (122      )               70
energy purchases from affiliate           -                  14                  84                  (14      )              (70      )
other operation and maintenance         599                 607                 543                   (8      )               64
depreciation                            253                 214                 185                   39                      29
taxes, other than income                105                  94                 107                   11                     (13      )
total operating expenses              1,492               1,586               1,506                  (94      )               80
other income (expense) - net             17                   8                   7                    9                       1
interest expense                        129                 130                 122                   (1      )                8
income taxes                            212                 164                 160                   48                       4
net income                             $340                $252                $263                  $88                    $(11      )
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
distribution price (a)             $126                     $22
distribution volume                  (9      )               (4      )
plr (b)                            (135      )               15
transmission formula rate            59                      60
other                                (9      )              (13      )
total                               $32                     $80
(a)   distribution rate case effective january 1, 2016, resulted in increases of $160 million for the year ended december 31, 2016.
(b)   in 2016 compared with 2015 the decrease was primarily due to lower energy purchase prices as described below.
energy purchases energy purchases decreased $122 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to lower plr prices of $124 million. energy purchases increased $70 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher plr volumes of $73 million.
energy purchases from affiliate energy purchases from affiliate decreased by $14 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased $70 million in 2015 compared with 2014 as a result of the june 1, 2015 ppl energy supply spinoff.
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
50
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
act 129                              $(15      )               $9
universal service programs              3                       6
contractor-related expenses             7                       7
vegetation management                   4                       7
payroll-related costs                 (26      )                2
corporate service costs (a)             8                      30
storm costs                             9                     (11      )
bad debts                              (4      )                6
environmental costs                    (6      )                5
other                                  12                       3
total                                 $(8      )              $64
(a)   the increase in 2015 compared with 2014 was due to higher corporate support costs charged to electric utilities primarily as a result of the spinoff of ppl energy supply.
depreciation depreciation increased by $39 million in 2016 compared with 2015, and by $29 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to additional assets placed into service, related to the ongoing efforts to ensure the reliability of the delivery system and the replacement of aging infrastructure, net of retirements.
taxes, other than income taxes, other than income increased by $11 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and decreased by $13 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to the settlement, in 2015, of a 2011 gross receipts tax audit that resulted in the reversal of $17 million of previously recognized reserves.
income taxes the increase (decrease) in income taxes was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
change in pre-tax income               $58                      $1
depreciation not normalized             (5      )                2
stock-based compensation (a)            (6      )                -
other                                    1                       1
total                                  $48                      $4
(a)   during 2016, ppl electric recorded lower income tax expense related to the application of the new stock-based compensation accounting guidance. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
earnings
2016                                                 2015              2014
net income                                $340              $252              $263
special item, gain (loss), after-tax         -                 -                (2   )
earnings increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to higher base electricity rates for distribution effective january 1, 2016, and higher transmission margins from additional capital investments, partially offset by higher depreciation expense and the release of a gross receipts tax reserve in 2015.
earnings decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher other operation and maintenance expense and higher depreciation expense, partially offset by returns on additional transmission and distribution improvement capital investments and the release of a gross receipts tax reserve in 2015.
51
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania gross margins and an item that management considers special on separate lines within the table and not in their respective statement of income line items.
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
pennsylvania gross margins               $177                     $65
other operation and maintenance             2                     (58      )
depreciation                              (39      )              (29      )
taxes, other than income                  (14      )               18
other income (expense) - net                9                       1
interest expense                            1                      (8      )
income taxes                              (48      )               (2      )
special item, after-tax                     -                       2
net income                                $88                    $(11      )
margins
"pennsylvania gross margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for information on why management believes this measure is useful and for explanations of the underlying drivers of the changes between periods.
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
2016                                                                                                                                                                           2015
pagrossmargins       other (a)                  operatingincome (b)                   pa       other (a)                  operatingincome (b)
gross margins operating revenues                     $2,156              $-                             $2,156                   $2,124            $-                             $2,124
operating expenses energy purchases                          535              -                                 535                      657            -                                 657
energy purchases from affiliate             -              -                                   -                       14            -                                  14
other operation and maintenance           108                    491                         599                      114                  493                         607
depreciation                                -                    253                         253                        -                  214                         214
taxes, other than income                   99                      6                         105                      102            (8          )                      94
total operating expenses                  742                    750                       1,492                      887                  699                       1,586
total                                  $1,414              $(750       )                    $664                   $1,237            $(699       )                    $538
2014
pa       other (a)                  operatingincome (b)
gross margins operating revenues                   $2,044            $-                             $2,044
operating expenses energy purchases                        587            -                                 587
energy purchases from affiliate          84            -                                  84
other operation and maintenance         103                  440                         543
depreciation                              -                  185                         185
taxes, other than income                 98                    9                         107
total operating expenses                872                  634                       1,506
total                                $1,172            $(634       )                    $538
(a)   represents amounts excluded from margins.
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
52
lke: statement of income analysis, earnings and margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
2016                                                           2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues                   $3,141              $3,115              $3,168                  $26                    $(53      )
operating expenses operation fuel                                    791                 863                 965                  (72      )             (102      )
energy purchases                        171                 184                 253                  (13      )              (69      )
other operation and maintenance         804                 837                 815                  (33      )               22
depreciation                            404                 382                 354                   22                      28
taxes, other than income                 62                  57                  52                    5                       5
total operating expenses              2,232               2,323               2,439                  (91      )             (116      )
other income (expense) - net             (9   )              (8   )              (9   )               (1      )                1
interest expense                        197                 178                 167                   19                      11
interest expense with affiliate          17                   3                   -                   14                       3
income taxes                            257                 239                 209                   18                      30
net income                             $429                $364                $344                  $65                     $20
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
base rates                                 $68                     $64
volumes                                      1                     (85      )
fuel and other energy prices (a)           (81      )             (113      )
ecr                                         39          86
other                                       (1      )               (5      )
total                                      $26                    $(53      )
(a)   decreases due to lower recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to lower commodity costs as described below.
fuel fuel decreased $72 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a decrease in market prices for coal and natural gas.
fuel decreased $102 million in 2015 compared with 2014 due to a $57 million decrease in volumes, driven by milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a $45 million decrease in commodity costs as a result of a decrease in market prices for coal and natural gas.
energy purchases energy purchases decreased $13 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a $9 million decrease in the market price of natural gas and a $5 million decrease in natural gas volumes driven by milder weather during the first quarter of 2016.
energy purchases decreased $69 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to a $38 million decrease in the market price for natural gas and a $30 million decrease in natural gas volumes driven by milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015.
53
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
plant operations and maintenance (a)                                  $(19      )               $9
pension expense                                                        (12      )               14
timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages            (5      )               (1      )
storm costs                                                             (3      )               (7      )
bad debts                                                               (1      )               (6      )
energy efficiency programs                                               5                      (1      )
other                                                                    2                      14
total                                                                 $(33      )              $22
(a)   includes a $29 million reduction of costs in 2016 due to the retirement of cane run and green river coal units partially offset by $5 million of additional costs for cane run unit 7 plant operations.
interest expense interest expense increased $33 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and increased $14 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due the september 2015 issuance of $550 million of incremental first mortgage bonds by lg&e and ku, higher interest rates on the september 2015 issuance of $500 million of first mortgage bonds by lg&e and ku used to retire the same amount of first mortgage bonds in november 2015 and $400 million of notes refinanced with an affiliate in november 2015.
income taxes the increase (decrease) in income taxes was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
higher pre-tax book income                            $32                     $19
certain income tax valuation allowances (a)           (12      )   12
other                                                  (2      )               (1      )
total                                                 $18                     $30
(a)   management considers this a special item. see ppl's "results of operations - segment earnings - kentucky regulated segment" for details of this item.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
earnings
2016                                                     2015              2014
net income                                    $429              $364              $344
special items, gains (losses), after-tax         -               (12   )             -
excluding special items, earnings increased in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to higher base electricity rates effective july 1, 2015, returns on additional environmental capital investments and lower other operation and maintenance expense partially offset by higher interest expense.
excluding special items, earnings increased in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher base rates and returns on additional environmental capital investments partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expense, income taxes, financing costs and lower sales volume. the increases in base rates were the result of new rates approved by the kpsc effective july 1, 2015. the change in sales volume was due to milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as margins and an item that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of
54
income line items.
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
margins                                   $83                     $88
other operation and maintenance            42                     (21      )
depreciation                               (4      )               (1      )
taxes, other than income                   (4      )               (3      )
other income (expense)-net                 (1      )   1
interest expense                          (33      )              (14      )
income taxes                              (30      )              (18      )
special items, after-tax (a)               12                     (12      )
total                                     $65                     $20
(a)   see ppl's "results of operations - segment earnings - kentucky regulated segment" for details of the special item.
margins
"margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the factors underlying changes between periods. within ppl's discussion, lke's margins are referred to as "kentucky gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income" for the periods ended december 31.
2016                                                                                                                                                              2015
margins       other (a)                 operating income (b)              margins       other (a)                   operating income (b)
operating revenues                   $3,141            $-                             $3,141                   $3,115            $-                       $3,115
operating expenses fuel                                    791            -                                 791                      863            -                           863
energy purchases                        171            -                                 171                      184            -                           184
other operation and maintenance         109                  695                         804                      100                  737                   837
depreciation                             56                  348                         404                       38                  344                   382
taxes, other than income                  5                   57                          62                        4                   53                    57
total operating expenses              1,132            1,100                           2,232                    1,189            1,134                     2,323
total                                $2,009            $(1,100     )                    $909                   $1,926            $(1,134     )              $792
2014
margins       other (a)                   operating income (b)
operating revenues                   $3,168            $-                       $3,168
operating expenses fuel                                    965            -                           965
energy purchases                        253            -                           253
other operation and maintenance          99                  716                   815
depreciation                             11                  343                   354
taxes, other than income                  2                   50                    52
total operating expenses              1,330            1,109                     2,439
total                                $1,838            $(1,109     )              $729
(a)   represents amounts excluded from margins.
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
55
lg&e: statement of income analysis, earnings and margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
2016                                                            2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues retail and wholesale                  $1,406              $1,407              $1,445                  $(1      )             $(38      )
electric revenue from affiliate           24                  37                  88                  (13      )              (51      )
total operating revenues               1,430               1,444               1,533                  (14      )              (89      )
operating expenses operation fuel                                     301                 329                 404                  (28      )              (75      )
energy purchases                         153                 166                 230                  (13      )              (64      )
energy purchases from affiliates          14                  20                  14                   (6      )                6
other operation and maintenance          355                 377                 379                  (22      )               (2      )
depreciation                             170                 162                 157                    8                       5
taxes, other than income                  32                  28                  25                    4                       3
total operating expenses               1,025               1,082               1,209                  (57      )             (127      )
other income (expense) - net              (5   )              (6   )              (3   )                1                      (3      )
interest expense                          71                  57                  49                   14                       8
income taxes                             126                 114                 103                   12                      11
net income                              $203                $185                $169                  $18                     $16
operating revenues the increase (decrease) in operating revenues was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
base rates                                  $4                      $3
volumes                                     (8      )              (81      )
fuel and other energy prices (a)           (36      )              (51      )
ecr                                         26          51
other                                        -                     (11      )
total                                     $(14      )             $(89      )
(a)   decreases due to lower recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to lower commodity costs as described below.
fuel fuel decreased $28 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a $24 million decrease in commodity costs as a result of a decrease in market prices for coal and natural gas.
fuel decreased $75 million in 2015 compared with 2014 due to a $65 million decrease in volumes, driven by milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015, and a $10 million decrease in commodity costs as a result of a decrease in market prices for coal and natural gas.
energy purchases energy purchases decreased $13 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a $9 million decrease in the market price of natural gas and a $5 million decrease in natural gas volumes driven by milder weather during the first quarter of 2016.
energy purchases decreased $64 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to a $38 million decrease in the market price for natural gas and a $30 million decrease in natural gas volumes driven by milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015.
56
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
plant operations and maintenance (a)                                  $(21      )              $(1      )
pension expense                                                         (6      )                6
timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages             3                      (3      )
storm costs                                                             (2      )               (4      )
bad debts                                                                -                      (3      )
energy efficiency programs                                               2                      (1      )
other                                                                    2                       4
total                                                                 $(22      )              $(2      )
(a)   includes a $23 million reduction of costs in 2016 due to the retirement of cane run coal units.
interest expense interest expense increased $14 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and increased $8 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to the issuance of $300 million of incremental first mortgage bonds in september 2015 and higher interest rates on $250 million of first mortgage bonds refinanced by lg&e.
earnings
2016                                                         2015              2014
net income                                        $203              $185              $169
special items, gains (losses), after-tax (a)         -                 -                 -
(a)   there are no items management considers special for the periods presented.
earnings in 2016 compared with 2015 increased primarily due to returns on additional environmental capital investments and lower other operation and maintenance expense, partially offset by higher interest expense.
earnings in 2015 compared with 2014 increased primarily due to returns on additional environmental capital investments partially offset by higher income taxes, financing costs and lower sales volume. the change in sales volume was due to milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as margins on a separate line and not in their respective statement of income line items.
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
margins                                   $20                     $34
other operation and maintenance            23                      (3      )
depreciation                                3          9
taxes, other than income                   (3      )               (2      )
other income (expense) - net                1                      (3      )
interest expense                          (14      )               (8      )
income taxes                              (12      )              (11      )
net income                                $18                     $16
margins
"margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the underlying drivers of the changes between periods. within ppl's discussion, lg&e's margins are included in "kentucky gross margins."
57
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income" for the periods ended december 31.
2016                                                                                                                                                     2015
margins       other (a)                   operating              margins       other (a)                   operating income (b)                                                       income (b)
operating revenues                   $1,430            $-                       $1,430                $1,444            $-                       $1,444
operating expenses fuel                                    301            -                           301                   329            -                           329
energy purchases                        167            -                           167                   186            -                           186
other operation and maintenance          43                  312                   355                    42                  335                   377
depreciation                             29                  141                   170                    18                  144                   162
taxes, other than income                  3                   29                    32                     2                   26                    28
total operating expenses                543                  482                 1,025                   577                  505                 1,082
total                                  $887            $(482       )              $405                  $867            $(505       )              $362
2014
margins       other (a)                   operating income (b)
operating revenues                   $1,533            $-                       $1,533
operating expenses fuel                                    404            -                           404
energy purchases                        244            -                           244
other operation and maintenance          47                  332                   379
depreciation                              4                  153                   157
taxes, other than income                  1                   24                    25
total operating expenses                700                  509                 1,209
total                                  $833            $(509       )              $324
(a)   represents amounts excluded from margins.
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
ku: statement of income analysis, earnings and margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results.
change
2016                                                            2015                2014           2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
operating revenues retail and wholesale                  $1,735              $1,708              $1,723                  $27                    $(15      )
electric revenue from affiliate           14                  20                  14                   (6      )                6
total operating revenues               1,749               1,728               1,737                   21                      (9      )
operating expenses operation fuel                                     490                 534                 561                  (44      )              (27      )
energy purchases                          18                  18                  23                    -                      (5      )
energy purchases from affiliates          24                  37                  88                  (13      )              (51      )
other operation and maintenance          424                 435                 408                  (11      )               27
depreciation                             234                 220                 197                   14                      23
taxes, other than income                  30                  29                  27                    1                       2
total operating expenses               1,220               1,273               1,304                  (53      )              (31      )
other income (expense) - net              (5   )               1                  (1   )               (6      )                2
interest expense                          96                  82                  77                   14                       5
income taxes                             163                 140                 135                   23                       5
net income                              $265                $234                $220                  $31                     $14
58
operating revenue the increase (decrease) in operating revenue was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
base rates                                 $64                     $61
volumes                                     (8      )              (28      )
fuel and other energy prices (a)           (47      )              (68      )
ecr                                         13          35
other                                       (1      )               (9      )
total                                      $21                     $(9      )
(a)   decreases due to lower recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to lower commodity costs as described below.
fuel fuel decreased $44 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to a $46 million decrease in commodity costs as a result of a decrease in market prices for coal and natural gas.
fuel decreased $27 million in 2015 compared with 2014 due to a $35 million decrease in commodity costs, as a result of a decrease in market prices for coal, partially offset by an $8 million increase in natural gas volumes driven by cane run unit 7 being placed in-service in june 2015.
energy purchases from affiliate energy purchases from affiliate decreased $13 million in 2016 compared with 2015 primarily due to decreased volumes driven by milder weather in the first quarter of 2016.
energy purchases from affiliate decreased $51 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to decreased volumes driven by cane run unit 7 being placed in-service in june 2015.
other operation and maintenance the increase (decrease) in other operation and maintenance was due to:
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
timing and scope of scheduled generation maintenance outages           $(8      )               $2
pension expense                                                         (8      )               10
plant operations and maintenance                                         2                      10
bad debts                                                               (1      )               (3      )
storm costs                                                             (1      )               (3      )
energy efficiency programs                                               3                       -
other                                                                    2                      11
total                                                                 $(11      )              $27
depreciation depreciation increased $14 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and increased $23 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements.
income taxes income taxes increased $23 million in 2016 compared with 2015 and increased $5 million in 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to higher pre-tax income.
see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
59
earnings
2016                                                         2015              2014
net income                                        $265              $234              $220
special items, gains (losses), after tax (a)         -                 -                 -
(a)   there are no items management considers special for the periods presented.
earnings in 2016 compared with 2015 increased primarily due to higher base electricity rates effective july 1, 2015 and lower other operation and maintenance expense partially offset by higher interest expense.
earnings in 2015 compared with 2014 increased primarily due to higher base rates and returns on additional environmental capital investments partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expense, depreciation expense and lower sales volume. the increases in base rates were the result of new rates approved by the kpsc effective july 1, 2015. the change in sales volume was due to milder weather during the fourth quarter of 2015.
the table below quantifies the changes in the components of net income between these periods, which reflect amounts classified as margins on separate line and not in their respective statement of income line items.
2016 vs. 2015           2015 vs. 2014
margins                                   $63                     $54
other operation and maintenance            19                     (21      )
depreciation                               (7      )              (10      )
taxes, other than income                   (1      )               (1      )
other income (expense) - net               (6      )   2
interest expense                          (14      )               (5      )
income taxes                              (23      )               (5      )
net income                                $31                     $14
margins
"margins" is a non-gaap financial performance measure that management utilizes as an indicator of the performance of its business. see ppl's "results of operations - margins" for an explanation of why management believes this measure is useful and the factors underlying changes between periods. within ppl's discussion, ku's margins are included in "kentucky gross margins."
the following tables contain the components from the statements of income that are included in this non-gaap financial measure and a reconciliation to "operating income."
2016                                                                                                                                                     2015
margins       other (a)                   operating              margins       other (a)                   operating income (b)                                                       income (b)
operating revenues                   $1,749            $-                       $1,749                $1,728            $-                       $1,728
operating expenses fuel                                    490            -                           490                   534            -                           534
energy purchases                         42            -                            42                    55            -                            55
other operation and maintenance          66                  358                   424                    58                  377                   435
depreciation                             27                  207                   234                    20                  200                   220
taxes, other than income                  2                   28                    30                     2                   27                    29
total operating expenses                627                  593                 1,220                   669                  604                 1,273
total                                $1,122            $(593       )              $529                $1,059            $(604       )              $455
60
2014
margins       other (a)                   operating income (b)
operating revenues                   $1,737            $-                       $1,737
operating expenses fuel                                    561            -                           561
energy purchases                        111            -                           111
other operation and maintenance          52                  356                   408
depreciation                              7                  190                   197
taxes, other than income                  1                   26                    27
total operating expenses                732                  572                 1,304
total                                $1,005            $(572       )              $433
(a)   represents amounts excluded from margins.
(b)   as reported on the statements of income.
financial condition the remainder of this item 7 in this form 10-k is presented on a combined basis, providing information, as applicable, for all registrants.
liquidity and capital resources
(all registrants)
the registrants' cash flows from operations and access to cost effective bank and capital markets are subject to risks and uncertainties. see "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that could affect the registrants' cash flows.
the registrants had the following at:
ppl (a)       pplelectric                 lke           lg&amp;e             ku december 31, 2016
cash and cash equivalents             $341            $13                     $13                $5               $7
short-term debt                        923                  295               185               169               16
notes payable with affiliates                         -                       163                 -                -
december 31, 2015
cash and cash equivalents             $836            $47                     $30               $19              $11
short-term debt                        916            -                       265               142               48
notes payable with affiliates                         -                        54                 -                -
december 31, 2014
cash and cash equivalents           $1,399            $214                    $21               $10              $11
short-term investments                 120            -                         -                 -                -
short-term debt                        836            -                       575               264              236
notes payables with affiliates                        -                        41                 -                -
(a)   at december 31, 2016, $5 million of cash and cash equivalents were denominated in gbp. if these amounts would be remitted as dividends, ppl would not anticipate a material incremental u.s. tax cost. historically, dividends paid by foreign subsidiaries have been limited to distributions of the current year's earnings. see note 5 to the financial statements for additional information on undistributed earnings of wpd.
(ppl)
the statements of cash flows separately report the cash flows of the discontinued operations. the "operating activities", "investing activities" and "financing activities" sections below include only the cash flows of continuing operations.
61
(all registrants)
net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31 and the changes between periods were as follows.
ppl           pplelectric                 lke           lg&amp;e                ku
2016
operating activities      $2,890                $872                $1,027              $482               $606
investing activities      (2,918   )          (1,130     )            (790   )          (439    )          (349   )
financing activities        (439   )             224                  (254   )           (57    )          (261   )
2015
operating activities      $2,272                $602                $1,063              $554               $608
investing activities      (3,439   )          (1,108     )          (1,203   )          (689    )          (512   )
financing activities         482                 339                   149               144                (96   )
2014
operating activities      $2,941                $613                  $999              $371               $566
investing activities      (3,826   )            (791     )          (1,191   )          (656    )          (603   )
financing activities         262                 367                   178               287                 27
2016 vs. 2015 change operating activities        $618                $270                  $(36   )          $(72    )           $(2   )
investing activities         521                 (22     )             413               250                163
financing activities        (921   )            (115     )            (403   )          (201    )          (165   )
2015 vs. 2014 change operating activities       $(669   )            $(11     )             $64              $183                $42
investing activities         387                (317     )             (12   )           (33    )            91
financing activities         220                 (28     )             (29   )          (143    )          (123   )
operating activities the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities were as follows.
ppl           pplelectric               lke           lg&amp;e              ku
2016 vs. 2015
change - cash provided (used):
net income                          $299                 $88                 $65               $18              $31
non-cash components                  195                  40                  66                20              (20   )
working capital                       47                 101                (206   )          (100    )         (51   )
defined benefit plan funding          72                  33                 (15   )           (20    )           1
other operating activities             5                   8                  54                10               37
total                               $618                $270                $(36   )          $(72    )         $(2   )
2015 vs. 2014
change - cash provided (used):
net income                          $166                $(11     )           $20               $16              $14
non-cash components                 (280   )             181                (184   )            21              (52   )
working capital                     (341   )            (148     )           335               190              152
defined benefit plan funding        (115   )             (10     )           (25   )           (13    )         (16   )
other operating activities           (99   )             (23     )           (82   )           (31    )         (56   )
total                              $(669   )            $(11     )           $64              $183              $42
62
(ppl)
ppl had a $618 million increase in cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations in 2016 compared with 2015.
•   net income improved by $299 million between the periods. this included an additional $195 million of net non-cash charges, including a $132 million increase in deferred income taxes and $96 million of lower unrealized gains on hedging activity (primarily due to the settlement of hedges in the third quarter of 2016) partially offset by a $96 million increase in defined benefit plan income (primarily due to an increase in estimated returns on higher asset balances and lower interest costs due to a change in the discount rate for the u.k. pension plans).
•   the $47 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in taxes payable (due to timing of payments) and an increase in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments) partially offset by an increase in unbilled revenues (primarily due to favorable weather compared to december 2015), an increase in net regulatory assets/liabilities (due to timing of rate recovery mechanisms) and an increase in accounts receivable (primarily due to increased volumes and favorable weather in 2016).
•   defined benefit plan funding was $72 million lower in 2016.
ppl had a $669 million decrease in cash from operating activities from continuing operations in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   net income improved by $166 million between the periods, but included a decrease in net non-cash charges of $280 million. these net non-cash charges included a $238 million decrease in deferred income taxes and $65 million of changes to the wpd line loss accrual. these decreases in non-cash charges were partially offset by $110 million of lower unrealized gains on hedging activities. the net $114 million decrease from net income and non-cash adjustments between the periods was primarily due to lower margins from the u.k. regulated segment, partially offset by higher margins from the kentucky and pennsylvania regulated segments.
•   the $341 million decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to a decrease in taxes payable (primarily due to a decrease in current income tax expense in 2015) and a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of fuel purchases and payments and unfavorable weather in 2015) partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable (primarily due to unfavorable weather in 2015).
•   the $99 million decrease in cash provided by other operating activities was primarily due to payments of $101 million for the settlement in 2015 of forward starting interest rate swaps.
(ppl electric)
ppl electric had a $270 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2016 compared with 2015.
•   net income improved by $88 million between the periods. this included an additional $40 million of net non-cash benefits primarily due to a $39 million increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to the replacement of aging infrastructure and to ensure system reliability).
•   the $101 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments), an increase in taxes payable (primarily due to timing of payments) and a decrease in prepayments (primarily due to higher tax payments in 2015) partially offset by an increase in net regulatory assets and liabilities (due to timing of rate recovery mechanisms), an increase in unbilled revenues (primarily due to higher volumes and favorable weather compared to december 2015) and an increase in accounts receivable.
•   pension funding was $33 million lower in 2016.
ppl electric had an $11 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   net income decreased by $11 million between the periods and included an additional $181 million of net non-cash charges primarily due to increases in deferred tax expense and depreciation.
•   the $148 million decrease in cash from changes in working capital was partially due to a decrease in taxes payable (primarily due an increase in current income tax benefits in 2015) and a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to milder weather and lower energy prices in december 2015), partially offset by a decrease in accounts receivable (primarily due to improved collection performance).
63
•   pension funding was $10 million higher in 2015.
(lke)
lke had a $36 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2016 compared with 2015.
•   net income improved by $65 million and included an increase of $66 million of net non-cash charges primarily due to a $55 million increase in deferred income taxes and a $22 million increase in depreciation expense.
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by lower tax payments received from ppl for the use of prior year excess tax depreciation deductions. other decreases in cash were related to accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to more favorable weather in december 2016 compared to december 2015, and a decrease in taxes payable due to the timing of payments, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable due to the timing of fuel purchases and payments.
•   defined benefit plan funding was $15 million higher in 2016.
•   the increase in cash from lke's other operating activities was driven primarily by lower payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, partially offset by an increase in aro expenditures.
lke had a $64 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   lke's non-cash components of net income included a $213 million decrease in deferred income taxes, partially offset by a $28 million increase in depreciation due to additional assets in service in 2015. deferred income taxes were lower in 2015 as a large portion of the effect of accelerated tax depreciation did not result in cash as a result of the federal net operating losses.
•   the increase in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by a decrease in income tax receivable as a result of receiving payment from ppl in 2015 for the use of excess tax depreciation deductions in 2014, decreases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to milder weather in december 2015, a decrease in coal inventory as a result of plant retirements, and a decrease in natural gas stored underground due to lower gas prices in 2015, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable due to the timing of fuel purchases and payments.
•   the decrease in cash from lke's other operating activities was driven primarily by $88 million in payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps.
(lg&e)
lg&e had a $72 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2016 compared with 2015.
•   net income improved by $18 million and included an increase of $20 million of net non-cash charges primarily due to a $21 million increase in deferred income taxes.
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by lower tax payments received from lke for the use of prior year excess tax depreciation deductions. other decreases in cash were related to accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to more favorable weather in december 2016 compared to december 2015, and an increase in accounts receivable from affiliates due to higher intercompany settlements associated with energy sales and inventory, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable due to the timing of fuel purchases and payments.
•   defined benefit plan funding was $20 million higher in 2016.
•   the increase in cash from lg&amp;e's other operating activities was driven primarily by lower payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, partially offset by an increase in aro expenditures.
lg&e had a $183 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   lg&amp;e's non-cash components of net income included an $8 million increase in deferred income taxes and a $5 million increase in depreciation due to additional assets in service in 2015.
•   the increase in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by a decrease in income tax receivable as a result of receiving payment from lke in 2015 for the use of excess tax depreciation deductions in 2014, a decrease in accounts receivable from affiliates due to lower fuel costs for jointly owned units compared to an increase in the prior
64
year, a decrease in accounts receivable due to milder weather in december 2015 compared to an increase in the prior year, a decrease in coal inventory as a result of the retirement of cane run coal units, and a decrease in natural gas stored underground due to lower gas prices in 2015, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable due to the timing of fuel purchases and payments compared to an increase in the prior year.
•   the decrease in cash from lg&amp;e's other operating activities was driven primarily by $44 million in payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps.
(ku)
ku had a $2 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2016 compared with 2015.
•   net income improved by $31 million and included a decrease of $20 million of net non-cash charges primarily due to a $34 million decrease in deferred income taxes, partially offset by a $14 million increase in depreciation expense.
•   the decrease in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by lower tax payments received from lke for the use of prior year excess tax depreciation deductions. other decreases in cash were related to accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to more favorable weather in december 2016 compared to december 2015, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable to affiliates due to higher intercompany settlements associated with energy purchases and inventory, and an increase in taxes payable due to the timing of payments.
•   the increase in cash from ku's other operating activities was driven primarily by lower payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps, partially offset by an increase in aro expenditures.
ku had a $42 million increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   ku's non-cash components of net income included a $64 million decrease in deferred income taxes, partially offset by a $23 million increase in depreciation due to additional assets in service in 2015. deferred income taxes were lower in 2015 as a large portion of the effect of accelerated tax depreciation did not result in cash as a result of the federal net operating losses.
•   the increase in cash from changes in working capital was driven primarily by a decrease in income tax receivable as a result of receiving payment from lke in 2015 for the use of excess tax depreciation deductions in 2014, a decrease in coal inventory as a result of the retirement of green river coal units, and decreases in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues due to milder weather in december 2015, partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable to affiliates compared to an increase in the prior year due to lower fuel costs for jointly owned units and a decrease in accounts payable due to the timing of fuel purchases and payments.
•   the decrease in cash from ku's other operating activities was driven primarily by $44 million in payments for the settlement of interest rate swaps.
investing activities
(all registrants)
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities were as follows.
ppl      pplelectric               lke   lg&amp;e                ku
2016 vs. 2015
change - cash provided (used):
expenditures for pp&amp;e           $613          $(28        )        $419       $250              $169
investment activity, net            (134   )      -                       -       -                    -
other investing activities            42                  6              (6   )   -                   (6   )
total                               $521          $(22        )        $413       $250              $163
65
ppl   pplelectric          lke           lg&amp;e          ku
2015 vs. 2014
change - cash provided (used):
expenditures for pp&amp;e                           $141       $(166       )        $52           $(33      )       $85
notes receivable with affiliates activity, net         -       (150        )        (70       )   -                 -
restricted cash and cash equivalent activity         (11   )   -                    -             -                 -
investment activity, net                             256       -                    -             -                 -
other investing activities                             1       (1          )     6                -              6
total                                               $387       $(317       )        $(12      )   $(33      )       $91
(ppl)
for ppl, in 2016 compared with 2015, lower project expenditures at wpd, lg&e and ku were partially offset by higher project expenditures at ppl electric. the decrease in expenditures for wpd was primarily due to a decrease in expenditures to enhance system reliability and a decrease in foreign currency exchange rates. the decrease in expenditures for lg&e was primarily driven by the completion of the environmental air projects at lg&e's mill creek plant. the decrease in expenditures for ku was primarily driven by the completion of the environmental air projects at ku's ghent plant and the ccr project at ku's e.w. brown plant. the increase in expenditures for ppl electric was primarily due to the northern lehigh and greater scranton transmission reliability projects and other various transmission and distribution projects, partially offset by the completion of the northeast pocono reliability project and susquehanna-roseland transmission project.
the change in "investment activity, net" for 2016 compared with 2015 resulted from ppl receiving $136 million during 2015 for the sale of short-term investments.
for ppl, in 2015 compared with 2014, lower project expenditures at wpd and ku were partially offset by higher project expenditures at ppl electric and lg&e. the decrease in expenditures for wpd was primarily due to a decrease in expenditures to enhance system reliability associated with the end of the dpcr5 price control period and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. the decrease in expenditures for ku was related to lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7 which was put into commercial operation in june 2015, and lower expenditures for environmental air projects and ccr projects at ku's ghent and e.w. brown plants. the increase in expenditures for ppl electric was primarily due to the northeast pocono reliability project, smart grid projects and other various projects, partially offset by the completion of the susquehanna-roseland transmission project. the increase in expenditures for lg&e was primarily due to environmental air projects at lg&e's mill creek plant, partially offset by lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7.
the change in "investment activity, net" for 2015 compared with 2014 resulted from ppl receiving $136 million during 2015 for the sale of short-term investments and paying $120 million during 2014 for the purchase of short-term investments.
(ppl electric)
for ppl electric, in 2016 compared with 2015, the increase in expenditures was primarily due to the northern lehigh and greater scranton transmission reliability projects and other various transmission and distribution projects, which was partially offset by the completion of the northeast pocono reliability project and the susquehanna-roseland transmission project.
for ppl electric, in 2015 compared with 2014, the increase in expenditures was primarily due to the northeast pocono reliability project, smart grid projects and other various projects, partially offset by the completion of the susquehanna-roseland transmission project.
the changes in "notes receivable with affiliates activity, net" resulted from proceeds of $150 million received in 2014 from repayments on a note extended in 2013.
(lke)
for lke, in 2016 compared with 2015, cash used in investing activities decreased primarily due to lower pp&e expenditures. the decrease in expenditures for lg&e was primarily driven by completion of the environmental air projects at lg&e's mill creek plant. the decrease in expenditures for ku was primarily driven by completion of the environmental air projects at ku's ghent plant and the ccr project at ku's e.w. brown plant.
66
for lke, in 2015 compared with 2014, cash used in investing activities increased as a result of receiving payment from ppl in 2014 for the notes receivable issued in 2013, partially offset by lower pp&e expenditures. an increase in expenditures for lg&e was primarily due to higher expenditures for environmental air projects at the mill creek plant, partially offset by lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7. a decrease in expenditures for ku was primarily due to lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7 which was put into commercial operation in june 2015, and lower expenditures for environmental air projects and ccr projects at the ghent and the e.w. brown plants.
(lg&e)
for lg&e, in 2016 compared with 2015, cash used in investing activities decreased due to lower pp&e expenditures driven by completion of the environmental air projects at the mill creek plant.
for lg&e, in 2015 compared with 2014, cash used in investing activities increased primarily due to higher expenditures for environmental air projects at the mill creek plant, partially offset by lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7 which was put into commercial operation in june 2015.
(ku)
for ku, in 2016 compared with 2015, cash used in investing activities decreased primarily due to lower pp&e expenditures driven by completion of the environmental air projects at the ghent plant and the ccr project at the e.w. brown plant.
for ku, in 2015 compared with 2014, cash used in investing activities decreased primarily due to lower expenditures for the construction of cane run unit 7 which was put into commercial operation in june 2015, and lower expenditures for environmental air projects and ccr projects at the ghent and the e.w. brown plants.
(all registrants)
see "forecasted uses of cash" for detail regarding projected capital expenditures for the years 2016 through 2020.
financing activities
(all registrants)
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities were as follows.
ppl       pplelectric           lke               lg&amp;e           ku
2016 vs. 2015
change - cash provided (used):
debt issuance/retirement, net                $(824   )       $(248       )         $(175     )       $(325     )        $(250     )
debt issuance/retirement, affiliate                          -                     (400      )       -                  -
stock issuances/redemptions, net               (59   )       -                     -                 -                  -
dividends                                      (26   )       (107        )         -                 (9        )        (95       )
capital contributions/distributions, net                     (55         )         (161      )       (19       )             20
changes in net short-term debt (a)             (65   )   295                           326               149                156
other financing activities                      53           -                           7                 3                  4
total                                        $(921   )       $(115       )         $(403     )       $(201     )        $(165     )
ppl      pplelectric                   lke       lg&amp;e            ku
2015 vs. 2014
change - cash provided (used):
debt issuance/retirement, net                 $1,177          $(38        )            $150          $300           $250
debt issuance/retirement, affiliate                           -                         400             -              -
stock issuances/redemptions, net                (871   )      -                           -             -              -
dividends                                        (37   )      (23         )               -            (7    )        (5   )
capital contributions/distributions, net                             12                  94           (67    )       (91   )
changes in net short-term debt (a)               (53   )             20                (668   )      (366    )      (274   )
other financing activities                         4                  1                  (5   )        (3    )        (3   )
total                                           $220          $(28        )            $(29   )     $(143    )     $(123   )
67
(a)   includes net increase (decrease) in notes payable with affiliates.
(ppl)
for ppl, in 2016 compared with 2015, $921 million less cash from financing activities was required primarily due to improvements in cash from operations of $618 million.
for ppl, in 2015 compared with 2014, $220 million additional cash from financing activities was required including the wpd, lg&e and ku long-term debt issuances in 2015, partially offset by lower common stock issuances in 2015.
(ppl electric)
for ppl electric, in 2016 compared with 2015, $115 million less cash from financing activities was required to support its significant capital expenditure program primarily due to improvements in cash from operations of $270 million.
for ppl electric, in 2015 compared with 2014, $28 million less cash from financing activities was required primarily due to the use of cash on hand which helped support the significant capital expenditure program.
(lke)
for lke, in 2016 compared with 2015, cash provided by financing activities decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in cash required to fund capital and general corporate expenditures.
for lke, in 2015 compared with 2014, cash provided by financing activities decreased as a result of the repayment of short-term debt, partially offset by the $550 million of additional long-term debt issued by lg&e and ku in 2015 and lower distributions to ppl.
(lg&e)
for lg&e, in 2016 compared with 2015, cash provided by financing activities decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in cash required to fund capital and general corporate expenditures.
for lg&e, in 2015 compared with 2014, cash provided by financing activities decreased as a result of the repayment of short-term debt and lower capital contributions from lke, partially offset by the $300 million of additional long-term debt issued in 2015.
(ku)
for ku, in 2016 compared with 2015, cash provided by financing activities decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in cash required to fund capital and general corporate expenditures.
for ku, in 2015 compared with 2014, cash provided by financing activities decreased as a result of the repayment of short-term debt and lower capital contributions from lke, partially offset by the $250 million of additional long-term debt issued in 2015.
(all registrants)
see "long-term debt and equity securities" below for additional information on current year activity. see "forecasted sources of cash" for a discussion of the registrants' plans to issue debt and equity securities, as well as a discussion of credit facility capacity available to the registrants. also see "forecasted uses of cash" for a discussion of ppl's plans to pay dividends on common securities in the future, as well as the registrants' maturities of long-term debt.
long-term debt and equity securities long-term debt and equity securities activity for 2016 included:
68
debt   net stock issuances (a)           retirements   issuances cash flow impact:
ppl                      $1,342                   $930         $144
ppl electric                224                    224
lke                         221                    246
lg&amp;e                    125                    150
ku                           96                     96
(a)   issuances are net of pricing discounts, where applicable, and exclude the impact of debt issuance costs.
see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information about long-term debt.
atm program (ppl)
during 2016, ppl issued 710 thousand shares of common stock under the program at an average price of $35.23 per share, receiving net proceeds of $25 million. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information about the atm program.
forecasted sources of cash
(all registrants)
the registrants expect to continue to have adequate liquidity available from operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, credit facilities and commercial paper issuances. additionally, subject to market conditions, the registrants and their subsidiaries may access the capital markets, and ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku anticipate receiving equity contributions from their parent or member in 2017.
credit facilities the registrants maintain credit facilities to enhance liquidity, provide credit support and provide a backstop to commercial paper programs. amounts borrowed under these credit facilities are reflected in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets. at december 31, 2016, the total committed borrowing capacity under credit facilities and the use of this borrowing capacity were:
external committed capacity   borrowed                 letters ofcreditandcommercialpaperissued           unusedcapacity ppl capital funding credit facilities               $1,400            $-                                            $37                            $1,363
ppl electric credit facility                           650            -                                             296                               354
lke credit facility                                     75            -                                               -                                75
lg&amp;e credit facility                               500            -                                             169                               331
ku credit facilities                                   598            -                                             214                               384
total lke consolidated                               1,173            -                                             383                               790
total u.s. credit facilities (a) (b) (c)            $3,223            $-                                           $716                            $2,507
total u.k. credit facilities (c) (d) (e)        £    1,055            £    279                        £               -                          £    775
(a)   the syndicated credit facilities, as well as ku's letter of credit facility, each contain a financial covenant requiring debt to total capitalization not to exceed 70% for ppl capital funding, ppl electric, lke, lg&amp;e and ku, as calculated in accordance with the facility, and other customary covenants.
(b)   the commitments under the domestic credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group, with no one bank and its affiliates providing an aggregate commitment of more than the following percentages of the total committed capacity: ppl - 10%, ppl electric 7%, lke - 21%, lg&amp;e - 7% and ku - 37%.
(c)   each company pays customary fees under its respective syndicated credit facility, as does ku under its letter of credit facility, and borrowings generally bear interest at libor-based rates plus an applicable margin.
(d)   the facilities contain financial covenants to maintain an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 times consolidated earnings before income taxes, depreciation and amortization and total net debt not in excess of 85% of its rav, calculated in accordance with the credit facility.
69
(e)   the amounts borrowed at december 31, 2016, include a usd-denominated borrowing of $200 million and gbp-denominated borrowings of £119 million, which equated to $148 million. the unused capacity reflects the usd-denominated amount borrowed in gbp of £161 million as of the date borrowed. at december 31, 2016, the usd equivalent of unused capacity under the u.k. committed credit facilities was $969 million.
the commitments under the u.k.'s credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group with no one bank providing more than 13% of the total committed capacity.
in addition to the financial covenants noted in the table above, the credit agreements governing the above credit facilities contain various other covenants. failure to comply with the covenants after applicable grace periods could result in acceleration of repayment of borrowings and/or termination of the agreements. the registrants monitor compliance with the covenants on a regular basis. at december 31, 2016, the registrants were in compliance with these covenants. at this time, the registrants believe that these covenants and other borrowing conditions will not limit access to these funding sources.
see note 7 to the financial statements for further discussion of the registrants' credit facilities.
intercompany (lke, lg&e and ku)
committedcapacity   borrowed                 other usedcapacity           unusedcapacity lke credit facility                $225           $163                            $-                        $62
lg&amp;e money pool (a)             500           -                              169                        331
ku money pool (a)                   500           -                               16                        484
(a)   lg&amp;e and ku participate in an intercompany agreement whereby lke, lg&amp;e and/or ku make available funds up to $500 million at an interest rate based on a market index of commercial paper issues. however, the ferc has authorized a maximum aggregate short-term debt limit for each utility at $500 million from all covered sources.
commercial paper (all registrants)
ppl, ppl electric, lg&e and ku maintain commercial paper programs to provide an additional financing source to fund short-term liquidity needs, as necessary. commercial paper issuances, included in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets, are supported by the respective registrant's syndicated credit facility. the following commercial paper programs were in place at:
december 31, 2016
capacity             commercialpaperissuances           unusedcapacity ppl capital funding      $1,000                            $20                         $980
ppl electric                400                            295                          105
lg&amp;e                    350                            169                          181
ku                          350                             16                          334
total lke                   700                            185                          515
total ppl                $2,100                           $500                       $1,600
in january 2017, ppl electric's commercial paper program capacity was increased to $650 million.
see note 7 to the financial statements for further discussion of the registrants' commercial paper programs.
long-term debt and equity securities
(ppl)
ppl and its subsidiaries are currently authorized to incur, subject to market conditions, up to approximately $3.4 billion of long-term indebtedness in 2017, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
ppl plans to issue, subject to market conditions, up to $350 million of common stock in 2017.
70
(ppl electric)
ppl electric is currently authorized to incur, subject to market conditions, up to approximately $500 million of long-term indebtedness in 2017, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes. ppl electric currently plans to remarket, subject to market conditions, $224 million of its bonds with put dates in 2017.
(lke, lg&e and ku)
lg&e is currently authorized to incur, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to approximately $400 million of long-term indebtedness in 2017, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes. lg&e currently plans to remarket, subject to market conditions, $194 million of its bonds with put dates in 2017.
ku is currently authorized to incur, subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to approximately $100 million of long-term indebtedness in 2017, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures.
contributions from parent/member (ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku)
from time to time, lke's member or the parents of ppl electric, lg&e and ku make capital contributions to subsidiaries. the proceeds from these contributions are used to fund capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes and, in the case of lke, to make contributions to its subsidiaries.
forecasted uses of cash
(all registrants)
in addition to expenditures required for normal operating activities, such as purchased power, payroll, fuel and taxes, the registrants currently expect to incur future cash outflows for capital expenditures, various contractual obligations, payment of dividends on its common stock, distributions by lke to its member, and possibly the purchase or redemption of a portion of debt securities.
capital expenditures the table below shows the registrants' current capital expenditure projections for the years 2017 through 2021. expenditures for the domestic regulated utilities are expected to be recovered through rates, pending regulatory approval.
projected total                2017                2018                2019                2020                2021
ppl construction expenditures (a) (b)
generating facilities                    $862                $220                $212                $195                 $97                $138
distribution facilities                 8,849               1,855               1,743               1,761               1,732               1,758
transmission facilities                 4,077                 900                 881                 875                 859                 562
environmental                           1,435                 329                 438                 210                 220                 238
other                                     664                 137                 215                 189                  66                  57
total capital expenditures            $15,887              $3,441              $3,489              $3,230              $2,974              $2,753
ppl electric (a) (b)
distribution facilities                $1,908                $434                $389                $390                $348                $347
transmission facilities                 3,283                 768                 737                 675                 704                 399
total capital expenditures             $5,191              $1,202              $1,126              $1,065              $1,052                $746
71
projected total                2017                2018                2019              2020              2021
lke (b)
generating facilities             $862                $220                $212                $195               $97              $138
distribution facilities          1,652                 297                 339                 348               325               343
transmission facilities            795                 132                 144                 200               156               163
environmental                    1,435                 329                 438                 210               220               238
other                              636                 129                 209                 184                61                53
total capital expenditures      $5,380              $1,107              $1,342              $1,137              $859              $935
lg&amp;e (b)
generating facilities             $422                $138                $104                 $81               $36               $63
distribution facilities          1,090                 188                 223                 228               216               235
transmission facilities            222                  24                  32                  74                43                49
environmental                      645                 150                 201                  78                95               121
other                              310                  60                 102                  92                28                28
total capital expenditures      $2,689                $560                $662                $553              $418              $496
ku (b)
generating facilities             $440                 $82                $108                $114               $61               $75
distribution facilities            562                 109                 116                 120               109               108
transmission facilities            573                 109                 112                 126               113               113
environmental                      789                 178                 237                 131               126               117
other                              328                  69                 106                  94                32                27
total capital expenditures      $2,692                $547                $679                $585              $441              $440
(a)   construction expenditures include capitalized interest and afudc, which are expected to total approximately $86 million for ppl and $67 million for ppl electric.
(b)   the 2017 total excludes amounts included in accounts payable as of december 31, 2016.
capital expenditure plans are revised periodically to reflect changes in operational, market and regulatory conditions. for the years presented, this table includes ppl electric's asset optimization program to replace aging transmission and distribution assets. this table also includes lke's environmental projects related to existing and proposed epa compliance standards excluding the clean power plan (actual costs may be significantly lower or higher depending on the final requirements and market conditions; most environmental compliance costs incurred by lg&e and ku in serving kpsc jurisdictional customers are generally eligible for recovery through the ecr mechanism). see note 6 to the financial statements for information on lg&e's and ku's ecr mechanism and cpcn filing.
in addition to cash on hand and cash from operations, the registrants plan to fund capital expenditures in 2017 with proceeds from the sources noted below.
source                                    ppl   ppl electric   lke   lg&amp;e   ku issuance of common stock                  x issuance of long-term debt securities     x     x              x     x          x equity contributions from parent/member         x              x     x          x short-term debt                           x     x              x     x          x x = expected funding source.
72
contractual obligations the registrants have assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the ordinary course of conducting business. at december 31, 2016, estimated contractual cash obligations were as follows:
total                2017           2018 - 2019           2020 - 2021            after 2021
ppl long-term debt (a)                                                 $18,399                $518                $484                $2,412               $14,985
interest on long-term debt (b)                                      14,556                 808               1,577                 1,502                10,669
operating leases (c)                                                   118                  31                  42                    19                    26
purchase obligations (d)                                             3,596               1,050               1,179                   579                   788
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet (e)         878                 377                 428                    73                     -
total contractual cash obligations                                 $37,547              $2,784              $3,710                $4,585               $26,468
ppl electric long-term debt (a)                                                  $2,864                $224                  $-                  $500                $2,140
interest on long-term debt (b)                                       2,441                 120                 237                   232                 1,852
unconditional power purchase obligations                               106                  24                  48                    34                     -
total contractual cash obligations                                  $5,411                $368                $285                  $766                $3,992
lke long-term debt (a)                                                  $5,110                $194                $234                $1,225                $3,457
interest on long-term debt (b)                                       3,336                 196                 389                   350                 2,401
operating leases (c)                                                    93                  24                  35                    15                    19
coal and natural gas purchase obligations (f)                        2,165                 575                 955                   409                   226
unconditional power purchase obligations (g)                           705                  29                  57                    58                   561
construction obligations (h)                                           270                 258                   9                     2                     1
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                                    18                  18                   -                     -                     -
other obligations                                                      297                 111                 110                    76                     -
total contractual cash obligations                                 $11,994              $1,405              $1,789                $2,135                $6,665
lg&amp;e long-term debt (a)                                                  $1,634                $194                $138                    $-                $1,302
interest on long-term debt (b)                                       1,257                  61                 118                   112                   966
operating leases (c)                                                    50                  15                  21                     6                     8
coal and natural gas purchase obligations (f)                          912                 248                 416                   163                    85
unconditional power purchase obligations (g)                           488                  20                  39                    40                   389
construction obligations (h)                                           147                 143                   3                     1                     -
other obligations                                                      138                  45                  53                    40                     -
total contractual cash obligations                                  $4,626                $726                $788                  $362                $2,750
ku long-term debt (a)                                                  $2,351                  $-                 $96                  $500                $1,755
interest on long-term debt (b)                                       1,820                  92                 186                   170                 1,372
operating leases (c)                                                    42                   9                  14                     9                    10
coal and natural gas purchase obligations (f)                        1,252                 327                 538                   246                   141
unconditional power purchase obligations (g)                           217                   9                  18                    18                   172
construction obligations (h)                                           105                 102                   2                     1                     -
pension benefit plan obligations (e)                                    18                  18                   -                     -                     -
other obligations                                                      117                  40                  45                    32                     -
total contractual cash obligations                                  $5,922                $597                $899                  $976                $3,450
(a)   reflects principal maturities based on stated maturity or earlier put dates. see note 7 to the financial statements for a discussion of variable-rate remarketable bonds issued on behalf of lg&amp;e and ku. the registrants do not have any significant capital lease obligations.
(b)   assumes interest payments through stated maturity or earlier put dates. for ppl, lke, lg&amp;e and ku the payments herein are subject to change, as payments for debt that is or becomes variable-rate debt have been estimated and for ppl, payments denominated in british pounds sterling have been translated to u.s. dollars at a current foreign currency exchange rate.
(c)   see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)   the amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. primarily includes as
73
applicable, the purchase obligations of electricity, coal, natural gas and limestone, as well as certain construction expenditures, which are also included in the capital expenditures table presented above.
(e)   the amounts for ppl include wpd's contractual deficit pension funding requirements arising from actuarial valuations performed in march 2013 and march 2016. the u.k. electricity regulator currently allows a recovery of a substantial portion of the contributions relating to the plan deficit. the amounts also include contributions made or committed to be made in 2017 for ppl's and lke's u.s. pension plans (for ppl electric, lg&amp;e and ku includes their share of these amounts). based on the current funded status of these plans, except for wpd's plans, no cash contributions are required. see note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of expected contributions.
(f)   represents contracts to purchase coal, natural gas and natural gas transportation. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(g)   represents future minimum payments under ovec power purchase agreements through june 2040. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information.
(h)   represents construction commitments, including commitments for lg&amp;e's and ku's trimble county landfill construction, lg&amp;e's paddy's run plant demolition, ohio falls refurbishment and completion of the mill creek environmental air project, which are also reflected in the capital expenditures table presented above.
dividends/distributions
(ppl)
ppl views dividends as an integral component of shareowner return and expects to continue to pay dividends in amounts that are within the context of maintaining a capitalization structure that supports investment grade credit ratings. in november 2016, ppl declared its quarterly common stock dividend, payable january 3, 2017, at 38 cents per share (equivalent to $1.52 per annum). on february 1, 2017, ppl announced that the company is increasing its common stock dividend to 39.5 cents per share on a quarterly basis (equivalent to $1.58 per annum). future dividends will be declared at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon future earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements and other relevant factors.
see note 8 to the financial statements for information regarding the june 1, 2015 distribution to ppl's shareowners of a newly formed entity, holdco, which at closing owned all of the membership interests of ppl energy supply and all of the common stock of talen energy.
subject to certain exceptions, ppl may not declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock during any period in which ppl capital funding defers interest payments on its 2007 series a junior subordinated notes due 2067 or 2013 series b junior subordinated notes due 2073. at december 31, 2016, no interest payments were deferred.
(ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku)
from time to time, as determined by their respective board of directors, the registrants pay dividends or distributions, as applicable, to their respective shareholders or members. certain of the credit facilities of ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku include minimum debt covenant ratios that could effectively restrict the payment of dividends or distributions.
(all registrants)
see note 7 to the financial statements for these and other restrictions related to distributions on capital interests for the registrants and their subsidiaries.
purchase or redemption of debt securities the registrants will continue to evaluate outstanding debt securities and may decide to purchase or redeem these securities in open market or privately negotiated transactions, in exchange transactions or otherwise, depending upon prevailing market conditions, available cash and other factors, and may be commenced or suspended at any time. the amounts involved may be material.
rating agency actions moody's and s&p have periodically reviewed the credit ratings of the debt of the registrants and their subsidiaries. based on their respective independent reviews, the rating agencies may make certain ratings revisions or ratings affirmations.
a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the creditworthiness associated with an issuer and particular securities that it issues. the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries are based on information provided by the registrants and other sources. the ratings of moody's and s&p are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any securities of the registrants or their subsidiaries. such ratings may be subject to revisions or withdrawal by the agencies at any time and should be evaluated independently of each other and any other rating that may be assigned to the securities.
74
the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries affect their liquidity, access to capital markets and cost of borrowing under their credit facilities. a downgrade in the registrants' or their subsidiaries' credit ratings could result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to capital markets. the registrants and their subsidiaries have no credit rating triggers that would result in the reduction of access to capital markets or the acceleration of maturity dates of outstanding debt.
the following table sets forth the registrants' and their subsidiaries' credit ratings for outstanding debt securities or commercial paper programs as of december 31, 2016.
senior unsecured            senior secured             commercial paper issuer                 moody's           s&amp;p   moody's          s&amp;p   moody's           s&amp;p ppl ppl capital funding    baa2              bbb+                                 p-2               a-2
wpd plc                baa3              bbb+
wpd (east midlands)    baa1              a-
wpd (west midlands)    baa1              a-
wpd (south wales)      baa1              a-
wpd (south west)       baa1              a-
ppl and ppl electric ppl electric                                       a1               a         p-2               a-2
ppl and lke lke                    baa1              bbb+
lg&amp;e                                           a1               a         p-2               a-2
ku                                                 a1               a         p-2               a-2
the rating agencies have taken the following actions related to the registrants and their subsidiaries.
(ppl)
in february 2016, moody's and s&p affirmed their commercial paper ratings for ppl capital funding's $1.0 billion commercial paper program.
in may 2016, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of baa2 and bbb+ to ppl capital funding's $650 million 3.10% senior notes due 2026.
in june 2016, s&p assigned a long-term issuer rating of a- and a short-term issuer rating of a-2 to ppl capital funding.
(ppl electric)
in february 2016, moody's and s&p affirmed their commercial paper ratings for ppl electric's $400 million commercial paper program.
in february 2016, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to lcida's $116 million 0.90% pollution control revenue refunding bonds due 2029 and $108 million 0.90% pollution control revenue refunding bonds due 2027, issued on behalf of ppl electric.
in january 2017, moody's and s&p affirmed their commercial paper ratings for ppl electric's $650 million commercial paper program.
(lg&e)
in september 2016, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the $125 million county of trimble, kentucky pollution control revenue refunding bonds, series 2016 a (louisville gas and electric company project) due 2044, issued on behalf of lg&e.
75
(ku)
in august 2016, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the $96 million county of carroll, kentucky pollution control revenue refunding bonds, series 2016 a (kentucky utilities company project) due 2042, issued on behalf of ku.
ratings triggers
(ppl)
as discussed in note 7 to the financial statements, certain of wpd's senior unsecured notes may be put by the holders to the issuer for redemption if the long-term credit ratings assigned to the notes are withdrawn by any of the rating agencies (moody's or s&p) or reduced to a non-investment grade rating of ba1 or bb+ or lower in connection with a restructuring event. a restructuring event includes the loss of, or a material adverse change to, the distribution licenses under which wpd (east midlands), wpd (south west), wpd (south wales) and wpd (west midlands) operate and would be a trigger event for each company. these notes totaled £4.4 billion (approximately $5.5 billion) nominal value at december 31, 2016.
(ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
various derivative and non-derivative contracts, including contracts for the sale and purchase of electricity and fuel, commodity transportation and storage, interest rate and foreign currency instruments (for ppl), contain provisions that require the posting of additional collateral, or permit the counterparty to terminate the contract, if ppl's, lke's, lg&e's or ku's or their subsidiaries' credit rating, as applicable, were to fall below investment grade. see note 17 to the financial statements for a discussion of "credit risk-related contingent features," including a discussion of the potential additional collateral requirements for ppl, lke and lg&e for derivative contracts in a net liability position at december 31, 2016.
guarantees for subsidiaries (ppl)
ppl guarantees certain consolidated affiliate financing arrangements. some of the guarantees contain financial and other covenants that, if not met, would limit or restrict the consolidated affiliates' access to funds under these financing arrangements, accelerate maturity of such arrangements or limit the consolidated affiliates' ability to enter into certain transactions. at this time, ppl believes that these covenants will not limit access to relevant funding sources. see note 13 to the financial statements for additional information about guarantees.
off-balance sheet arrangements (all registrants)
the registrants have entered into certain agreements that may contingently require payment to a guaranteed or indemnified party. see note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of these agreements.
risk management market risk
(all registrants)
see notes 1, 16, and 17 to the financial statements for information about the registrants' risk management objectives, valuation techniques and accounting designations.
the forward-looking information presented below provides estimates of what may occur in the future, assuming certain adverse market conditions and model assumptions. actual future results may differ materially from those presented. these disclosures are not precise indicators of expected future losses, but only indicators of possible losses under normal market conditions at a given confidence level.
interest rate risk the registrants and their subsidiaries issue debt to finance their operations, which exposes them to interest rate risk. the registrants and their subsidiaries utilize various financial derivative instruments to adjust the mix of fixed and floating interest rates in their debt portfolios, adjust the duration of their debt portfolios and lock in benchmark interest rates in anticipation of future financing, when appropriate. risk limits under the risk management program are designed to balance risk exposure to
76
volatility in interest expense and changes in the fair value of the debt portfolios due to changes in the absolute level of interest rates.
the following interest rate hedges were outstanding at december 31.
2016                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           2015
exposurehedged            fair value,net - asset(liability) (a)            effect of a10% adversemovementin rates (b)        maturitiesrangingthrough           exposurehedged           fair value,net - asset(liability) (a)            effect of a10% adversemovementin rates (b)
ppl cash flow hedges interest rate swaps (c)             $-                                       $-                                                  $-                                                               $300                                    $(24              )                                  $(7                )
cross-currency swaps (d)           802                                      191                                                 (90                )                            2028             1,262                                      87                                                (152                )
economic hedges interest rate swaps (e)            147                                      (32              )                                   (2                )                            2033               179                                     (48              )                                   (2                )
lke economic hedges interest rate swaps (e)            147                                      (32              )                                   (2                )                            2033               179                                     (48              )                                   (2                )
lg&amp;e economic hedges interest rate swaps (e)            147                                      (32              )                                   (2                )                            2033               179                                     (48              )                                   (2                )
(a)   includes accrued interest, if applicable.
(b)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability. sensitivities represent a 10% adverse movement in interest rates, except for cross-currency swaps which also includes a 10% adverse movement in foreign currency exchange rates.
(c)   changes in the fair value of such cash flow hedges are recorded in equity or as regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities, if recovered through regulated rates, and reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the item being hedged affects earnings.
(d)   cross-currency swaps are utilized to hedge the principal and interest payments of wpd's u.s. dollar-denominated senior notes. changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the item being hedged affects earnings.
(e)   realized changes in the fair value of such economic hedges are recoverable through regulated rates and any subsequent changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.
the registrants are exposed to a potential increase in interest expense and to changes in the fair value of their debt portfolios. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on interest expense at december 31, 2016 and 2015 was insignificant for ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on the fair value of debt at december 31 is shown below.
10% adverse movement in rates
2016                                                     2015
ppl                   $590                        $710
ppl electric           138                         152
lke                    182                         192
lg&amp;e                66                          69
ku                     100                         104
foreign currency risk (ppl)
ppl is exposed to foreign currency risk primarily through investments in u.k. affiliates. under its risk management program, ppl may enter into financial instruments to hedge certain foreign currency exposures, including translation risk of expected earnings, firm commitments, recognized assets or liabilities, anticipated transactions and net investments.
77
the following foreign currency hedges were outstanding at december 31.
2016                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   2015
exposurehedged                 fair value,net - asset(liability)      effect of a 10%adverse movement in foreign currencyexchange rates (a)              maturitiesrangingthrough      exposure                 fair value,net - asset(liability)      effect of a 10%adverse movementin foreign currencyexchange rates (a)
hedged net investment hedges (b)   £      -                                        $-                    $-                                                                                                               £    50                                  $10                    $(7                                               )
economic hedges (c)         1,909                                          184                    (215                                                )                                                  2018      1,831                                    198                    (246                                              )
(a)   effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability.
(b)   to protect the value of a portion of its net investment in wpd, ppl executes forward contracts to sell gbp.
(c)   to economically hedge the translation of expected earnings denominated in gbp.
(all registrants)
commodity price risk ppl is exposed to commodity price risk through its domestic subsidiaries as described below.
•   ppl electric is exposed to commodity price risk from its obligation as plr; however, its puc-approved cost recovery mechanism substantially eliminates its exposure to this risk. ppl electric also mitigates its exposure to commodity price risk by entering into full-requirement supply agreements to serve its plr customers. these supply agreements transfer the commodity price risk associated with the plr obligation to the energy suppliers.
•   lg&amp;e's and ku's rates include certain mechanisms for fuel and fuel-related expenses. in addition, lg&amp;e's rates include a mechanism for natural gas supply expenses. these mechanisms generally provide for timely recovery of market price fluctuations associated with these expenses.
volumetric risk ppl is exposed to volumetric risk through its subsidiaries as described below.
•   wpd is exposed to volumetric risk which, is significantly mitigated as a result of the method of regulation in the u.k. under the riio-ed1 price control period, recovery of such exposure occurs on a two year lag. see note 1 for additional information on revenue recognition under riio-ed1.
•   ppl electric, lg&amp;e and ku are exposed to volumetric risk on retail sales, mainly due to weather and other economic conditions for which there is limited mitigation between rate cases.
defined benefit plans - securities price risk see "application of critical accounting policies - defined benefits" for additional information regarding the effect of securities price risk on plan assets.
credit risk
(all registrants)
credit risk is the risk that the registrants would incur a loss as a result of nonperformance by counterparties of their contractual obligations. the registrants maintain credit policies and procedures with respect to counterparty credit (including requirements that counterparties maintain specified credit ratings) and require other assurances in the form of credit support or collateral in certain circumstances in order to limit counterparty credit risk. however, the registrants, as applicable, have concentrations of suppliers and customers among electric utilities, financial institutions and energy marketing and trading companies. these concentrations may impact the registrants' overall exposure to credit risk, positively or negatively, as counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions.
78
(ppl and ppl electric)
in 2014, ppl electric filed a request with the puc for approval of ppl electric's plr procurement plan for the period of june 2015 through may 2017, which was approved in january 2015. to date, ppl electric has conducted all of its planned competitive solicitations. in february 2016, ppl electric filed a request with the puc for approval of ppl electric's plr procurement plan for the period june 2017 through may 2021, which includes a total of eight solicitations for electricity supply held semiannually in april and october. in october 2016, the puc approved ppl electric's plan with the exception of one item. on january 26, 2017, the puc issued a final order approving its original position and concluded proceedings on the plan.
under the standard supply master agreement (the agreement) for the competitive solicitation process, ppl electric requires all suppliers to post collateral if their credit exposure exceeds an established credit limit. in the event a supplier defaults on its obligation, ppl electric would be required to seek replacement power in the market. all incremental costs incurred by ppl electric would be recoverable from customers in future rates. at december 31, 2016, most of the successful bidders under all of the solicitations had an investment grade credit rating from s&p, and were not required to post collateral under the agreement. a small portion of bidders were required to post an insignificant amount of collateral under the agreement. there is no instance under the agreement in which ppl electric is required to post collateral to its suppliers.
see note 17 to the financial statements for additional information on credit risk.
foreign currency translation (ppl)
the value of the british pound sterling fluctuates in relation to the u.s. dollar. in 2016, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation loss of $1.1 billion, which primarily reflected a $2.1 billion decrease to pp&e and $490 million decrease to goodwill partially offset by a $1.3 billion decrease to long-term debt and a decrease of $208 million to other net liabilities. in 2015, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation loss of $240 million, which primarily reflected a $472 million decrease to pp&e and $117 million decrease to goodwill partially offset by a $285 million decrease to long-term debt and a decrease of $64 million to other net liabilities. in 2014, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation loss of $290 million, which primarily reflected a $542 million decrease to pp&e and $138 million decrease to goodwill partially offset by a $337 million decrease to long-term debt and a decrease of $53 million to other net liabilities. the impact of foreign currency translation is recorded in aoci.
(all registrants)
related party transactions the registrants are not aware of any material ownership interests or operating responsibility by senior management in outside partnerships, including leasing transactions with variable interest entities, or other entities doing business with the registrants. see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information on related party transactions for ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku.
acquisitions, development and divestitures the registrants from time to time evaluate opportunities for potential acquisitions, divestitures and development projects. development projects are reexamined based on market conditions and other factors to determine whether to proceed with, modify or terminate the projects. any resulting transactions may impact future financial results. see note 8 to the financial statements for information on the more significant activities.
(ppl)
see note 8 to the financial statements for information on the spinoff of ppl energy supply.
(all registrants)
environmental matters extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to ppl's, ppl electric's, lke's, lg&e's and ku's air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, as well as other aspects of the registrants' businesses. the cost of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted with certainty but could be
79
significant. in addition, costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws or regulations, or similar rules, are expanded or changed. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or other restrictions. many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the cost for their products or their demand for the registrants' services. increased capital and operating costs are subject to rate recovery. ppl, ppl electric, lke, lg&e and ku can provide no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of future environmental or rate proceedings before regulatory authorities.
see note 13 to the financial statements for a discussion of the more significant environmental matters including:
•   legal matters,
•   climate change,
•   coal combustion residuals,
•   effluent limitations guidelines, and
•   national ambient air quality standards.
additionally, see "item 1. business - environmental matters" for further information on environmental matters. see note 19 to the financial statements for information related to the impacts of ccrs on aros.
sustainability increasing attention has been focused on a broad range of corporate activities under the heading of "sustainability", which has resulted in a significant increase in the number of requests from interested parties for information on sustainability topics. these parties range from investor groups focused on environmental, social, governance and other matters to non-investors concerned with a variety of public policy matters. often the scope of the information sought is very broad and not necessarily relevant to an issuer's business or industry. as a result, a number of private groups have proposed to standardize the subject matter constituting sustainability, either generally or by industry. those efforts remain ongoing. in addition, certain of these private groups have advocated that the sec promulgate regulations requiring specific sustainability reporting under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "'34 act"), or that issuers voluntarily include certain sustainability disclosure in their '34 act reports. to date, no new reporting requirements have been adopted or proposed by the sec.
as has been ppl's practice, to the extent sustainability issues have or may have a material impact on the registrants' financial condition or results of operation, ppl discloses such matters in accordance with applicable securities law and sec regulations. with respect to other sustainability topics that ppl deems relevant to investors but that are not required to be reported under applicable securities law and sec regulation, ppl will continue each spring to publish its annual sustainability report and post that report on its corporate website at www.pplweb.com and on www.pplsustainability.com. neither the information in such annual sustainability report nor the information at such websites is incorporated in this form 10-k by reference, and it should not be considered a part of this form 10-k. in preparing its sustainability report, ppl is guided by the framework established by the global reporting initiative, which identifies environmental, social, governance and other subject matter categories, together with recent efforts by the edison electric institute to provide guidance as to the appropriate subset of sustainability information that can be applied consistently across the electric utility industry.
competition see "competition" under each of ppl's reportable segments in "item 1. business - general - segment information" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of competitive factors affecting the registrants.
new accounting guidance see notes 1 and 21 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting guidance adopted and pending adoption.
application of critical accounting policies financial condition and results of operations are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. the following accounting policies are particularly important to an understanding of the reported financial condition or results of operations, and require management to make estimates or other judgments of matters that are inherently uncertain. changes in the estimates or other judgments included within these accounting policies could result in a significant change to the information presented in the financial statements (these accounting policies are also discussed in
80
note 1 to the financial statements). senior management has reviewed with ppl's audit committee these critical accounting policies, the following disclosures regarding their application and the estimates and assumptions regarding them.
price risk management (ppl)
see "financial condition - risk management" above, as well as "price risk management" in note 1 to the financial statements.
defined benefits
(all registrants)
certain of the registrants' subsidiaries sponsor or participate in, as applicable, various qualified funded and non-qualified unfunded defined benefit pension plans and both funded and unfunded other postretirement benefit plans. these plans are applicable to the majority of the registrants' employees (based on eligibility for their applicable plans). the registrants and certain of their subsidiaries record an asset or liability to recognize the funded status of all defined benefit plans with an offsetting entry to aoci or in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates. consequently, the funded status of all defined benefit plans is fully recognized on the balance sheets. see notes 6 and 11 to the financial statements for additional information about the plans and the accounting for defined benefits.
a summary of plan sponsors by registrant and whether a registrant or its subsidiaries sponsor (s) or participate in and receives allocations (p) from those plans is shown in the table below.
plan sponsor   ppl   ppl electric   lke   lg&amp;e   ku ppl services   s     p wpd (a)        s lke                                 s     p          p lg&amp;e                                  s
(a)   does not sponsor or participate in other postretirement benefits plans.
management makes certain assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. as such, annual net periodic defined benefit costs are recorded in current earnings or regulatory assets based on estimated results. any differences between actual and estimated results are recorded in aoci, or in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities, for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates. these amounts in aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized to income over future periods. the delayed recognition allows for a smoothed recognition of costs over the working lives of the employees who benefit under the plans. the primary assumptions are:
•   discount rate - the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which is based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future. the objective in selecting the discount rate is to measure the single amount that, if invested at the measurement date in a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments, would provide the necessary future cash flows to pay the accumulated benefits when due.
•   expected return on plan assets - management projects the long-term rates of return on plan assets that will be earned over the life of the plan. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs the registrants record currently.
•   rate of compensation increase - management projects employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
•   health care cost trend rate - management projects the expected increases in the cost of health care.
in addition to the economic assumptions above that are evaluated annually, management must also make assumptions regarding the life expectancy of employees covered under their defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
•   u.s. - at december 31, 2014, the plan sponsors adopted the new mortality tables issued by the society of actuaries in october 2014 (rp-2014 base tables) for all u.s. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. in
81
addition, plan sponsors updated the basis for estimating projected mortality improvements and selected the irs bb-2d two-dimensional improvement scale on a generational basis for all u.s. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. these new mortality assumptions reflect the recognition of both improved life expectancies and the expectation of continuing improvements in life expectancies.
•   u.k. - at march 31 2016, the uk plan sponsors adopted the new mortality assumptions based on the "saps s2 all" tables issued by the self-administered pensions schemes' (saps) study for all u.k. defined benefit pension plans. in addition, the uk plan sponsors updated the basis for estimating projected mortality improvements and selected the cmi 2015 core projections model published by the continuous mortality investigation study with a long-term future improvement rate of 1% for all u.k. defined benefit pension plans. these new mortality assumptions reflect the impact of the most recently available actual scheme mortality data (which has been higher than previously expected) on both current life expectancies and the expectation of continuing improvements in life expectancies. the use of the new base tables and improvement scale resulted in a decrease to u.k. defined benefit pension obligations, a decrease to future expense and an increase to funded status.
(ppl)
in selecting the discount rate for its u.k. pension plans, wpd starts with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for its plans. these plan-specific cash flows are matched against a spot-rate yield curve to determine the assumed discount rate. the spot-rate yield curve uses an iboxx british pounds sterling denominated corporate bond index as its base. from this base, those bonds with the lowest and highest yields are eliminated to develop an appropriate subset of bonds. historically, wpd used the single weighted-average discount rate derived from the spot rates used to discount the benefit obligation. concurrent with the annual remeasurement of plan assets and obligations at december 31, 2015, wpd began using individual spot rates to measure service cost and interest cost beginning with the calculation of 2016 net periodic defined benefit cost.
an individual bond matching approach, which is used for the u.s. pension plans as discussed below, is not used for the u.k. pension plans because the universe of bonds in the u.k. is not deep enough to adequately support such an approach.
(all registrants)
in selecting the discount rates for u.s. defined benefit plans, the plan sponsors start with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for their plans. the plan-specific cash flows are matched against the coupons and expected maturity values of individually selected bonds. this bond matching process begins with the full universe of aa-rated non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) bonds, serving as the base from which those with the lowest and highest yields are eliminated to develop an appropriate subset of bonds. individual bonds are then selected based on the timing of each plan's cash flows and parameters are established as to the percentage of each individual bond issue that could be hypothetically purchased and the surplus reinvestment rates to be assumed.
to determine the expected return on plan assets, plan sponsors project the long-term rates of return on plan assets using a best-estimate of expected returns, volatilities and correlations for each asset class. each plan's specific current and expected asset allocations are also considered in developing a reasonable return assumption.
in selecting a rate of compensation increase, plan sponsors consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates.
the following table provides the weighted-average assumptions selected for discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of compensation increase at december 31 used to measure current year obligations and subsequent year net periodic defined benefit costs under gaap, as applicable.
82
assumption / registrant                         2016          2015
discount rate pension - ppl (u.s.)                        4.21   %      4.59   %
pension - ppl (u.k.) obligations            2.87   %      3.68   %
pension - ppl (u.k.) service cost (a)       2.99   %      3.90   %
pension - ppl (u.k.) interest cost (a)      2.41   %      3.14   %
pension - lke                               4.19   %      4.56   %
pension - lg&amp;e                          4.13   %      4.49   %
other postretirement - ppl                  4.11   %      4.48   %
other postretirement - lke                  4.12   %      4.49   %
expected return on plan assets pension - ppl (u.s.)                        7.00   %      7.00   %
pension - ppl (u.k.)                        7.22   %      7.20   %
pension - lke                               7.00   %      7.00   %
pension - lg&amp;e                          7.00   %      7.00   %
other postretirement - ppl                  6.21   %      6.11   %
other postretirement - lke                  6.82   %      6.82   %
rate of compensation increase pension - ppl (u.s.)                        3.95   %      3.93   %
pension - ppl (u.k.)                        3.50   %      4.00   %
pension - lke                               3.50   %      3.50   %
other postretirement - ppl                  3.92   %      3.91   %
other postretirement - lke                  3.50   %      3.50   %
(a)   wpd began using individual spot rates from the yield curve used to discount the benefit obligation to measure service cost and interest cost for the calculation of net periodic defined benefit cost in 2016. ppl's u.s. plans use a single discount rate derived from an individual bond matching model to measure the benefit obligation, service cost and interest cost. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional details.
in selecting health care cost trend rates, plan sponsors consider past performance and forecasts of health care costs. at december 31, 2016, the health care cost trend rate for all plans was 7.0% for 2017, gradually declining to an ultimate trend rate of 5.0% in 2022.
a variance in the assumptions listed above could have a significant impact on accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities. at december 31, 2016, the defined benefit plans were recorded in the registrants' financial statements as follows.
ppl             ppl electric               lke          lg&amp;e               ku balance sheet:
regulatory assets (a)                                           $947                  $549                 $398             $246              $152
regulatory liabilities                                            23                                         23                                 23
pension liabilities                                            1,008                   281                  354               53                62
other postretirement and postemploymentbenefit liabilities       213                    72                  122               76                40
aoci (pre-tax)                                                 2,930                                        119
statement of income:
defined benefits expense                                        $(35   )               $11                  $30              $11                $7
increase (decrease) from prior year                              (93   )                (4      )            (8   )           (1    )           (3   )
(a)   as a result of the 2014 kentucky rate case settlement that became effective july 1, 2015, the difference between pension cost calculated in accordance with lg&amp;e's and ku's pension accounting policy and pension cost calculated using a 15 year amortization period for actuarial gains and losses is recorded as a regulatory asset. as of december 31, 2016, the balances were $20 million for ppl and lke, $11 million for lg&amp;e and $9 million for ku. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
the following tables reflect changes in certain assumptions based on the registrants' primary defined benefit plans. the tables reflect either an increase or decrease in each assumption. the inverse of this change would impact the accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities by a similar
83
amount in the opposite direction. the sensitivities below reflect an evaluation of the change based solely on a change in that assumption.
actuarial assumption discount rate                     (0.25   %)
expected return on plan assets    (0.25   %)
rate of compensation increase      0.25   %
health care cost trend rate (a)       1   %
(a)   only impacts other postretirement benefits.
increase (decrease)      (increase) decrease                increase (decrease)           increase (decrease)
actuarial assumption                  defined benefitliabilities      aoci(pre-tax)                     net regulatoryassets          defined benefitcosts ppl discount rate                                    $460                 $361                                      $99                           $33
expected return on plan assets                    n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                            26
rate of compensation increase                      63                              52                            11                             9
health care cost trend rate (a)                     5                               1                             4                             -
ppl electric discount rate                                      60                 -                                          60                             4
expected return on plan assets                    n/a                 -                                         n/a                             4
rate of compensation increase                       7                 -                                           7                             1
health care cost trend rate (a)                     1                 -                                           1                             -
lke discount rates                                     64                              25                            39                             5
expected return on plan assets                    n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                             3
rate of compensation increase                       8                               4                             4                             1
health care cost trend rate (a)                     4                               1                             3                             -
lg&amp;e discount rates                                     21                 n/a                                        21                             2
expected return on plan assets                    n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                             1
rate of compensation increase                       2                 n/a                                         2                             -
health care cost trend rate (a)                     1                 n/a                                         1                             -
ku discount rates                                     18                 n/a                                        18                             2
expected return on plan assets                    n/a                 n/a                                       n/a                             1
rate of compensation increase                       2                 n/a                                         2                             -
health care cost trend rate (a)                     2                 n/a                                         2                             -
(a)   only impacts other postretirement benefits.
goodwill impairment (ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. ppl has determined its reporting units to be at the same level as its reportable segments. lke, lg&e and ku are individually single operating and reportable segments. a goodwill impairment test is performed annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the reporting unit may be greater than the reporting unit's fair value. additionally, goodwill is tested for impairment after a portion of goodwill has been allocated to a business to be disposed of.
ppl, lke, lg&e and ku may elect either to initially make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill or to bypass the qualitative evaluation and test goodwill for impairment using a two-step quantitative test. if the qualitative evaluation (referred to as "step zero") is elected and the assessment results in a determination that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying amount, the two-step quantitative impairment test is not necessary.
84
when the two-step quantitative impairment test is elected or required as a result of the step zero assessment, in step one, ppl, lke, lg&e and ku determine whether a potential impairment exists by comparing the estimated fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill, on the measurement date. if the estimated fair value exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered impaired. if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment loss, if any.
the second step of the quantitative test requires a calculation of the implied fair value of goodwill, which is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill in a business combination. that is, the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of that reporting unit as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was the price paid to acquire the reporting unit. the excess of the estimated fair value of a reporting unit over the amounts assigned to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is then compared with the carrying amount of that goodwill. if the carrying amount exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the loss recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill.
ppl's goodwill was $3.1 billion at december 31, 2016, which consists of $2.4 billion related to the acquisition of wpd and $662 million related to the acquisition of lke. ppl (for its u.k. regulated and kentucky regulated segments), and individually, lke, lg&e and ku elected to perform the qualitative step zero evaluation of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2016. these evaluations considered the excess of fair value over the carrying value of each reporting unit that was calculated during step one of the quantitative impairment tests performed in the fourth quarter of 2015, and the relevant events and circumstances that occurred since those tests were performed including:
•   current year financial performance versus the prior year,
•   changes in planned capital expenditures,
•   the consistency of forecasted free cash flows,
•   earnings quality and sustainability,
•   changes in market participant discount rates,
•   changes in long-term growth rates,
•   changes in ppl's market capitalization, and
•   the overall economic and regulatory environments in which these regulated entities operate.
based on these evaluations, management concluded it was not more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units was less than their carrying values. as such, the two-step quantitative impairment test was not performed.
asset retirement obligations (ppl, lke, lg&e and ku)
aro liabilities are required to be recognized for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets. the initial obligation is measured at its estimated fair value. an aro must be recognized when incurred if the fair value of the aro can be reasonably estimated. an equivalent amount is recorded as an increase in the value of the capitalized asset and amortized to expense over the useful life of the asset. for lke, lg&e and ku, all aro accretion and depreciation expenses are reclassified as a regulatory asset. aro regulatory assets associated with approved ecr projects for ccrs are amortized to expense over a period of 10 to 25 years based on retirement expenditures made related to the obligation. for other aros, at the time of retirement, the related aro regulatory asset is offset against the associated cost of removal regulatory liability, pp&e and aro liability.
see note 19 to the financial statements for additional information on aros.
in determining aros, management must make significant judgments and estimates to calculate fair value. fair value is developed using an expected present value technique based on assumptions of market participants that consider estimated retirement costs in current period dollars that are inflated to the anticipated retirement date and then discounted back to the date the aro was incurred. changes in assumptions and estimates included within the calculations of the fair value of aros could result in significantly different results than those identified and recorded in the financial statements. estimated aro costs and settlement dates, which affect the carrying value of the aro and the related capitalized asset, are reviewed periodically to ensure that any material changes are incorporated into the latest estimate of the aro. any change to the capitalized asset, positive or negative, is generally amortized over the remaining life of the associated long-lived asset.
85
at december 31, 2016, the total recorded balances and information on the most significant recorded aros were as follows.
most significant aros totalarorecorded           amountrecorded           % of total        description ppl                 $488                      $337                  69                ash ponds, landfills and natural gas mains lke                  433                       337                  78                ash ponds, landfills and natural gas mains lg&amp;e             145                        84                  58                ash ponds, landfills and natural gas mains ku                   288                       253                  88                ash ponds and landfills the most significant assumptions surrounding aros are the forecasted retirement costs (including the settlement dates and the timing of cash flows), the discount rates and the inflation rates. at december 31, 2016, a 10% increase to retirement cost would increase the aro liabilities by $36 million. a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase the aro liabilities by $5 million and a 0.25% increase in the inflation rate would increase the aro liabilities by $5 million. there would be no significant change to the annual depreciation expense of the aro asset or the annual accretion expense of the aro liability as a result of these changes in assumptions.
income taxes (all registrants)
significant management judgment is required in developing the provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken or expected to be taken in tax returns, valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and whether the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested.
significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of benefit recognized related to an uncertain tax position. tax positions are evaluated following a two-step process. the first step requires an entity to determine whether, based on the technical merits supporting a particular tax position, it is more likely than not (greater than a 50% chance) that the tax position will be sustained. this determination assumes that the relevant taxing authority will examine the tax position and is aware of all the relevant facts surrounding the tax position. the second step requires an entity to recognize in the financial statements the benefit of a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition criterion. the benefit recognized is measured at the largest amount of benefit that has a likelihood of realization, upon settlement, that exceeds 50%. management considers a number of factors in assessing the benefit to be recognized, including negotiation of a settlement.
on a quarterly basis, uncertain tax positions are reassessed by considering information known as of the reporting date. based on management's assessment of new information, a tax benefit may subsequently be recognized for a previously unrecognized tax position, a previously recognized tax position may be derecognized, or the benefit of a previously recognized tax position may be remeasured. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised by taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued and may materially impact the financial statements in the future. unrecognized tax benefits are classified as current to the extent management expects to settle an uncertain tax position by payment or receipt of cash within one year of the reporting date.
at december 31, 2016, no significant changes in unrecognized tax benefits are projected over the next 12 months.
the need for valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets also requires significant management judgment. valuation allowances are initially recorded and reevaluated each reporting period by assessing the likelihood of the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset. management considers a number of factors in assessing the realization of a deferred tax asset, including the reversal of temporary differences, future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. any tax planning strategy utilized in this assessment must meet the recognition and measurement criteria utilized to account for an uncertain tax position. management also considers the uncertainty posed by political risk and the effect of this uncertainty on the various factors that management takes into account in evaluating the need for valuation allowances. the amount of deferred tax assets ultimately realized may differ materially from the estimates utilized in the computation of valuation allowances and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
see note 5 to the financial statements for income tax disclosures, including management's conclusion that the undistributed earnings of wpd are considered indefinitely reinvested. based on this conclusion, ppl global does not record u.s. income taxes on wpd's undistributed earnings.
86
regulatory assets and liabilities
(ppl)
wpd operates in an incentive-based regulatory structure under distribution licenses granted by ofgem. as the regulatory model is incentive-based rather than a cost recovery model, wpd is not subject to accounting for the effects of certain types of regulation as prescribed by gaap for entities subject to cost-based rate regulation. therefore, the accounting treatment of adjustments to base demand revenue and/or allowed revenue is evaluated based on revenue recognition and contingency guidance. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
(all registrants)
ppl electric, lg&e and ku, are subject to cost-based rate regulation. as a result, the effects of regulatory actions are required to be reflected in the financial statements. assets and liabilities are recorded that result from the regulated ratemaking process that may not be recorded under gaap for non-regulated entities. regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in regulated customer rates. regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. in certain cases, regulatory liabilities are recorded based on an understanding or agreement with the regulator that rates have been set to recover costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, and the regulated entity is accountable for any amounts charged pursuant to such rates and not yet expended for the intended purpose.
management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory and political environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, recent rate orders to other regulated entities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. based on this continual assessment, management believes the existing regulatory assets are probable of recovery. this assessment reflects the current political and regulatory climate at the state and federal levels, and is subject to change in the future. if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the regulatory asset would be written-off. additionally, the regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of recovery of regulatory assets.
at december 31, 2016, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities were recorded as reflected in the table below. all regulatory assets are either currently being recovered under specific rate orders, represent amounts that are expected to be recovered in future rates or benefit future periods based upon established regulatory practices.
ppl          pplelectric               lke           lg&amp;e               ku regulatory assets           $1,957             $1,113                $844              $459               $385
regulatory liabilities       1,000       83                           917               424                493
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on regulatory assets and liabilities.
revenue recognition - unbilled revenue (lke, lg&e and ku)
revenues related to the sale of energy are recorded when service is rendered or when energy is delivered to customers. because customers are billed on cycles which vary based on the timing of the actual meter reads taken throughout the month, estimates are recorded for unbilled revenues at the end of each reporting period. for lg&e and ku, such unbilled revenue amounts reflect estimates of deliveries to customers since the date of the last reading of their meters. the unbilled revenue estimates reflect consideration of factors including daily load models, estimated usage for each customer class, the effect of current and different rate schedules, the meter read schedule, the billing schedule, actual weather data and where applicable, the impact of weather normalization or other regulatory provisions of rate structures. at december 31, unbilled revenues recorded on the balance sheets were as follows.
2016                                2015
lke           $170              $147
lg&amp;e        75                67
ku              95                80
87
other information (all registrants)
ppl's audit committee has approved the independent auditor to provide audit and audit-related services, tax services and other services permitted by sarbanes-oxley and sec rules. the audit and audit-related services include services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, reviews of offering documents and registration statements, and internal control reviews.
