item 1a.    risk factors our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. because of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other factors affecting our operating results and financial condition, past financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance and our business and financial performance could be harmed and the market value of our securities could decline.
risks relating to our business we are dependent on the future success of our grand theft auto products and we must continue to publish "hit" titles or sequels to such "hit" titles in order to compete successfully in our industry.
6
grand theft auto and certain of our other titles are "hit" products and have historically accounted for a substantial portion of our revenue. grand theft auto products contributed 38.2% of the company's net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 and the five best-selling franchises (including grand theft auto), which may change year over year, in the aggregate accounted for 89.8% of the company's net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. if we fail to continue to develop and sell new commercially successful "hit" titles or sequels to such "hit" titles or experience any delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our "hit" titles or their sequels, our revenue and profits may decrease substantially and we may incur losses. in addition, competition in our industry is intense and a relatively small number of hit titles account for a large portion of total revenue in our industry. hit products offered by our competitors may take a larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause revenue generated from our products to fall below our expectations. if our competitors develop more successful products or services at lower price points or based on payment models perceived as offering better value, or if we do not continue to develop consistently high quality and well-received products and services, our revenue and profitability may decline. in addition, both the online and mobile games marketplaces are characterized by frequent product introductions, relatively low barriers to entry, and new and evolving business methods, technologies and platforms for development. widespread consumer adoption of these new platforms for games and other technological advances in online or mobile game offerings could negatively affect our sales of console and traditional pc products before we have an opportunity to develop profitable businesses in such markets.
we are subject to product development risks which could result in delays and additional costs, and we must adapt to changes in software technologies.
we depend on our internal development studios and third-party software developers to develop new interactive entertainment software within anticipated release schedules and cost projections. the development cycle for new titles generally ranges from 12 months for annual sports releases, to multiple years for certain of our top-selling titles. therefore our development costs can be substantial. if we or our third party developers experience unanticipated development delays, financial difficulties or additional costs, we may not be able to release titles according to our schedule and at budgeted costs. there can be no assurance that our products will be sufficiently successful so that we can recoup these costs or make a profit on these products.
additionally, in order to stay competitive, our internal development studios must anticipate and adapt to rapid technological changes affecting software development. any inability to respond to technological advances and implement new technologies could render our products obsolete or less marketable. further, the failure to pursue the development of new technology, platforms, or business models that obtain meaningful commercial success in a timely manner may negatively affect our business, resulting in increased production costs and more strenuous competition.
the inability of our products to achieve significant market acceptance, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of our products may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
new products may not achieve significant market acceptance, generate sufficient sales or be introduced in a timely manner to permit us to recover development, manufacturing and marketing costs associated with these products. the life cycle of a title generally involves a relatively high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. because sales associated with an initial product launch generally constitute a high percentage of the total sales associated with the life of a product, delays in product releases or disruptions following the commercial release of one or more new products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and cause our operating results to be materially different from our expectations.
our business is subject to our ability to develop commercially successful products for the current video game platforms.
we derive most of our revenue from the sale of products made for video game platforms manufactured by third parties, such as sony's ps4 and ps3 and microsoft's xbox one and xbox 360, which comprised 81.0% of the company's net revenue by product platform for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. the success of our business is subject to the continued popularity of these platforms and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these platforms.
connectivity issues could affect our ability to sell and provide online services for our products and could affect our profitability.
we rely upon third-party digital delivery platforms, such as microsoft's xbox live, sony entertainment network, steam and other third-party service providers, to provide connectivity from the consumer to our digital products and our online services. connectivity issues could prevent customers from accessing this content and our ability to successfully market and sell our products could be adversely affected. in addition, we could experience similar issues related to services we host on our internal servers. such issues also could affect our ability to provide online services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
7
our business could be adversely affected if our consumer data protection measures are not seen as adequate or there are breaches of our security measures or unintended disclosures of our consumer data.
we are collecting and storing consumer information, including personal information. we take measures to protect our consumer data from unauthorized access or disclosure. it is possible that our security controls over consumer data may not prevent the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information. in addition, due to the high profile nature of our products, we may draw a disproportionately higher amount of attention and attempts to breach our security controls than companies with lower profile products. a security breach that leads to disclosure of consumer account information (including personally identifiable information) could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with disparate breach notification laws in various jurisdictions and otherwise subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. a resulting perception that our products or services do not adequately protect the privacy of personal information could result in a loss of current or potential consumers and business partners. in addition, if any of our business partners experience a security breach that leads to disclosure of consumer account information, our reputation could be harmed, resulting in loss of revenue.
in addition, certain of our products are online enabled. the ability of our products to offer online functionality, and our ability to offer content through a video game platform's digital distribution channel, is dependent upon the continued operation and security of such platform's online network. these third party networks, as well as our own internal systems and websites, and the security measures related thereto may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers' data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. if an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, we may lose business, suffer irreparable damage to our reputation, and/or incur significant costs and expenses relating to the investigation and possible litigation of claims relating to such event.
the laws and regulations concerning data privacy and certain other aspects of our business are continually evolving. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could harm our business.
we are subject to certain privacy and data protection laws, including those in the united states. certain activities related to e.u. customers are registered with our u.k. data controller. the u.s. children's online privacy protection act also regulates the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information from children under 13 years of age. failure to comply with privacy laws, data protection laws, or age restrictions may increase our costs, subject us to expensive and distracting government investigations, and result in substantial fines.
privacy and data protection laws are rapidly changing and likely will continue to do so for the foreseeable future, which could have an impact on our approach to operating and marketing our games. for example, the court of justice of the european union's recent decision to invalidate the e.u.-u.s. safe harbor regime that legitimized the transfer of certain personal data from the e.u. to the u.s. was a material change to laws on data privacy applicable to our business. in addition, after four years of preparation and debate, the e.u. parliament approved the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") on april 14, 2016. gdpr will become effective in may 2018, and will replace the existing data protection directive 95/46/ec. the u.s. government, including the federal trade commission and the department of commerce, also continue to review the need for greater or different regulation over the collection of personal information and information about consumer behavior on the internet and on mobile devices.various government and consumer agencies worldwide have also called for new regulation and changes in industry practices.
player use of our games is subject to our privacy policy, end user license agreements, and terms of service. if we fail to comply with our posted privacy policy, eulas, or terms of service, or if we fail to comply with existing privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations, it could result in proceedings or litigation against us by governmental authorities or others, which could result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, affect our financial condition and harm our business. if regulators, the media, or consumers raise any concerns about our privacy and data protection or consumer protection practices, even if unfounded, this could also result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, negatively affect our financial condition, and damage our business.
it is possible that a number of laws and regulations may be adopted or construed to apply to us in the united states and elsewhere that could restrict the interactive entertainment industry, including player privacy, advertising, taxation, content suitability, copyright, distribution and antitrust. furthermore, the growth and development of electronic commerce and virtual goods may prompt calls for more stringent consumer protection laws that may impose additional burdens on companies such as ours conducting business through digital sales. any such changes would require us to devote legal and other resources to address such regulation. for example, existing laws or new laws regarding the regulation of currency, banking institutions and unclaimed property may be interpreted to cover virtual currency or virtual goods. if that were to occur we may be required to seek licenses, authorizations or approvals from relevant regulators, the granting of which may be dependent on us meeting certain capital and other requirements and we may be subject to additional regulation and oversight, all of which could significantly increase our operating costs. changes
8
in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the united states or elsewhere regarding these activities may lessen the growth of the interactive entertainment industry and impair our business, financial condition, and operating results.
security breaches involving the source code for our products or other sensitive and proprietary information could adversely affect our business.
we securely store the source code for our interactive entertainment software products as it is created. a breach, whether physical, electronic or otherwise, of the systems on which such source code and other sensitive data are stored could lead to damage or piracy of our software. in addition, certain parties with whom we do business are given access to our sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support our team. these third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. if we are subject to data security breaches, we may have a loss in sales or increased costs arising from the restoration or implementation of additional security measures which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. any theft and/or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information as a result of such an event could adversely affect our competitive position, reputation, brand, and future sales of our products. our business could be subject to significant disruption, and we could suffer monetary and other losses and reputational harm, in the event of such incidents and claims.
we rely on complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business. any significant system or network disruption could have a negative impact on our business.
we rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and networks, some of which are within take-two and some of which are managed and/or hosted by third-party providers. all information technology systems and networks are potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources, including but not limited to cyber-attacks, malicious software, security breach, energy blackouts, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication failures. we may also face sophisticated attacks, referred to as advanced persistent threats, which are cyber-attacks aimed at compromising our intellectual property and other commercially-sensitive information, such as the source code and game assets for our software or confidential customer or employee information, which remain undetected for prolonged periods of time. information technology system or network failure or security breach could negatively affect our business continuity, operations and financial results. these risks extend to the networks and e-commerce sites of console platform providers and other partners who sell and host our content online. we may incur additional costs to remedy the damages caused by these disruptions or security breaches.
our efforts to expand into new products and services may subject us to additional risks.
in recent years, we have invested in emerging opportunities in interactive entertainment played on mobile platforms, including tablets and smartphones, and online platforms, including social networks. we have also grown our product offerings that are available through digital download, including virtual currency, through our existing franchises such as grant theft auto and nba 2k as well as through product offerings by newly acquired social point and other mobile product offerings. we are actively investing to capitalize on these trends in order to diversify our product mix, reduce our operating risks, and increase our revenue. there are risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract a sufficiently large number of customers or recover costs incurred for developing and marketing any of these new products or services. for example, we may offer games that do not attract sufficient purchases of virtual currency, which may cause our investments into this product space, such as through our recent acquisition of social point, to fail to realize the expected benefits. external factors, such as competitive alternatives and shifting market preferences, may also have an impact on the successful implementation of any new products or services. failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we depend on our key management and product development personnel.
our continued success will depend to a significant extent on our senior management team and our relationship with zelnickmedia corporation ("zelnickmedia"). our executive chairman/chief executive officer and president are partners of zelnickmedia. we are also highly dependent on the expertise, skills and knowledge of certain of our rockstar employees and other key creative personnel responsible for content creation and development of our grand theft auto titles and titles based on other brands. we may not be able to continue to retain these personnel at current compensation levels, or at all.
the loss of the services of our executive officers, zelnickmedia, our key rockstar employees or other key creative personnel could significantly harm our business. in addition, if one or more key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we may lose additional personnel, experience material interruptions in product development, delays in bringing products to market and difficulties in our relationships with licensors, suppliers and customers, which would significantly harm our business. failure to continue to attract and retain other qualified management and creative personnel could adversely affect our business and prospects.
9
declines in consumer spending and other adverse changes in the economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
most of our products involve discretionary spending on the part of consumers. we believe that consumer spending is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. this makes our products particularly sensitive to general economic conditions and economic cycles as consumers are generally more willing to make discretionary purchases, including purchases of products like ours, during periods in which favorable economic conditions prevail. adverse economic conditions such as a prolonged u.s. or international general economic downturn, including periods of increased inflation, unemployment levels, tax rates, interest rates, energy prices or declining consumer confidence could also reduce consumer spending. reduced consumer spending has and may in the future continue to result in reduced demand for our products and may also require increased selling and promotional expenses, which has had and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, during periods of relative economic weakness, our consolidated credit risk, reflecting our counterparty dealings with distributors, customers, capital providers and others may increase, perhaps materially so. furthermore, uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase the risk of material losses on our investments, increase costs associated with developing and publishing our products, increase the cost and availability of sources of financing, and increase our exposure to material losses from bad debts, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. if economic conditions worsen, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and in various other jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, and in the ordinary course of business there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. we are required to estimate future taxes. although we currently believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimate process is inherently uncertain, and such estimates are not binding on tax authorities. further, our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, including changes in the business, including the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in tax elections, and changes in applicable tax laws. additionally, tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. should the ultimate tax liability exceed estimates, our income tax provision and net income or loss could be adversely affected.
historically, we recorded a valuation allowance against most of our u.s. deferred tax assets. we expect to provide a valuation allowance on future u.s. tax benefits until we can sustain a level of profitability or until other significant positive evidence arises that suggest that these benefits are more likely than not to be realized. further, our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. should our ultimate tax liability exceed our estimates, our income tax provision and net income or loss could be materially affected.
we earn a significant amount of our operating income and hold a significant portion of our cash, outside the u.s. any repatriation of funds currently held in foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates for the company. in addition, there have been proposals to change u.s. tax laws that would significantly affect how u.s. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. although we cannot predict whether or in what form this proposed legislation will pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse impact on our income tax provision and financial condition.
we are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. we are regularly under examination by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations, changes in our business or changes in applicable tax rules will not have an adverse effect on our net income or loss and financial condition.
unclaimed property audits by governmental authorities could adversely affect our operating results.
we are subject to unclaimed property (escheat) laws which require us to turn over to certain government authorities the property of others held by us that has been unclaimed for a specified period of time. we are subject to audit by individual u.s. states with regard to our escheatment practices. the legislation and regulations related to unclaimed property matters tend to be complex and subject to varying interpretations by both government authorities and taxpayers. although management believes that the positions we have taken are reasonable, various taxing authorities may challenge certain of the positions we have taken, which may also potentially result in additional liabilities for unclaimed property and interest in excess of accrued liabilities. our positions are reviewed as events occur such as the availability of new information, the lapsing of applicable statutes of limitations, the measurement of additional estimated liability based on current calculations or the rendering of relevant court decisions. an unfavorable resolution of assessments by a governmental authority could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future periods.
10
our quarterly operating results are dependent on the release of "hit" titles and are highly seasonal which may cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate significantly.
we have experienced and may continue to experience wide fluctuations in quarterly operating results. the release of a "hit" title typically leads to a high level of sales during the first few months after introduction followed by a rapid decline in sales. in addition, the interactive entertainment industry is highly seasonal, with sales typically higher during the fourth calendar quarter, due primarily to increased demand for games during the holiday season. demand for and sales of titles in our nba 2k series are also seasonal in that they are typically released just prior to the start of the nba season. if a key event or sports season to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or cancelled, our sales might also suffer disproportionately. our failure or inability to produce "hit" titles or introduce products on a timely basis to meet seasonal fluctuations in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. the uncertainties associated with software development, manufacturing lead times, production delays and the approval process for products by hardware manufacturers and other licensors make it difficult to predict the quarter in which our products will ship and therefore may cause us to fail to meet financial expectations.
price protection granted to our customers and returns of our published titles by our customers may adversely affect our operating results.
we are exposed to the risk of price protection and product returns with respect to our customers. our distribution arrangements with customers generally do not give them the right to return titles to us or to cancel firm orders. however, we sometimes accept product returns from our distribution customers for stock balancing and negotiate accommodations for customers, which include credits and returns, when demand for specific products falls below expectations. we grant price protection and accept returns in connection with our publishing arrangements and revenue is recognized after deducting estimated price protection and reserves for returns. while we believe that we can reliably estimate future price protection and returns, if price protection and return rates for our products exceed our reserves, our revenue could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
increased sales of used video game products could lower our sales.
certain of our larger customers sell used video games, which are generally priced lower than new video games. if our customers increase their sales of used video games, it could negatively affect our sales of new video games and have an adverse influence on our business, financial condition and operating results.
a limited number of customers account for a significant portion of our sales. the loss of a principal customer or other significant business relationship could seriously hurt our business.
a substantial portion of our product sales are made to a limited number of customers. sales to our five largest customers during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 accounted for 65.5% of our net revenue, with sony and microsoft each accounting for more than 10.0% of our net revenue during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. our sales are made primarily pursuant to purchase orders without long-term agreements or other commitments, and our customers may terminate their relationship with us at any time. certain of our customers may decline to carry products containing mature content. the loss of our relationships with principal customers or a decline in sales to principal customers, including as a result of a product being rated "ao" (age 18 and over) could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, if our customers are subject to pricing pressures due to deteriorating demand for our products, competitive pressure, or otherwise, such customers may pass those pricing pressures through to us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
furthermore, our customers may also be placed into bankruptcy, become insolvent or be liquidated due to economic downturns, global contractions of credit or for other factors. bankruptcies or consolidations of certain large retail customers could seriously hurt our business, including as a result of uncollectible accounts receivable from such customers and the concentration of purchasing power among remaining large retailers. in addition, our results of operations may be adversely affected if certain of our customers who purchase on credit terms are no longer eligible to purchase on such terms due to their financial distress, which may reduce the quantity of products they demand from us.
if our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with consumers, our business, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected.
our products are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs such as television and online advertising, social media advertising, print advertising, retail merchandising, website development and event sponsorship. our ability to sell our products and services is dependent in part on the success of these programs. if the marketing for our products and services fails to resonate with consumers, particularly during the holiday season or other key selling periods, or if advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could have a material adverse influence on our business, financial condition and operating results.
11
the interactive entertainment software industry is highly competitive.
we compete for both licenses to properties and the sale of interactive entertainment software with sony and microsoft, each of which is a large developer and marketer of software for its own platforms. we also compete with game publishers, such as activision blizzard, inc. and electronic arts inc. and ubisoft entertainment s.a. as our business is dependent upon our ability to develop hit titles, which require increasing budgets for development and marketing, the availability of significant financial resources has become a major competitive factor in developing and marketing software games. some of our competitors have greater financial, technical, personnel and other resources than we do and are able to finance larger budgets for development and marketing and make higher offers to licensors and developers for commercially desirable properties. our titles also compete with other forms of entertainment, such as social media and casual games, in addition to motion pictures, television and audio and video products featuring similar themes, online computer programs and other entertainment, which may be less expensive or provide other advantages to consumers.
a number of software publishers who compete with us have developed and commercialized or are currently developing online games for use by consumers over the internet. if technological advances significantly increase the availability of online games and if consumer acceptance of online gaming grows substantially, it could result in a decline in our platform-based software sales and negatively affect sales of such products.
increased competition for limited shelf space and promotional support from retailers could affect the success of our business and require us to incur greater expenses to market our titles.
retailers have limited shelf space and promotional resources and competition is intense among newly introduced interactive entertainment software titles for adequate levels of shelf space and promotional support. competition for retail shelf space is expected to continue to increase, which may require us to increase our marketing expenditures to maintain desirable sales levels of our titles. competitors with more extensive lines and more popular titles may have greater bargaining power with retailers. accordingly, we may not be able, or we may have to pay more than our competitors, to achieve similar levels of promotional support and shelf space.
our business is partly dependent on our ability to enter into successful software development arrangements with third-parties.
our success depends on our ability to continually identify and develop new titles on a timely basis. we rely on third-party software developers for the development of some of our titles. quality third-party developers are continually in high demand. software developers who have developed titles for us in the past may not be available to develop software for us in the future. due to the limited number of third-party software developers and the limited control that we exercise over them, these developers may not be able to complete titles for us on a timely basis or within acceptable quality standards, if at all. we have entered into agreements with third-parties to acquire the rights to publish and distribute interactive entertainment software as well as to use licensed intellectual properties in our titles. these agreements typically require us to make development payments, pay royalties and satisfy other conditions. our development payments may not be sufficient to permit developers to develop new software successfully, which could result in material delays and significantly increase our costs to bring particular products to market. software development costs, promotion and marketing expenses and royalties payable to software developers and third-party licensors have increased significantly in recent years and reduce potential profits derived from sales of our software. future sales of our titles may not be sufficient to recover development payments and advances to software developers and licensors, and we may not have adequate financial and other resources to satisfy our contractual commitments to such developers. if we fail to satisfy our obligations under agreements with third-party developers and licensors, the agreements may be terminated or modified in ways that are burdensome to us, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.
we cannot publish our titles without the approval of hardware licensors that are also our competitors.
we are required to obtain licenses from sony and microsoft, which are also our competitors, to develop and publish titles for their respective hardware platforms. our existing platform licenses require that we obtain approval for the publication of new titles on a title-by-title basis. as a result, the number of titles we are able to publish for these hardware platforms, our ability to manage the timing of the release of these titles and, accordingly, our net revenue from titles for these hardware platforms, may be limited. if a licensor chooses not to renew or extend our license agreement at the end of its current term, or if a licensor were to terminate our license for any reason or does not approve one or more of our titles, we may be unable to publish that title as well as additional titles for that licensor's platform. termination of any such agreements or disapproval of titles could seriously hurt our business and prospects. we may be unable to continue to enter into license agreements for certain current generation platforms on satisfactory terms or at all. failure to enter into any such agreement could also seriously hurt our business.
we rely on a limited number of channel partners some of whom influence the fee structures for online distribution of our games on their platforms.
12
we rely on a limited number of channel partners, some of whom have retained the right to change the fee structures for online distribution of both paid content and free content (including patches and corrections) that we license to them for distribution on their platforms. such channel partners' ability to set or influence royalty rates may increase costs, which could negatively affect our operating margins. we may be unable to distribute our content in a cost-effective or profitable manner through such distribution channel, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
outside of fee arrangements, our agreements with our channel partners sometimes give them significant control over other aspects of the distribution of our products and services that we develop for their platform. if our channel partners establish terms that restrict our offerings through their channels, or significantly affect the financial terms on which these products or services are offered to our customers, we may be unable to distribute our product offerings through them or be forced to do so on a materially worse financial or business terms.
we may not be able to adequately adjust our cost structure in a timely fashion in response to a sudden decrease in demand.
in the event of a significant decline in revenue, we may not be able to dispose of facilities, reduce personnel or make other changes to our cost structure without disruption to our operations or without significant termination and exit costs. management may not be able to implement such actions in a timely manner, if at all, to offset an immediate shortfall in revenue and profit. moreover, reducing costs may impair our ability to produce and develop software titles at sufficient levels in the future.
the increasing importance of digital sales to our business exposes us to the risks of that business model, including greater competition.
the proportion of our revenues derived from digital content delivery, as compared to traditional retail sales, may continue to increase. the increased importance of digital content delivery in our industry increases our potential competition, as the minimum capital needed to produce and publish a digitally delivered game is significantly less than that needed to produce and publish one that is purchased through retail distribution and is played on a game console. this will also require us to dedicate capital to developing and implementing alternative marketing strategies, which we may not do successfully. if either occurs, we may be unable to effectively market and distribute our products, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. in addition, a continuing shift to digital delivery could result in a deprioritization of our products by traditional retailers. the increasing importance of digital sales to our business could also result in increasing issues with our digital distribution process, including difficulties our distributors have with collecting from consumers and any associated rebates we would owe.
we use open source software in connection with certain of our games and services, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software, products, and services in a manner that could have a negative impact on our business.
we use open source software in connection with certain of our games and the services we offer. some open source software licenses require users who distribute open source software as part of their software to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to such software or make available any derivative works of the open source code on unfavorable terms or at no cost. the terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our use of the open source software. were it determined that our use was not in compliance with a particular license, we may be required to release our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer our games, discontinue distribution in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished on a timely basis or take other remedial action that may divert resources away from our game development efforts, any of which could harm our business.
we depend on servers and internet bandwidth to operate our games and digital services with online features. if we were to lose server capacity or lack sufficient internet bandwidth for any reason, our business could suffer.
we rely on data servers, including those owned or controlled by third parties, to enable our customers to download our games and other downloadable content, and to operate our online games and other products with online functionality. events such as limited hardware failure, any broad-based catastrophic server malfunction, a significant intrusion by hackers that circumvents security measures, or a failure of disaster recovery services would likely interrupt the functionality of our games with online services and could result in a loss of sales for games and related services. an extended interruption of service could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we expect a significant portion of our games to be on-line enabled in the future, and therefore we must project our future server needs and make advance purchases of servers or server capacity to accommodate expected business demands. if we underestimate the amount of server capacity our business requires or if our business were to grow more quickly than expected, our consumers may experience service problems, such as slow or interrupted gaming access. insufficient server capacity may result in decreased sales, a loss of our consumer base and adverse consequences to our reputation. conversely, if we overestimate the amount of server capacity required by our business, we may incur additional operating costs.
13
because of the potential importance of our online business to our revenues and results of operations, our ability to access adequate internet bandwidth and online computational resources to support our business is critical. if the price of either such resource increases, we may not be able to increase our prices or subscriber levels to compensate for such costs, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results.
we submit our products for rating by the entertainment software rating board ("esrb") in the united states and other voluntary or government ratings organizations in foreign countries. failure to obtain a target rating for certain of our products could negatively affect our ability to distribute and sell those games, as could the re-rating of a game for any reason.
we voluntarily submit our game products to the esrb, a u.s.-based non-profit and independent ratings organization. the esrb system provides consumers with information about game content using a rating symbol that generally suggests the appropriate player age group and specific content descriptors, such as graphic violence, profanity or sexually explicit material. the esrb may impose significant penalties on game publishers for violations of its rules related to rating or marketing games, including revocation of a rating or monetary fines. other countries require voluntary or government backed ratings as prerequisites for product sales. in some instances, we may have to modify our products in order to market them under the target rating, which could delay or disrupt the release of our products. in addition, some of our titles may not be sold at all or without extensive edits in certain countries, such as germany.
in the united states, if the esrb rates a game as "ao" (age 18 and older), platform licensors may not certify the game and retailers may refuse to sell it. in addition, some consumers have reacted to re-ratings or controversial game content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding refunds for games that they had already purchased, and refraining from buying other games published by us. many of our rockstar titles and certain of our 2k titles have been rated "m" (age 17 and older) by the esrb. if we are unable to obtain "m" ratings and instead receive "ao" ratings on future versions of those or similar titles as a result of changes in the esrb's ratings standards or for other reasons, including the adoption of legislation in this area, our business and prospects could be negatively affected. if any of our games are re-rated by the esrb or other foreign based ratings organizations, we could be exposed to litigation, administrative fines and penalties and other potential liabilities, and our operating results and financial condition could be significantly affected.
we have implemented processes to comply with the requirements of the esrb and other ratings organizations and properly display the designated rating symbols and content descriptions. nonetheless, these processes are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding and reasonable resource constraints. if a video game we published were found to contain undisclosed pertinent content, the esrb could re-rate a game, retailers could refuse to sell it and demand that we accept the return of any unsold copies or returns from customers, and consumers could refuse to buy it or demand that we refund their money. this could have a material negative affect on our operating results and financial condition. in addition, we may be exposed to litigation, administrative fines and penalties and our reputation could be harmed, which could affect sales of other video games we sell. if any of these consequences were to occur, our business and financial performance could be significantly harmed.
content policies adopted by retailers, consumer opposition and litigation could negatively affect sales of our products.
retailers may decline to sell interactive entertainment software containing what they judge to be graphic violence or sexually explicit material or other content that they deem inappropriate for their businesses. if retailers decline to sell our products based upon their opinion that they contain objectionable themes, graphic violence or sexually explicit material or other generally objectionable content, or if any of our previously "m" rated series products are rated "ao," we might be required to significantly change or discontinue particular titles or series, which in the case of our best-selling grand theft auto titles could seriously affect our business. consumer advocacy groups have opposed sales of interactive entertainment software containing objectionable themes, violence or sexual material or other objectionable content by pressing for legislation in these areas and by engaging in public demonstrations and media campaigns. additionally, although lawsuits seeking damages for injuries allegedly suffered by third-parties as a result of video games have generally been unsuccessful in the courts, claims of this kind have been asserted against us from time to time and may be asserted and be successful in the future. an increase in the number of lawsuits filed by the families of victims of violence may trigger supplemental governmental scrutiny, damage our reputation, and negatively affect the sale of our products.
our results of operations or reputation may be harmed as a result of offensive consumer-created content.
we are subject to risks associated with the collaborative online features in our games which allow consumers to post narrative comments, in real time, that are visible to other consumers. from time to time, objectionable and offensive consumer content may be posted to a gaming or other site with online chat features or game forums which allow consumers to post comments. we may be subject to lawsuits, governmental regulation or restrictions, and consumer backlash (including decreased sales and harmed reputation), as a result of consumers posting offensive content. we may also be subject to consumer backlash from comments made in response to postings we make on social media sites such as facebook, youtube and twitter.
14
we are subject to risks and uncertainties of international trade, including fluctuations in the values of local foreign currencies against the dollar.
sales in international markets, primarily in europe, have accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, 43.9% of our net revenue was earned outside the united states. we are continuing to execute on our growth initiatives in asia, where our strategy is to broaden the distribution of our existing products and expand our online gaming presence, especially in china and south korea. we are subject to risks inherent in foreign trade, including increased credit risks, tariffs and duties, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, shipping delays, and international political, regulatory and economic developments, all of which can have a significant influence on our operating results. many of our international sales are made in local currencies, which could fluctuate against the dollar. while we may use forward exchange contracts to a limited extent to seek to mitigate foreign currency risk, our operating results could be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations.
we face risks from our international operations.
we are subject to certain risks because of our international operations, particularly as we continue to grow our business and presence in asia, latin america and other parts of the world. changes to and compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may increase our cost of doing business and our inability or failure to obtain required approvals could harm our international and domestic sales. trade legislation in either the united states or other countries, such as a change in the current tariff structures, import/export compliance laws or other trade laws or policies, could adversely affect our ability to sell or to distribute in international markets. we incur additional legal compliance costs associated with our international operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if we do not comply with local laws and regulations which may be substantially different from those in the united states. in many foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, it may be common to engage in business practices that are prohibited by united states laws and regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act, and by local laws, such as laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials. although we implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents, as well as those companies to which we outsource certain of our business operations, including those based in or from countries where practices which violate such laws may be customary, will not take actions in violation of our policies. any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
on june 23, 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the e.u., commonly referred to as "brexit." on march 29, 2017, the u.k. notified the european council, in accordance with article 50 of the treaty on european union, of the u.k.'s intention to withdraw from the european union. as a result, it is expected that the british government will begin negotiating the terms of the u.k.'s future relationship with the e.u. the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to the e.u. markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. the measures could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and may cause us to lose customers, distributors and employees. if the u.k. loses access to the single e.u. market and the global trade deals negotiated by the e.u., it could have a detrimental impact on our u.k. growth. such a decline could also make our doing business in europe more difficult, which could negatively affect sales to consumers of our products. without access to the single e.u. market, it may be more challenging and costly to distribute our products in europe. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which e.u. laws to replace and replicate. if there are changes to u.k. immigration policy as a result of brexit, this could affect our employees and their ability to move freely between the e.u. member states for work related matters.
if we are unable to protect the intellectual property relating to our software, the commercial value of our products will be adversely affected and our competitive position could be harmed.
we develop proprietary software and have obtained the rights to publish and distribute software developed by third-parties. we attempt to protect our software and production techniques under patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws as well as through contractual restrictions on disclosure, copying and distribution. nonetheless, our software is susceptible to piracy and unauthorized copying, and third-parties may potentially exploit or misappropriate our intellectual property and proprietary information, causing significant reputational damage. unauthorized third-parties, for example, may be able to copy or to reverse engineer our software to obtain and use programming or production techniques that we regard as proprietary. well organized piracy operations have also proliferated in recent years, resulting in the ability to download pirated copies of our software over the internet. although we attempt to incorporate protective measures into our software, piracy of our products could negatively affect our future profitability.
if we infringe on or are alleged to infringe on the intellectual property rights of third-parties, our business could be adversely affected.
as our industry grows, we may be subject to an increasing amount of litigation that is common in the software industry based on allegations of infringement or other alleged violations of patent, copyright and/or trademarks. in addition, we believe that interactive entertainment software will increasingly become the subject of claims that such software infringes on the intellectual property
15
rights of others with both the growth of online functionality and advances in technology, game content and software graphics as games become more realistic. from time to time, we receive notices from third-parties or are named in lawsuits by third-parties alleging infringement of their proprietary rights. although we believe that our software and technologies and the software and technologies of third-party developers and publishers with whom we have contractual relations do not and will not infringe or violate proprietary rights of others, it is possible that infringement of proprietary rights of others may occur. any claims of infringement, with or without merit, could be time consuming, costly and difficult to defend. moreover, intellectual property litigation or claims could require us to discontinue the distribution of products, obtain a license or redesign our products, which could result in additional substantial costs and material delays.
our software is susceptible to errors, which can harm our financial results and reputation.
the technological advancements of new hardware platforms result in the development of more complex software products. as software products become more complex, the risk of undetected errors in new products increases. we may need to produce and distribute patches in order to repair such errors, which could be costly and may distract our developers from working on new products. if, despite testing, errors are found in new products or releases after shipments have been made, we may have to consider suspending distribution of defective products or offering refunds, and we could experience a loss of or delay in timely market acceptance, product returns, loss of revenue, increases in costs relating to the repair of such errors and damage to our reputation.
if we acquire or invest in other businesses, intellectual properties or other assets, we may be unable to integrate them with our business, our financial performance may be impaired and/or we may not realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for such transactions.
if appropriate opportunities present themselves, we may acquire or make investments in businesses, intellectual properties and other assets that we believe are strategic. we may not be able to identify, negotiate or finance any future acquisition or investment successfully. even if we do succeed in acquiring or investing in a business, intellectual property or other asset, such acquisitions and investments involve a number of risks, including:
   retaining key employees and maintaining the key business and customer relationships of the businesses we acquire;
   cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from an acquired company or business into our organization;
   the possibility that the combined company would not achieve the expected benefits, including any anticipated operating and product synergies, of the acquisition as quickly as anticipated or that the costs of, or operational difficulties arising from, an acquisition would be greater than anticipated;
   significant acquisition-related accounting adjustments, particularly relating to an acquired company's deferred revenue, that may cause reported revenue and profits of the combined company to be lower than the sum of their stand-alone revenue and profits;
   significant accounting charges resulting from the completion and integration of a sizeable acquisition and increased capital expenditures, including potential impairment charges incurred to write down the carrying amount of intangible assets generated as a result of an acquisition;
   the possibility that significant acquisitions, when not managed cautiously, may result in the over-extension of our existing operating infrastructures, internal controls and information technology systems.
   the possibility that we will not discover important facts during due diligence that could have a material adverse effect on the value of the businesses we acquire, including the possibility that a change of control of a company we acquire triggers a termination of contractual or intellectual property rights important to the operation of its business;
   the need to integrate an acquired company's accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective management and timely reporting, and the need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company in an acquired company that, prior to the acquisition, lacked these controls, procedures and policies;
   litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risks as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated employees, customers or other third-parties; and
   to the extent that we engage in strategic transactions outside of the united states, we face additional risks, including risks related to integration of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries.
future acquisitions and investments could also involve the issuance of our equity and equity-linked securities (potentially diluting our existing stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles,
16
or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses such as stock-based compensation. any of the foregoing factors could harm our financial condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been achieved by us on a stand-alone basis. our stockholders may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate future acquisitions or investments.
our ability to acquire and maintain licenses to intellectual property, especially for sports titles, affects our revenue and profitability. competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our costs.
certain of our products are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. for example, certain of our 2k products include rights licensed from major sports leagues and players' associations. similarly, some of our other titles are based on licenses of popular entertainment products. competition for these licenses is intense. if we are unable to maintain these licenses or obtain additional licenses on reasonable economic terms or with significant commercial value, our revenue and profitability could decline significantly. competition for these licenses may also increase the advances, guarantees and royalties that we must pay to the licensor, which could significantly increase our costs and adversely affect our profitability. in addition, on certain intellectual property licenses, we are subject to guaranteed minimum payments, royalties or standards of performance and may not be able to terminate these agreements prior to their stated expiration. if such licensed products do not generate revenues in excess of such minimum guarantees, our profitability will be adversely affected.
we are subject to contractual covenants which place certain limitations on how we manage our business.
our second amended and restated credit agreement (as amended, the "credit agreement") and the indentures governing our 1.00% convertible notes due 2018 issued in june 2013 (the "1.00% convertible notes") may limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, paying dividends, repurchasing shares and acquiring or disposing of assets or businesses. in addition, we have granted a security interest in connection with certain compensatory arrangements which limits our ability to incur senior debt in excess of certain amounts. accordingly, we may be restricted from taking actions that management believes would be desirable and in the best interests of us and our stockholders. our credit agreement and the indentures also require us to satisfy specified financial and non-financial covenants. a breach of any of the covenants contained in our credit agreement could result in an event of default under the agreement and under the indentures governing our 1.00% convertible notes and would allow our lenders and noteholders to pursue various remedies, including accelerating the repayment of any outstanding indebtedness.
our business and products are subject to potential legislation. the adoption of such proposed legislation could limit the retail market for our products.
several proposals have been made for federal legislation to regulate our industry. such proposals seek to prohibit the sale of products containing certain content included in some of our games. if any such proposals are enacted into law, it may limit the potential market for some of our games in the united states, and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. other countries, such as germany, have adopted laws regulating content both in packaged games and those transmitted over the internet that are stricter than current united states laws. in the united states, proposals have also been made by numerous state legislators to regulate and prohibit the sale of interactive entertainment software products containing certain types of violent or sexual content to under 17 or 18 audiences, such as the state of california's "ultraviolent video games law" that sought to ban the sale or rental of violent video games to minors. while such legislation to date has been enjoined by industry and retail groups or been found unconstitutional, the adoption into law of such legislation in federal and/or in state jurisdictions in which we do significant business could severely limit the retail market for some of our games.
we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill becomes impaired.
we are required under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles to review our goodwill for impairment at least annually or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating a requirement to reevaluate whether our goodwill continues to be recoverable, include a significant decline in stock price and market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry or other materially adverse events. we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill is determined. this may adversely affect our operating results.
our reported financial results could be adversely affected by the application of existing or future accounting standards to our business as it evolves.
our reported financial results are affected by the accounting policies promulgated by the sec and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. for example, standards regarding revenue recognition have and could further significantly affect the way we account for revenue related to our products and services. we expect that an increasing number of our games will be online-enabled in the future and that we could be required to recognize the related revenues over a period of time rather than at the time of sale. further, as we increase our downloadable content and
17
add new features to our online services, our estimate of the service period may change and we could be required to recognize revenues, and defer related costs, over a shorter or longer period of time than we initially allocated. as we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenue, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results although not necessarily on our cash flows.
risks relating to our common stock for purposes of this section "risks relating to our common stock," references to "the company," "we," "our," and "us" refer only to take-two interactive software, inc. and not to its subsidiaries.
additional issuances or sales of equity securities by us would dilute the ownership of our existing stockholders and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
we may issue equity or equity-based securities (such as our 1.00% convertible notes) in the future in connection with acquisitions or strategic transactions, to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, including through repayment of outstanding debt, to fund expansion of our operations or for other purposes. to the extent we issue additional equity securities, including upon conversion of our outstanding 1.00% convertible notes, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders would be reduced. the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely affect its price. the sale or the availability for sale of a large number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to decline. the issuance of shares of our common stock upon conversion of our 1.00% convertible notes could also adversely affect the price of our common stock.
there is no guarantee that we will do additional share repurchases in the future.
the share repurchase program authorized by the board of directors, which authorized the repurchase of up to 14,217,683 shares of our common stock and had 9,046,353 shares available for repurchase as of march 31, 2017, does not obligate the company to make any purchases at any specific time or situation. discontinuing repurchases could adversely affect the price of the company's common stock. the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time for any reason.
our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly.
the market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. these fluctuations may be due to factors specific to us including those discussed in the risk factors in this section as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material, to changes in securities analysts' earnings estimates or ratings, to our results or future financial guidance falling below our expectations and analysts' and investors' expectations, to factors affecting the computer, software, entertainment, media or electronics industries, or to national or international economic conditions.
stock markets, in general, have experienced over the years, and continue to experience significant price and volume fluctuations that have affected market prices for companies such as ours and that may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our stock, regardless of our operating performance.
delaware law, our charter documents and provisions of our debt agreements may impede or discourage a takeover, which could cause the market price of our shares to decline.
we are a delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third-party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. our board of directors has the power, without stockholder approval, to adopt a stockholder rights plan and/or to designate the terms of one or more series of preferred stock and issue shares of preferred stock. in addition, we may under certain circumstances involving a change of control, be obligated to repurchase all or a portion of our 1.00% convertible notes and any potential acquirer would be required to assume our obligations related to any outstanding 1.00% convertible notes. we or any possible acquirer may not have available financial resources necessary to repurchase those notes. the ability of our board of directors to create and issue a new series of preferred stock and certain provisions of delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the indenture governing our notes could impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the market price of our common stock and the value of any outstanding notes.
our ability to use net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards to reduce future years' taxes could be substantially limited under internal revenue code sections 382 and 383 if we experience an ownership change as defined in the internal revenue code section 382.
18
section 382 of the internal revenue code contains rules that limit the ability of a company to use its net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards in years after an ownership change, which is generally defined as any change in ownership of more than 50% of its stock over a three-year testing period. these rules generally operate by focusing on ownership changes among stockholders owning directly or indirectly 5% or more of the stock of a company and/or any change in ownership arising from a new issuance of stock by the company. if, as a result of future transactions involving our common stock, including purchases or sales of stock by 5% stockholders, we undergo cumulative ownership changes which exceed 50% over the testing period, our ability to use our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards would be subject to additional limitations under sections 382 and 383.
generally, if an ownership change occurs, the annual taxable income limitation on the use of net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is equal to the product of the applicable long-term tax exempt rate and the value of the company's stock immediately before the ownership change. depending on the resulting limitation, a portion of our net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them.
our inability to fully utilize our net operating losses to reduce tax liability in the future could have a material and negative affect on our future financial position and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview our business we are a leading developer, publisher and marketer of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. our products are currently designed for console gaming systems such as sony's ps4 and ps3 and microsoft's xbox one and xbox 360; and pc, including smartphones and tablets. we deliver our products through physical retail, digital download, online platforms and cloud streaming services.
23
we endeavor to be the most creative, innovative and efficient company in our industry. our core strategy is to capitalize on the popularity of video games by developing and publishing high-quality interactive entertainment experiences across a range of genres. we focus on building compelling entertainment franchises by publishing a select number of titles for which we can create sequels and incremental revenue opportunities through add-on content, microtransactions and online play. most of our intellectual property is internally owned and developed, which we believe best positions us financially and competitively. we have established a portfolio of proprietary software content for the major hardware platforms in a wide range of genres, including action, adventure, family/casual, racing, role-playing, shooter, sports and strategy, which we distribute worldwide. we believe that our commitment to creativity and innovation is a distinguishing strength, enabling us to differentiate our products in the marketplace by combining advanced technology with compelling storylines and characters that provide unique gameplay experiences for consumers. we have created, acquired or licensed a group of highly recognizable brands to match the broad consumer demographics we serve, ranging from adults to children and game enthusiasts to casual gamers. another cornerstone of our strategy is to support the success of our products in the marketplace through innovative marketing programs and global distribution on platforms and through channels that are relevant to our target audience.
our revenue is primarily derived from the sale of internally developed software titles and software titles developed by third-parties. operating margins are dependent in part upon our ability to release new, commercially successful software products and to manage effectively their development costs. we have internal development studios located in canada, china, czech republic, the united kingdom and the united states.
software titles published by our rockstar games label are primarily internally developed. we expect rockstar games, our wholly-owned publisher of the grand theft auto, max payne, midnight club, red dead and other popular franchises, to continue to be a leader in the action / adventure product category and to create groundbreaking entertainment by leveraging our existing titles as well as by developing new brands. we believe that rockstar has established a uniquely original, popular cultural phenomenon with its grand theft auto series, which is the interactive entertainment industry's most iconic and critically acclaimed brand and has sold-in over 260 million units. the latest installment, grand theft auto v, was released on sony's ps3 and microsoft's xbox 360 in september 2013, on sony's ps4 and microsoft's xbox one in november 2014, and on pc in april 2015. grand theft auto v includes access to grand theft auto online, which initially launched in october 2013. rockstar games is also well known for developing brands in other genres, including the l.a. noire, bully and manhunt franchises. rockstar games continues to expand on our established franchises by developing sequels, offering downloadable episodes, content and virtual currency, and releasing titles for smartphones and tablets.
our 2k label has published a variety of popular entertainment properties across all key platforms and across a range of genres including shooter, action, role-playing, strategy, sports and family/casual entertainment. we expect 2k to continue to develop new, successful franchises in the future. 2k's internally owned and developed franchises include the critically acclaimed, multi-million unit selling bioshock, mafia, sid meier's civilization and xcom series. in may 2016, 2k launched battleborn, a new brand created by gearbox software, the makers of borderlands. 2k also publishes successful externally developed franchises, such as borderlands and evolve. 2k's realistic sports simulation titles include our flagship nba 2k series, which continues to be the top-ranked nba basketball video game, and the wwe 2k professional wrestling series.
we are continuing to execute on our growth initiatives in asia, where our strategy is to broaden the distribution of our existing products and expand our online gaming presence, especially in china and south korea. 2k has secured a multi-year license from the nba to develop an online version of the nba simulation game in china, taiwan, south korea and southeast asia. in october 2012, nba 2k online, our free-to-play nba simulation game, which was co-developed by 2k and tencent, launched commercially on the tencent games portal in china.
on january 31, 2017, take-two acquired privately-held social point (refer to note 23 of our consolidated financial statements). founded in 2008 and headquartered in barcelona, spain, social point is a highly-successful free-to-play mobile game developer and publisher that focuses on delivering high-quality, deeply-engaging entertainment experiences. social point currently has multiple profitable titles in the market, including its two most successful games, dragon city and monster legends. in addition, social point has a robust development pipeline with a number of exciting games planned for launch over the next two years. social point's games currently are available in north america, latin america and emea, and approximately 50% of its revenue is derived from the united states. in 2016, over 90% of its revenue was generated from mobile platforms.
trends and factors affecting our business product release schedule.    our financial results are affected by the timing of our product releases and the commercial success of those titles. our grand theft auto products in particular have historically accounted for a significant portion of our revenue. sales of grand theft auto products generated 38.2% of our net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. the timing of our grand theft auto product releases may affect our financial performance on a quarterly and annual basis.
24
economic environment and retailer performance.    we continue to monitor economic conditions that may unfavorably affect our businesses, such as deteriorating consumer demand, pricing pressure on our products, credit quality of our receivables, and foreign currency exchange rates. our business is dependent upon a limited number of customers that account for a significant portion of our revenue. our five largest customers accounted for 65.5%, 58.9% and 64.6% of net revenue during the fiscal years ended march 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. as of march 31, 2017 and 2016, five customers comprised 69.9% and 73.9% of our gross accounts receivable, respectively, with our significant customers (those that individually comprised more than 10% of our gross accounts receivable balance) accounting for 57.6% and 64.1% of such balance at march 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we had two customers who accounted for 40.2% and 17.4% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2017 and three customers who accounted for 35.2%, 16.8% and 12.1% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2016. we did not have any additional customers that exceeded 10% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2017 and 2016. the economic environment has affected our customers in the past, and may do so in the future. bankruptcies or consolidations of our large retail customers could seriously hurt our business, due to uncollectible accounts receivables and the concentration of purchasing power among the remaining large retailers. certain of our large customers sell used copies of our games, which may negatively affect our business by reducing demand for new copies of our games. while the downloadable content that we now offer for certain of our titles may serve to reduce used game sales, we expect used game sales to continue to adversely affect our business.
hardware platforms.    we derive most of our revenue from the sale of products made for video game consoles manufactured by third-parties, such as sony's ps4 and ps3 and microsoft's xbox one and xbox 360, which comprised 81.0% of our net revenue by product platform for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. the success of our business is dependent upon the consumer acceptance of these consoles and continued growth in their installed base. when new hardware platforms are introduced, demand for software used on older platforms typically declines, which may negatively affect our business during the market transition to the new consoles. we continually monitor console hardware sales. we manage our product delivery on each current and future platform in a manner we believe to be most effective to maximize our revenue opportunities and achieve the desired return on our investments in product development. accordingly, our strategy is to focus our development efforts on a select number of the highest quality titles for these platforms, while also expanding our offerings for emerging platforms such as tablets, smartphones and online games.
online content and digital distribution.    the interactive entertainment software industry is delivering a growing amount of content through digital online delivery methods. we provide a variety of online delivered products and offerings. most of our titles that are available through retailers as packaged goods products are also available through direct digital download (from websites we own and others owned by third-parties). in addition, we aim to drive ongoing engagement and incremental revenue from recurrent consumer spending on our titles after their initial purchase through downloadable offerings, including add-on content, microtransactions and online play. we also publish an expanding variety of titles for tablets and smartphones, which are delivered to consumers through digital download via the internet. note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, "segment and geographic information," discloses that net revenue from digital online channels comprised 51.8% of our net revenue by distribution channel for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017. we expect online delivery of games and game offerings to continue to grow and to become an increasing part of our business over the long-term.
product releases we released the following key titles in fiscal year 2017:
title                         publishing label   internal or         platform(s)                                 date released external development battleborn                                  2k   external            xbox one, ps4, pc                           may 3, 2016
bioshock: the collection                    2k   internal/external   xbox one, ps4, pc (digital download only)   september 13, 2016
nba 2k17                                    2k   internal            xbox 360, xbox one, ps3, ps4, pc            september 20, 2016
xcom 2                                      2k   internal            xbox one, ps4                               september 27, 2016
mafia iii                                   2k   internal            xbox one, ps4, pc                           october 7, 2016
wwe 2k17                                    2k   internal/external   xbox 360, xbox one, ps3, ps4                october 11, 2016
sid meier's civilization vi                 2k   internal            pc                                          october 21, 2016
product pipeline we have announced the following key titles to date (this list does not represent all titles currently in development):
25
title                   publishing label   internal or         platform(s)                                expected release date external development red dead redemption 2   rockstar games     internal            ps4, xbox one                              spring 2018
nba 2k18                2k                 internal            xbox 360, xbox one, ps3, ps4, switch, pc   september 19, 2017
wwe 2k18                2k                 internal/external   tba                                        fall 2017
fiscal 2017 financial summary our net revenue for fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 was led by titles from a variety of our top franchises, primarily grand theft auto, nba 2k and wwe 2k. our net revenue increased to $1,779.7 million, an increase of $366.1 million or 25.9% compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016.
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, our net income was $67.3 million, as compared to a net loss of $8.3 million in the prior year. diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 was $0.72, as compared to a loss per share of $0.10 for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. our operating income for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 increased compared to the operating loss for fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, due primarily to higher gross profit from sales of our titles and the business reorganization charges incurred in 2016 not recurring in 2017, offset by higher operating expenses, primarily as a result of an increase in selling and marketing expense.
at march 31, 2017 we had $943.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, compared to $798.7 million at march 31, 2016. the increase in cash and cash equivalents from march 31, 2016 was due primarily to cash provided by operating activities partially offset by cash used in investing and financing activities. the increase in net cash provided by operations was due primarily to cash generated from sales of grand theft auto v, nba 2k17, wwe 2k17, mafia iii, and virtual currency, partially offset by investments in software development and licenses and the funding of internal royalty payments. net cash used in investing and financing activities related primarily to our acquisition of social point and the net share settlements of stock-based awards.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we base our estimates, assumptions and judgments on historical experience, current trends and other factors that management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. on a regular basis, management reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are fairly presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. however, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual amounts could differ significantly from these estimates.
we have identified the policies below as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our financial results and they require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. the effect and any associated risks related to these policies on our business operations is discussed throughout management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. for a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates and related disclosures with the audit committee of our board of directors.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue on the sales of software products upon the transfer of title and risk of loss to our customers. accordingly, we recognize revenue for software titles when there is (1) persuasive evidence that an arrangement with the customer exists, (2) the product is delivered, (3) the selling price is fixed or determinable and (4) collection of the customer receivable is deemed probable. certain products are sold to customers with a street date (i.e., the earliest date these products may be sold by retailers). for these products we recognize revenue on the later of the street date or the sale date. in addition, some of our software products are sold as full game digital downloads and digital add-on content for which the consumer takes possession of the digital content for a fee. revenue from product downloads is generally recognized when the download is made available to the end user (assuming all other recognition criteria are met).
in providing credit terms to our customers, our payment arrangements typically provide net 30 and 60 day terms. advances received for licensing and exclusivity arrangements are reported on our consolidated balance sheets as deferred revenue until we meet our performance obligations, at which point we recognize the revenue.
26
for some of our software products, we enter into multiple element revenue arrangements in which we may provide a combination of full game software, online multi-player functionality, and related post-contract customer support ("pcs") which generally includes additional free unspecified add-on content updates, maintenance, and online support services. for these arrangements, we evaluate the significance of the pcs at the time each game is released based on the guidance in accounting standards codification 985-605, "software-revenue recognition" ("asc 985-605") to determine if the pcs rises to the level of a separate deliverable. we monitor our initial assessments on an ongoing basis and consider any changes that may arise. in conjunction with our evaluation, we consider such factors as the significance of the development effort, the nature of online features, the extent of anticipated marketing focus on online features, the significance of the online features to the consumers' anticipated overall gameplay experience, and the significance and length of time of our post sale obligations to consumers. determining whether pcs is significant for a particular game is subjective and requires management's judgment.
when a software arrangement includes multiple elements, the arrangement consideration is allocated to each revenue element based on its relative fair value, based on the vendor specific objective evidence ("vsoe") of fair value for each element. when vsoe of fair value does not exist for all of the elements in the arrangement, asc 985-605 requires either the use of the residual method or the deferral of revenue until the earlier point at which vsoe of fair value exists for any undelivered element or until only one undelivered element remains. for arrangements that require the deferral of revenue, the related cost of goods sold is deferred and recognized as the related net revenue is recognized. deferred cost of goods sold includes product costs and licenses. we do not have vsoe for our pcs obligations and in those arrangements where pcs obligations have been determined to be significant we recognize revenue from the sale of software products and the related cost of goods sold ratably over the period we expect to offer the pcs to the consumer ("estimated service period"), assuming all other recognition criteria are met. we also do not have vsoe for our online multi-player functionality; however it is generally delivered at the same time with the full game software. determining the estimated service period is subjective and requires management's judgment, therefore, the estimated service period may change in the future. the estimated service periods of our current games, with online functionality and related pcs, are generally 12 to 41 months.
when our software products provide insignificant pcs at no additional cost to the consumer, we recognize revenue when the four primary revenue recognition criteria described above have been met for all other deliverables in the arrangement and, in those situations, we estimate and accrue the future costs of providing those services.
certain of our games provide consumers with the option to purchase virtual currency to use in the game to acquire virtual goods. we currently recognize revenue from the sale of virtual currency, using the game-based model, ratably over the estimated remaining life of the game. because the service period for our online-enabled games with significant pcs is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the service offering period for purposes of recognizing revenue. the estimated service period for current deferred title offerings is based on our estimate of the economic game life of the respective title. determining the estimated service period (or economic game life) is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision based on numerous factors and considerations. the factors that we primarily consider as part of our process of initially determining and subsequently reassessing estimated service periods for our titles include:
   the period of time over which the substantial majority of a respective title's estimated lifetime game sales and in-game virtual currency sales are expected to occur;
   the period of time over which we plan to provide free unspecified add-on content updates, maintenance or other remaining material online support services associated with our online-enabled games;
   the time over which we plan to dedicate internal resources to support the online functionality of a title;
   known and expected online gameplay trends;
   the results from prior analyses;
   the nature of the game (e.g., annual title, genre, period of time between franchise title releases, etc.); and
   the disclosed service periods for competitors' games.
to the extent we have recorded significant amounts of revenue deferred for specific titles, changes in the estimated service periods could have a material impact on the revenue recognized in a particular period.
as part of our on-going assessment of estimated service periods during the three months ended march 31, 2017, we changed grand theft auto v's estimated service period from 36 to 41 months. the change in estimate resulted in a decrease in net revenues
27
of $29,367 and income from operations of $27,070 to our fiscal 2017 financial results, with such revenues expected to be recognized in fiscal 2018.
revenue is recognized after deducting estimated price protection, reserves for returns and other allowances. in circumstances when we do not have a reliable basis to estimate price protection, returns and other allowances or are unable to determine that collection of a receivable is probable, we defer the revenue until we can reliably estimate any related returns and allowances and determine that collection of the receivable is probable.
price protection and allowances for returns we grant price protection and accept returns in connection with our publishing arrangements. following reductions in the price of our products, we grant price protection to permit customers to take credits against amounts they owe us with respect to merchandise unsold by them. our customers must satisfy certain conditions to entitle them to receive price protection or return products, including compliance with applicable payment terms and confirmation of field inventory levels.
generally, our distribution arrangements with customers do not give them the right to return titles or to cancel firm orders. however, we occasionally accept returns from our customers for stock balancing and make accommodations to customers, which include credits and returns, when demand for specific titles falls below expectations.
we make estimates of future price protection and product returns related to current period product revenue. we estimate the amount of future price protection and returns for published titles based upon, among other factors, historical experience and performance of the titles in similar genres, historical performance of the hardware platform, customer inventory levels, analysis of sell-through rates, sales force and retail customer feedback, industry pricing, market conditions and changes in demand and acceptance of our products by consumers.
significant management judgments and estimates must be made and used in connection with establishing price protection and the allowance for returns in any accounting period. we believe we can make reliable estimates of price protection and returns. however, actual results may differ from initial estimates as a result of changes in circumstances, market conditions and assumptions. adjustments to estimates are recorded in the period in which they become known.
software development costs and licenses capitalized software development costs include direct costs incurred for internally developed titles and payments made to third-party software developers under development agreements.
we capitalize internal software development costs (including stock-based compensation, specifically identifiable employee payroll expense and incentive compensation costs related to the completion and release of titles), third-party production and other content costs, subsequent to establishing technological feasibility of a software title. technological feasibility of a product includes the completion of both technical design documentation and game design documentation. significant management judgments and estimates are utilized in the assessment of when technological feasibility is established. for products where proven technology exists, this may occur early in the development cycle. technological feasibility is evaluated on a product by product basis.
we enter into agreements with third-party developers that require us to make payments for game development and production services. in exchange for our payments, we receive the exclusive publishing and distribution rights to the finished game title as well as, in some cases, the underlying intellectual property rights. such agreements typically allow us to fully recover these payments to the developers at an agreed upon royalty rate earned on the subsequent sales of such software, net of any agreed upon costs. prior to establishing technological feasibility of a product we record any costs incurred by third-party developers as research and development expenses. subsequent to establishing technological feasibility of a product we capitalize all development and production service payments to third-party developers as software development costs and licenses. we typically enter into agreements with third-party developers after completing the technical design documentation for our products and therefore record the design costs leading up to a signed development contract as research and development expense. when we contract with third-party developers, we generally select those that have proven technology and experience in the genre of the software being developed, which often allows for the establishment of technological feasibility early in the development cycle. in instances where the documentation of the design and technology are not in place prior to an executed contract, we monitor the software development process and require our third-party developers to adhere to the same technological feasibility standards that apply to our internally developed products.
licenses consist of payments and guarantees made to holders of intellectual property rights for use of their trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property rights in the development of our products. agreements with license holders generally provide for guaranteed minimum payments for use of their intellectual property. certain licenses, especially those related to our sports products, extend over multi-year periods and encompass multiple game titles. in addition to guaranteed minimum payments, these licenses frequently contain provisions that could require us to pay royalties to the license holder based on pre-agreed unit sales thresholds.
28
amortization of capitalized software development costs and licenses commences when a product is released and is recorded on a title-by-title basis in cost of goods sold. for capitalized software development costs, amortization is calculated using (1) the proportion of current year revenues to the total revenues expected to be recorded over the life of the title or (2) the straight-line method over the remaining estimated useful life of the title, whichever is greater. for capitalized licenses, amortization is calculated as a ratio of (1) current period revenues to the total revenues expected to be recorded over the remaining life of the title or (2) the contractual royalty rate based on actual net product sales as defined in the licensing agreement, whichever is greater.
we evaluate the future recoverability of capitalized software development costs and licenses on a quarterly basis. recoverability is primarily assessed based on the actual title's performance. for products that are scheduled to be released in the future, recoverability is evaluated based on the expected performance of the specific products to which the cost or license relates. we utilize a number of criteria in evaluating expected product performance, including: historical performance of comparable products developed with comparable technology; market performance of comparable titles; orders for the product prior to its release; general market conditions; and, past performance of the franchise. when we determine that the value of the title is unlikely to be recovered by product sales, capitalized costs are charged to cost of goods sold in the period in which such determination is made.
we have profit and unit sales based internal royalty programs that allow selected employees to each participate in the success of software titles that they assist in developing. royalties earned under this program are recorded as a component of cost of goods sold in the period earned.
fair value estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap often requires us to determine the fair value of a particular item to fairly present our consolidated financial statements. without an independent market or another representative transaction, determining the fair value of a particular item requires us to make several assumptions that are inherently difficult to predict and can have a material influence on the conclusion of the appropriate accounting.
various valuation techniques are used to estimate fair value. these include (1) the market approach where market transactions for identical or comparable assets or liabilities are used to determine the fair value, (2) the income approach, which uses valuation techniques to convert future amounts (for example, future cash flows or future earnings) to a single present amount, and (3) the cost approach, which is based on the amount that would be required to replace an asset. for many of our fair value estimates, including our estimates of the fair value of acquired intangible assets, we use the income approach. using the income approach requires the use of financial models, which require us to make various estimates including, but not limited to (1) the potential future cash flows for the asset, liability or equity instrument being measured, (2) the timing of receipt or payment of those future cash flows, (3) the time value of money associated with the delayed receipt or payment of such cash flows, and (4) the inherent risk associated with the cash flows (risk premium). developing these cash flow estimates is inherently difficult and subjective, and, if any of the estimates used to determine the fair value using the income approach turn out to be inaccurate, our financial results may be negatively affected. furthermore, relatively small changes in many of these estimates can have a significant influence on the estimated fair value resulting from the financial models or the related accounting conclusion reached. for example, a relatively small change in the estimated fair value of an asset may change a conclusion as to whether an asset is impaired. while we are required to make certain fair value assessments associated with the accounting for several types of transactions, the following areas are the most sensitive to the assessments:
business combinations-goodwill and intangible assets.  we must estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. our assessment of the estimated fair value of each of these can have a material effect on our reported results as intangible assets are amortized over various lives. goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible assets and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. a change in the estimated fair value of an acquired asset or liability assumed often has a direct influence on the amount recognized as goodwill, which is an asset that is not amortized. often determining the fair value of these acquired assets and liabilities assumed requires an assessment of expected use of the asset, the expected cost to extinguish the liability or our expectations related to the timing and the successful completion of development of an acquired in-process technology. such estimates are inherently difficult and subjective and can have a material influence on our financial statements.
we use either the income, cost or market approach to aid in our conclusions of such fair values and asset lives. the income approach presumes that the value of an asset can be estimated by the net economic benefit to be received over the life of the asset, discounted to present value. the cost approach presumes that an investor would pay no more for an asset than its replacement or reproduction cost. the market approach estimates value based on what other participants in the market have paid for reasonably similar assets. although each valuation approach is considered in valuing the assets acquired, the approach ultimately selected is based on the characteristics of the asset and the availability of information.
we test our goodwill for impairment annually, in our second fiscal quarter, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit may be below its carrying amount. a reporting unit is defined as an operating segment or one
29
level below an operating segment. we have determined that we operate in one reporting unit, which is our operating segment. the determination of whether or not goodwill has become impaired involves a significant level of judgment in the assumptions underlying the approach used to determine the value of our reporting units. changes in our strategy and/or market conditions could significantly affect these judgments and require reductions to recorded intangible asset balances. we have the option to first perform a qualitative assessment to determine if the fair value of its reporting unit is more likely than not (i.e., a likelihood of more than 50%) less than its carrying value before performing the two-step impairment test. if the two-step impairment test for goodwill is utilized, step one compares the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds the fair value, there is a potential impairment and step two must be performed. step two compares the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill to its implied fair value (i.e., fair value of reporting unit less the fair value of the unit's assets and liabilities, including identifiable intangible assets). if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount of goodwill, an impairment is recognized. based on our annual impairment assessment process for goodwill, no impairments were recorded during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 or 2016.
long-lived assets.  we review long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. determining whether impairment has occurred typically requires various estimates and assumptions, including determining which cash flows are directly related to the potentially impaired asset, the useful life over which cash flows will occur, their amount and the asset's residual value, if any. in turn, measurement of an impairment loss requires a determination of fair value, which is based on the best information available. we use internal discounted cash flow estimates, quoted market prices when available and independent appraisals, as appropriate, to determine fair value. we derive the required cash flow estimates from our historical experience and our internal business plans and apply an appropriate discount rate. recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset with future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset.
inventory obsolescence.  we regularly review inventory quantities on-hand and in the retail channels and record an inventory provision for excess or obsolete inventory based on the future expected demand for our products. significant changes in demand for our products would affect management's estimates in establishing our inventory provision. we write down inventory based on excess or obsolete inventories determined primarily by future anticipated demand for our products. inventory write-downs are measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and net realizable value, based upon assumptions about future demand that are inherently difficult to assess.
stock-based compensation we account for stock-based awards under the fair value method of accounting. the fair value of all stock-based compensation is either capitalized and amortized in accordance with our software development cost accounting policy or recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the full vesting period of the awards.
we estimate the fair value of time-based awards to employees using our closing stock price on the date of grant. we estimate the fair value of market-based awards using a monte carlo simulation method which takes into account assumptions such as the expected volatility of our common stock, the risk-free interest rate based on the contractual term of the award, expected dividend yield, vesting schedule and the probability that the market conditions of the awards will be achieved.
we apply variable accounting to our non-employee stock-based awards, whereby we remeasure the value of such awards at each balance sheet date and adjust the value of the awards based on its fair value at the end of the reporting period. for non-employee time-based awards fair value is determined by the closing price of our common stock at the end of the reporting period. for non-employee market-based awards fair value is determined using a monte carlo simulation method which takes into account assumptions such as the expected volatility of our common stock, the risk-free interest rate based on the contractual term of the award, expected dividend yield, vesting schedule and the probability that the market conditions of the awards will be achieved. for non-employee performance-based awards we do not record an expense until a performance target(s) have been achieved and once achieved fair value is determined by the closing price of our common stock at the end of the reporting period.
we issue time and performance based restricted stock units to certain employees, which currently can only be settled in cash. these awards are accounted for as liability awards. changes in the value of the awards from period to period are recorded as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period.
see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for a full discussion of our stock-based compensation arrangements.
income taxes we record a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations. the provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred income taxes are recognized for differences between
30
the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at currently enacted statutory tax rates for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. our history of pre-tax losses represents sufficient evidence for us to determine that the establishment of a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset is appropriate. this valuation allowance offsets deferred tax assets associated with future tax deductions as well as carryforward items.
our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates, changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets or liabilities, or changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof. in addition, our filed tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
recently issued accounting pronouncements accounting for acquisitions or disposals in january 2017, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2017-01, clarifying the definition of a business, with the objective of providing additional guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. the amendments in this update provide new guidance to determine when an integrated set of assets and activities (collectively referred to as a "set") is not a business. the new guidance requires that when substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired (or disposed of) is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets, the set is not a business. the new guidance is expected to reduce the number of transactions that need to be further evaluated. the new standard, as amended, will be effective for the company prospectively for interim and annual reporting periods beginning on january 1, 2018 (april 1, 2018 for the company), with early adoption permitted. we intend to early adopt this asu for the quarterly period ending june 30, 2017 and believe that the evaluation of whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or dispositions) of assets or businesses will be simplified under the new standard.
accounting for goodwill in january 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-04, intangibles - goodwill and other (topic 350). this asu eliminates step 2 from the goodwill impairment test. under the new guidance, an entity should perform its annual or interim goodwill impairment test by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount and recognize an impairment charge for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit's fair value. additionally, this asu eliminates the requirements for any reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform a qualitative assessment and, if it fails that qualitative test, to perform step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. the amendments in this asu are effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019 (april 1, 2020 for the company), including interim periods within those fiscal years, and is applied on a prospective basis. early adoption is permitted for interim or annual goodwill impairment tests performed on testing dates after january 1, 2017. while we are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this asu, we do not believe that the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
accounting for restricted cash in november 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-18, statement of cash flows (topic 230): restricted cash. this asu amends the presentation of restricted cash within the statement of cash flows. the new guidance requires that changes in restricted cash and cash equivalents be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts on the statement of cash flows. this standard will be effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2017 (april 1, 2018 for the company), including interim periods within those fiscal years. early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of this asu.
accounting for stock compensation in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, compensation-stock compensation. this new guidance identifies areas for simplification involving several aspects of accounting for share-based payment transactions, including the income tax consequences, classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, an option to recognize gross stock compensation expense with actual forfeitures recognized as they occur, as well as certain classifications on the statement of cash flows. this update is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2016 (april 1, 2017 for the company) and interim periods within those annual periods. in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, the company will apply a modified retrospective transition method to account for the changes under the standard related to income taxes and the policy election for recording forfeitures as they occur.
31
accounting for leases in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases. this new guidance requires lessees to recognize a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for virtually all leases (other than leases that meet the definition of a short-term lease). the liability will be equal to the present value of lease payments. the asset will be based on the liability, subject to adjustment, such as for initial direct costs. for income statement purposes, the fasb retained a dual model, requiring leases to be classified as either operating or finance. operating leases will result in straight-line expense (similar to current operating leases) while finance leases will result in a front-loaded expense pattern (similar to current capital leases). classification will be based on criteria that are largely similar to those applied in current lease accounting. this update is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2018 (april 1, 2019 for the company). this new guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach whereby, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this update on our consolidated financial statements, which will consist primarily of a balance sheet gross up of our operating leases, mostly for office space.
revenue from contracts with customers in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606). under the new standard, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains control of promised goods or services and is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. in addition, the standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. the fasb recently issued several amendments to the standard, including clarifications on disclosure of prior-period performance obligations and remaining performance obligations.
the guidance permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method), or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).
the new standard is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after december 15, 2017 (april 1, 2018 for the company), with early adoption permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016 (april 1, 2017 for the company). we will adopt the new standard effective april 1, 2018 using the cumulative catch-up method.
we anticipate this standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. while we are continuing to assess all potential impacts of the standard, we currently believe the most significant impact relates to our accounting for on-line enabled games that benefit from meaningful game related services such as unspecified content updates and online support services for which we do not have vendor specific objective evidence of fair value ("vsoe").
under the current accounting standards, for titles that do not have vsoe we recognize the entire sales price ratably over the titles estimated service period. the vsoe requirement will be eliminated under the new standard. accordingly, we may be required to recognize as revenue a portion of the sales price upon delivery of the software, as compared to the current requirement of recognizing the entire sales price ratably over an estimated offering period.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, our statements of operations, net revenue by geographic region, net revenue by platform and net revenue by distribution channel:
32
fiscal year ended march 31,
2017                                    2016                                      2015
net revenue                                       $1,779,748           100.0    %          $1,413,698            100.0   %           $1,082,938            100.0   %
cost of goods sold                                 1,022,959            57.5    %             813,873             57.6   %              794,867             73.4   %
gross profit                                         756,789            42.5    %             599,825             42.4   %              288,071             26.6   %
selling and marketing                                285,453            16.0    %             198,309             14.0   %              235,341             21.7   %
general and administrative                           211,409            11.9    %             192,452             13.6   %              175,093             16.2   %
research and development                             137,915             7.8    %             119,807              8.5   %              115,043             10.6   %
business reorganization                                    -               -    %              71,285              5.1   %                    -                -
depreciation and amortization                         30,707             1.7    %              28,800              2.0   %               21,057              2.0   %
total operating expenses                             665,484            37.4    %             610,653             43.2   %              546,534             50.5   %
income (loss) from operations                         91,305             5.1    %             (10,828   )         (0.8   )%            (258,463   )        (23.9   )%
interest and other, net                              (15,690   )        (0.9   )%             (30,205   )         (2.1   )%             (31,893   )         (2.9   )%
gain on long-term investments, net                     1,350             0.1    %               2,683              0.2   %               17,476              1.6   %
income (loss) before income taxes                     76,965             4.3    %             (38,350   )         (2.7   )%            (272,880   )        (25.2   )%
provision for (benefit from) income taxes              9,662             0.5    %             (30,048   )         (2.1   )%               6,590              0.6   %
net income (loss)                                    $67,303             3.8    %             $(8,302   )        (0.59   )%           $(279,470   )        (25.8   )%
fiscal year ended march 31,
2017                               2016                                2015
net revenue by geographic region:
united states                                $999,128          56.1   %          $742,963          52.6   %          $623,080          57.5   %
international                                 780,620          43.9   %           670,735          47.4   %           459,858          42.5   %
net revenue by platform:
console                                     1,440,724          81.0   %         1,167,623          82.6   %           881,516          81.4   %
pc and other                                  339,024          19.0   %           246,075          17.4   %           201,422          18.6   %
net revenue by distribution channel:
digital online                                921,734          51.8   %           697,658          49.3   %           455,299          42.0   %
physical retail and other                     858,014          48.2   %           716,040          50.7   %           627,639          58.0   %
fiscal years ended march 31, 2017 and 2016
(thousands of dollars)                        2017                            % of net revenue   2016                            % of net revenue        increase/(decrease)          % increase/(decrease)
net revenue                                          $1,779,748               100.0          %          $1,413,698               100.0          %          $366,050                       25.9            %
software development costs and royalties(1)             335,675                18.9          %             223,512                15.8          %           112,163                       50.2            %
internal royalties                                      330,782                18.6          %             328,610                23.2          %             2,172                        0.7            %
product costs                                           255,914                14.4          %             200,206                14.2          %            55,708                       27.8            %
licenses                                                100,588                 5.6          %              61,545                 4.4          %            39,043                       63.4            %
cost of goods sold                                    1,022,959                57.5          %             813,873                57.6          %           209,086                       25.7            %
gross profit                                           $756,789                42.5          %            $599,825                42.4          %          $156,964                       26.2            %
(1)   includes $21,056 and $15,323 of stock-based compensation expense in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, net revenue increased by $366.1 million, as compared to the prior year. this increase was due primarily to (1) an increase of $265.8 million in revenues from our nba 2k franchise; (2) an increase of $161.2 million in net revenues from mafia iii, which released in october 2016; and (3) an increase of $63.8 million in net revenues from civilization vi, which released in october 2016. the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $91.2 million in net revenue from our grand theft auto franchise, due primarily to lower net revenues from grand theft auto v, and a decrease of $80.3 million in net revenues from evolve, which released in fiscal 2016.
net revenue from console games increased by $273.1 million, and accounted for 81.0% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to 82.6% in the prior year. the increase in net revenues from console games was due primarily to higher net revenue from our nba 2k franchise and mafia iii. net revenue from pc and other increased by $92.9 million, as
33
compared to the prior year, and increased as a percentage of revenue to 19.0% compared to 17.4% in the prior year. the increase in net revenue from pc and other was due primarily to higher net revenues from civilization vi, which released on the pc in the current year and higher net revenues from grand theft auto v and grand theft auto online.
net revenue from digital online channels increased by $224.1 million and accounted for 51.8% of our total net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to 49.3% in the prior year. the increase in net revenue from digital online channels was due primarily to higher revenues related to our nba 2k franchise, civilization vi, mafia iii, and grand theft auto online, partially offset by lower revenues from evolve. recurrent consumer spending (including virtual currency, add-on content, and microtransactions) increased by $97.2 million and accounted for 49.8% of net revenue from digital online channels for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to 51.8% for the prior year. the increase in recurrent consumer spending was due primarily to higher virtual currency net revenues from our nba 2k franchise. net revenue from physical retail and other channels increased by $142.0 million and accounted for 48.2% of our total net revenues for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to 50.7% for the prior year. the increase in net revenue from physical retail and other channels was due primarily to higher net revenues from the current year release of mafia iii and the performance of our nba 2k franchise, which was partially offset by lower net revenues from our grand theft auto franchise.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 was 42.5%, as compared to 42.4% in the prior year.
net revenue earned outside of the united states increased by $109.9 million and accounted for 43.9% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to 47.4%. the increase in net revenue was due primarily to an increase in net revenues from the current year release of mafia iii and our nba 2k franchise outside of the united states, which was partially offset by lower net revenues from our grand theft auto franchise. changes in foreign currency exchange rates decreased net revenue and gross profit by $18.7 million and $8.1 million, respectively, in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 as compared to the prior year.
operating expenses
(thousands of dollars)          2017                          % of net revenue   2016                          % of net revenue        increase/(decrease)          % increase/(decrease)
selling and marketing                  $285,453                16.0          %          $198,309                14.0          %           $87,144                       43.9            %
general and administrative              211,409                11.9          %           192,452                13.6          %            18,957                        9.9            %
research and development                137,915                 7.8          %           119,807                 8.5          %            18,108                       15.1            %
business reorganization                       -                   -          %            71,285                 5.1          %           (71,285        )            (100.0           )%
depreciation and amortization            30,707                 1.7          %            28,800                 2.0          %             1,907                        6.6            %
total operating expenses(1)            $665,484                37.4          %          $610,653                43.2          %           $54,831                        9.0            %
(1)   includes stock-based compensation expense, which was allocated as follows (in thousands):
2017                2016
selling and marketing               $9,963              $9,425
general and administrative         $42,908             $40,322
research and development            $7,952              $4,926
foreign currency exchange rates decreased total operating expenses by $11.4 million in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 as compared to the prior year.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses increased by $87.1 million in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 as compared to the prior year, due primarily to $81.4 million in higher advertising expenses. advertising expenses were higher in the current year due primarily to the fiscal 2017 releases of mafia iii, battleborn, and civilization vi, and bioshock: the collection. these were slightly offset by lower advertising expense for grand theft auto v and grand theft auto online.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses increased by $19.0 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to the prior year, due to increases in professional fees for our acquisition of social point and litigation related charges, stock compensation associated with our management agreement, expenses associated with unclaimed property, personnel expenses due to an increase in headcount, and external software costs.
34
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2017 and 2016 include occupancy expense (primarily rent, utilities and office expenses) of $15.8 million and $17.2 million, respectively, related to our development studios.
research and development research and development expenses increased by $18.1 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to the prior year, due primarily to higher production expenses for new titles in development that have not reached technological feasibility as well as higher personnel expenses related to employees in our development studios.
business reorganization business reorganization expense decreased by $71.3 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to the prior year. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, we incurred business reorganization expenses of $71.3 million due primarily to employee separation costs in connection with reorganizing one development studio and closing two development studios. through march 31, 2017, we have paid $5.4 million related to these reorganization activities and $65.9 million remains accrued for in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $1.9 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to the prior year, due primarily to higher purchases of fixed assets for information technology infrastructure and studio build-outs as well as the amortization of intangible assets related to our acquisition of social point.
interest and other, net
(thousands of dollars)           2017                         % of net revenue                  2016      % of net revenue            increase/(decrease)          % increase/(decrease)
interest income (expense), net          $(21,700   )           (1.2   )%                $(29,239   )       (2.0   )%                      $7,539                      (25.8   )%
foreign exchange gain (loss)               4,990                0.3   %                   (1,407   )       (0.1   )%                       6,397                     (454.7   )%
other                                      1,019                0.1   %                      441              -   %          579                            131.3             %
interest and other, net                 $(15,690   )           (0.9   )%                $(30,205   )       (2.1   )%                     $14,515                      (48.1   )%
interest and other, net was an expense of $15.7 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, as compared to an expense of $30.2 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. the decrease was due primarily to a $7.5 million decrease in interest expense, as our 1.75% convertible note due 2016 (the "1.75% convertible notes") settled in december 2016 and to foreign exchange gains.
provision for (benefit from) income taxes income tax expense was $9.7 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 as compared to income tax benefit of $30.0 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. the increase in income tax expense was primarily attributable to a discrete tax benefit of approximately $26.4 million recognized in the previous year relating to a tax deduction and due to an increase in net income in the current year. our effective rate differed from the federal statutory rate due primarily to changes in valuation allowances related to tax loss and tax credit carryforwards and mix of earnings. our valuation allowances increased by $13.5 million during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 and increased by $37.1 million during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 due to changes in net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, we recognized an income tax benefit based on becoming eligible to claim certain tax deductions in the uk on applicable video games. it is possible that we may become eligible to claim certain tax deductions on additional video games in the future periods, which could result in tax benefits that could have a material impact on our effective tax rate.
as of march 31, 2017, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $120.2 million, of which $36.9 million would affect our effective tax rate if realized. for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by $64.2 million.
we are no longer subject to audit for u.s. federal income tax returns for periods prior to our fiscal year ended march 31, 2013 and state income tax returns for periods prior to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2012. with few exceptions, we are no longer subject to income tax examinations in non-u.s. jurisdictions for years prior to fiscal year ended march 31, 2012. the irs is currently examining our income tax return for fiscal years ended march 31, 2015. certain u.s. state taxing authorities are currently examining our income tax returns for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2013 through march 31, 2015.
35
we are regularly audited by domestic and foreign taxing authorities. we believe that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, and that we have adequately provided for reasonably foreseeable tax assessments.
net income (loss) and earnings (loss) per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017, our net income was $67.3 million, as compared to a net loss of $8.3 million in the prior year. diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2017 was $0.72, as compared basic and diluted loss per share of $0.10 for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. basic weighted average shares outstanding were higher compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to the issuance of 4.6 million shares for settlements of conversions our 1.00% convertible notes and our 1.75% convertible notes (together, the "convertible notes" and net stock-based compensation activity of 1.5 million shares. see notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding earnings (loss) earnings per share.
fiscal years ended march 31, 2016 and 2015
(thousands of dollars)                        2016                            % of net revenue   2015                            % of net revenue        increase/(decrease)          % increase/(decrease)
net revenue                                          $1,413,698               100.0          %          $1,082,938               100.0          %          $330,760                       30.5            %
internal royalties                                      328,610                23.2          %             306,717                28.3          %            21,893                        7.1            %
software development costs and royalties(1)             223,512                15.8          %             231,615                21.4          %            (8,103        )              (3.5           )%
product costs                                           200,206                14.2          %             178,810                16.5          %            21,396                       12.0            %
licenses                                                 61,545                 4.4          %              77,725                 7.2          %           (16,180        )             (20.8           )%
cost of goods sold                                      813,873                57.6          %             794,867                73.4          %            19,006                        2.4            %
gross profit                                           $599,825                42.4          %            $288,071                26.6          %          $311,754                      108.2            %
(1)   includes $15,323 and $17,121 of stock-based compensation expense in 2016 and 2015, respectively.
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, net revenue increased by $330.8 million, as compared to the prior year. this increase was due primarily to an increase of $467.7 million in revenue from our grand theft auto franchise, due principally to higher revenue from the console versions of grand theft auto v and grand theft auto online, and the release of grand theft auto v and grand theft auto online for pc in april 2015. also contributing to the increase was higher revenue from evolve. these increases were partially offset by lower revenues from the borderlands franchise, as the prior fiscal year benefited from the release of borderlands: the pre-sequel and lower revenues from our nba 2k franchise, due to the deferral of revenues from nba 2k16.
net revenue from console games increased by $286.1 million, and accounted for 82.6% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to 81.4% in the prior year, due primarily to higher revenue from the console versions of grand theft auto v and grand theft auto online. net revenue from pc and other increased by $44.7 million, as compared to the prior year, and decreased as a percentage of revenue to 17.4% compared to 18.6% in the prior year. the increase in net revenue from pc was due primarily to higher revenue from the pc versions of grand theft auto v and grand theft auto online, partially offset by lower revenue from sid meier's civilization: beyond earth, which was released for pc in the prior year.
for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, net revenue from physical retail and other channels increased by $88.4 million, as compared to the prior year, and decreased as a percentage of total net revenue to 50.7%, compared to 58.0% in the prior year. the increase in net revenue from physical retail and other channels was due primarily to higher revenues from grand theft auto v. net revenue from digital online channels increased by $242.4 million and accounted for 49.3% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to 42.0% in the prior year, driven by increased recurrent consumer spending and full game digital downloads of grand theft auto v. recurrent consumer spending (including add-on content, microtransactions and online play) increased to 51.8% of net revenue from digital online channels in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to 49.4% of net revenue from digital online channels in the prior year, due primarily to revenue related to virtual currency for grand theft auto online and our nba 2k franchise.
gross profit as a percentage of net revenue for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 was 42.4%, as compared to 26.6% in the prior year. the increase was due primarily to (1) lower internal royalties as a percentage of revenue due to the timing of when internal royalties are earned, (2) lower software development costs and royalties as a percentage of net revenues due primarily to the sales mix and a higher percentage of revenues from catalog titles, which typically have lower capitalized software costs, and (3) lower product costs as a percentage of net revenues due primarily to an increase in the proportion of net revenues from digital online channels.
net revenue earned outside of the united states accounted for 47.4% of our total net revenue in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to 42.5% in the prior year, due to an increase in grand theft auto v sales outside of the united states. changes
36
in foreign currency exchange rates decreased net revenue and gross profit by $29.5 million and $18.6 million, respectively, in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year.
operating expenses
(thousands of dollars)          2016                          % of net revenue   2015                          % of net revenue        increase/(decrease)          % increase/(decrease)
selling and marketing                  $198,309                14.0          %          $235,341                21.7          %          $(37,032        )             (15.7           )%
general and administrative              192,452                13.6          %           175,093                16.2          %            17,359                        9.9            %
research and development                119,807                 8.5          %           115,043                10.6          %             4,764                        4.1            %
business reorganization                  71,285                 5.1          %                 -                   -          %            71,285                      100.0            %
depreciation and amortization            28,800                 2.0          %            21,057                 2.0          %             7,743                       36.8            %
total operating expenses(1)            $610,653                43.2          %          $546,534                50.5          %           $64,119                       11.7            %
(1)   includes stock-based compensation expense, which was allocated as follows (in thousands):
2016                                         2015
selling and marketing           $9,425              $8,798
general and administrative     $40,322             $33,636
research and development        $4,926              $5,691
foreign currency exchange rates decreased total operating expenses by $13.0 million in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year.
selling and marketing selling and marketing expenses decreased by $37.0 million in the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 as compared to the prior year, due primarily to $38.6 million in lower advertising expenses. advertising expenses were higher in the prior year due primarily to the releases of evolve, grand theft auto v for ps4 and xbox one, and borderlands: the pre-sequel, offset in part by expenses for the releases of battleborn and xcom 2, and higher expenses for the nba 2k series. also contributing to the decrease was $5.3 million in lower performance based compensation at our labels. partially offsetting the decrease to selling and marketing expenses was $8.3 million in higher third party customer service costs to support our growing online titles.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses increased by $17.4 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to the prior year, due to (1) a $6.7 million increase in stock-based compensation expense, which was due primarily to this year's grants of employee restricted stock units having a higher fair value on the grant date, (2) a $4.9 million increase in personnel costs, due primarily to higher headcount, and (3) a $3.1 million increase in third party legal and tax consulting fees.
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2016 and 2015 include occupancy expense (primarily rent, utilities and office expenses) of $17.2 million and $17.9 million, respectively, related to our development studios.
research and development research and development expenses increased by $4.8 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to the prior year, due primarily to $8.7 million in higher production expenses for new titles in development that have not reached technological feasibility, and $3.1 million in lower government grants recognized at certain of our development studios. this increase was partially offset by higher payroll capitalization at our development studios due to upcoming product releases.
business reorganization during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, we incurred business reorganization expenses of $71.3 million due primarily to employee separation costs in connection with reorganizing one development studio and closing two development studios.
through march 31, 2016, we have paid $5.0 million related to these reorganization activities and $66.3 million remains accrued for in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expenses increased by $7.7 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to the prior year, due primarily to higher purchases of fixed assets for information technology infrastructure and studio build-outs.
37
interest and other, net
(thousands of dollars)                          2016      % of net                  2015      % of net           (increase)/          % increase/
revenue                             revenue              decrease           (decrease)
interest income (expense), net          $(29,239   )   (2.0   )%            $(29,901   )   (2.7   )%              $662               (2.2   )%
foreign exchange loss                     (1,407   )   (0.1   )%              (2,068   )   (0.2   )%               661              (32.0   )%
other                                        441          -   %                   76          -   %                365         480.3        %
interest and other, net                 $(30,205   )   (2.1   )%            $(31,893   )   (2.9   )%            $1,688               (5.3   )%
interest and other, net was an expense of $30.2 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as compared to an expense of $31.9 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015. the change of $1.7 million in interest and other, net was due primarily to $2.0 million in increased interest income, due primarily to higher short-term investment balances and lower foreign currency exchange losses of $0.7 million, which was partially offset by $1.4 million in higher interest expense related to the amortization of the discount related to our convertible notes.
gain on long-term investments, net we recognized a $2.7 million and a $17.5 million net gain on long-term investments for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the net gain in both years was primarily comprised of the sale of our investment in twitch interactive, inc.'s ("twitch") class c preferred stock, which was accounted for under the cost method of accounting.
(benefit from) provision for income taxes income tax benefit was $30.0 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 as compared to income tax expense of $6.6 million for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015. the increase in income tax benefit was primarily attributable to the company becoming eligible to claim certain tax deductions on applicable video games in the united kingdom, which was recognized during fiscal 2016. our effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate due primarily to the benefit recognized from the tax incentive relating to a prior period and the current period, changes in valuation allowances related to tax loss and tax credit carryforwards anticipated to be utilized and the mix of earnings. our valuation allowances increased by $37.1 million during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 and increased by $92.7 million during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015 due to changes in net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
as of march 31, 2016, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $56.0 million, of which $41.3 million would affect our effective tax rate if recognized. for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, gross unrecognized tax benefits increased by $13.3 million.
we generally are no longer subject to audit for u.s. federal income tax returns for periods prior to our fiscal year ended march 31, 2012 and state income tax returns for periods prior to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2011. with few exceptions, we are no longer subject to income tax examinations in non-u.s. jurisdictions for years prior to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2011. certain u.s. state taxing authorities are currently examining our income tax returns from the fiscal years ended march 31, 2011 through march 31, 2013. the determination as to further adjustments to our gross unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months is not practicable.
we are regularly audited by domestic and foreign taxing authorities. audits may result in tax assessments in excess of amounts claimed and the payment of additional taxes. we believe that our tax positions comply with applicable tax law, and that we have adequately provided for reasonably foreseeable tax assessments.
net loss and loss per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, our net loss was $8.3 million, as compared to $279.5 million in the prior year. basic and diluted loss per share for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 was $0.10, as compared to $3.48 for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015. basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding were higher compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to the vesting of 4.2 million shares for stock-based awards, which was partially offset by the repurchase of 1.0 million shares during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. see notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding (loss) earnings per share
38
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash requirements have been to fund (i) the development, manufacturing and marketing of our published products, (ii) working capital, (iii) acquisitions and (iv) capital expenditures. we expect to rely on cash and cash equivalents as well as on short-term investments, funds provided by our operating activities, and our credit agreement to satisfy our working capital needs.
short-term investments as of march 31, 2017, we had $448.9 million of short-term investments, which are highly-liquid in nature and represent an investment of cash that is available for current operations. from time to time, we may purchase additional short-term investments depending on future market conditions and liquidity needs.
credit agreement in april 2016, we entered into a sixth amendment to our second amended and restated credit agreement (as amended, the "credit agreement"). the credit agreement provides for borrowings of up to $100.0 million which may be increased by up to $100.0 million pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement and which is secured by substantially all of our assets and the equity of our subsidiaries. the credit agreement expires on august 18, 2019. revolving loans under the credit agreement bear interest at our election of (a) 0.25% to 0.75% above a certain base rate (4.25%at march 31, 2017), or (b) 1.25% to 1.75% above the libor rate (approximately 2.23% at march 31, 2017), with the margin rate subject to the achievement of certain average liquidity levels. we are also required to pay a monthly fee on the unused available balance, ranging from 0.25% to 0.375% based on availability. we had no outstanding borrowings at march 31, 2017 and 2016.
availability under the credit agreement is unrestricted when liquidity, as defined in the credit agreement, is at least $300.0 million. when liquidity is below $300.0 million availability under the credit agreement is restricted by our united states and united kingdom based accounts receivable and inventory balances. the credit agreement also allows for the issuance of letters of credit in an aggregate amount of up to $5.0 million.
as of march 31, 2017, there was $98.3 million available to borrow under the credit agreement and we had $1.7 million of letters of credit outstanding. at march 31, 2017 and 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement.
the credit agreement contains covenants that substantially limit our and our subsidiaries' ability to: create, incur, assume or be liable for indebtedness; dispose of assets outside the ordinary course of business; acquire, merge or consolidate with or into another person or entity; create, incur or allow any lien on any of their respective properties; make investments; or pay dividends or make distributions (each subject to certain limitations); or optionally prepay any indebtedness (subject to certain exceptions, including an exception permitting the redemption of the company's unsecured convertible senior notes upon the meeting of certain minimum liquidity requirements). in addition, the credit agreement provides for certain events of default such as nonpayment of principal and interest, breaches of representations and warranties, noncompliance with covenants, acts of insolvency, default on indebtedness held by third parties and default on certain material contracts (subject to certain limitations and cure periods). the credit agreement also contains a requirement that we maintain an interest coverage ratio of more than one to one for the trailing twelve month period, if certain average liquidity levels fall below $30,000.
1.75% convertible notes due 2016
on november 16, 2011, we issued $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.75% convertible notes due 2016. the issuance of the 1.75% convertible notes included $30.0 million related to the exercise of an over-allotment option by the underwriters. interest on the 1.75% convertible notes was payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1st and december 1st of each year, commencing on june 1, 2012. the 1.75% convertible notes matured on december 1, 2016, unless earlier repurchased by the company or converted. we did not have the right to redeem the 1.75% convertible notes prior to maturity.
the 1.75% convertible notes were convertible at an initial conversion rate of 52.3745 shares of our common stock per $1 principal amount of 1.75% convertible notes (representing an initial conversion price of approximately $19.093 per share of common stock for a total of approximately 13,094,000 underlying conversion shares) subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. as of june 1, 2016 until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders were eligible to convert their 1.75% convertible notes at any time. prior to september 27, 2016, upon conversion, the 1.75% convertible notes were eligible to be settled, at our election, in cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the company's common stock. on september 27, 2016, we elected to settle our conversion obligations in connection with the 1.75% convertible notes solely in shares of our common stock and accordingly notified the trustee. as such, we continued to classify these 1.75% convertible notes as long-term debt until their maturity.
prior to december 1, 2016, holders of the 1.75% convertible notes elected to convert such notes, and we settled all such notes during the period by converting them to shares of our common stock using the initial conversion rate.
39
1.00% convertible notes due 2018
on june 18, 2013, we issued $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.00% convertible notes due 2018. the 1.00% convertible notes were issued at 98.5% of par value for proceeds of $246.3 million. interest on the 1.00% convertible notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on july 1st and january 1st of each year, commencing on january 1, 2014. the 1.00% convertible notes mature on july 1, 2018, unless earlier repurchased by the company or converted. we do not have the right to redeem the 1.00% convertible notes prior to maturity. we also granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional $37.5 million principal amount of 1.00% convertible notes to cover overallotments, if any. on july 17, 2013, we closed its public offering of $37.5 million principal amount of our 1.00% convertible notes as a result of the underwriters exercising their overallotment option in full on july 12, 2013, bringing the total proceeds to $283.2 million.
the 1.00% convertible notes are convertible at an initial conversion rate of 46.4727 shares of our common stock per $1 principal amount of 1.00% convertible notes (representing an initial conversion price of approximately $21.52 per share of common stock for a total of approximately 13,361,000 underlying conversion shares) subject to adjustment in certain circumstances. holders may convert the 1.00% convertible notes at their option prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding january 1, 2018 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after september 30, 2013, if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the applicable conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any 10 consecutive trading day period (the "measurement period") in which the trading price per $1,000 principal amount of 1.00% convertible notes for each day of that measurement period was less than 98% of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the applicable conversion rate on each such day; or (3) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. on and after january 1, 2018 until the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their 1.00% convertible notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. upon conversion, the 1.00% convertible notes may be settled, at our election, in cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. our common stock price exceeded 130% of the applicable conversion price per share for at least 20 trading days during the 30 consecutive trading days ended march 31, 2017. accordingly, as of april 1, 2017, the 1.00% convertible notes may be converted at the holder's option through june 30, 2017. during the year ended march 31, 2017, 1.00% convertible notes with an aggregate principal value of $19.4 million were settled and additional 1.00% convertible notes with aggregate principal value of $0.1 million were tendered for conversion with april 2017 settlement dates. we elected to settle in shares of our common stock, and our current intent and ability, given our option, would be to settle future conversions in shares of our common stock. as such, we have continued to classify these 1.00% convertible notes as long-term debt.
upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving the company, holders of the 1.00% convertible notes may require us to purchase all or a portion of their 1.00% convertible notes for cash at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes to be purchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any) to, but excluding, the fundamental change purchase date.
the indenture governing the 1.00% convertible notes contains customary terms and covenants and events of default. if an event of default (as defined therein) occurs and is continuing, the trustee by notice to the company, or the holders of at least 25% in aggregate principal amount of the 1.00% convertible notes then outstanding by notice to the company and the trustee, may, and the trustee at the request of such holders shall, declare 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any) on all the 1.00% convertible notes to be due and payable. in the case of an event of default arising out of certain bankruptcy events, 100% of the principal of and accrued and unpaid interest (including additional interest, if any), on the 1.00% convertible notes will automatically become due and payable immediately.
the 1.00% convertible notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank senior in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the 1.00% convertible notes; equal in right of payment to our existing and future indebtedness that is not so subordinated; effectively junior in right of payment to any of our secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all existing and future indebtedness incurred by our subsidiaries.
financial condition we are subject to credit risks, particularly if any of our receivables represent a limited number of customers or are concentrated in foreign markets. if we are unable to collect our accounts receivable as they become due, it could adversely affect our liquidity and working capital position.
generally, we have been able to collect our accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business. we do not hold any collateral to secure payment from customers. we have trade credit insurance on the majority of our customers to mitigate accounts receivable risk.
40
a majority of our trade receivables are derived from sales to major retailers and distributors. our five largest customers accounted for 65.5%, 58.9%, and 64.6% of net revenue during the fiscal years ended march 31, 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. as of march 31, 2017 and 2016, five customers accounted for 69.9% and 73.9% of our gross accounts receivable, respectively. customers that individually accounted for more than 10% of our gross accounts receivable balance comprised 57.6% and 64.1% of such balances at march 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. we had two customers who accounted for 40.2% and 17.4% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2017 and three customers who accounted for 35.2%, and 16.8% and 12.1% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2016. we did not have any additional customers that exceeded 10% of our gross accounts receivable as of march 31, 2017 and 2016. based upon performing ongoing credit evaluations, maintaining trade credit insurance on a majority of our customers and our past collection experience, we believe that the receivable balances from these largest customers do not represent a significant credit risk, although we actively monitor each customer's credit worthiness and economic conditions that may affect our customers' business and access to capital. we are monitoring the current global economic conditions, including credit markets and other factors as it relates to our customers in order to manage the risk of uncollectible accounts receivable.
we believe our current cash, short term investments and projected cash flow from operations, along with availability under our credit agreement will provide us with sufficient liquidity to satisfy our cash requirements for working capital, capital expenditures and commitments on both a short-term and long-term basis.
as of march 31, 2017, the amount of cash and cash equivalents held outside of the u.s. by our foreign subsidiaries was $239.2 million. these balances are dispersed across various locations around the world. we believe that such dispersion meets the business and liquidity needs of our foreign affiliates. in addition, we expect to have the ability to generate sufficient cash domestically to support ongoing operations for the foreseeable future. consequently, it is the company's intention to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries. in the event we needed to repatriate funds outside of the u.s., such repatriation may be subject to local laws and tax consequences including foreign withholding taxes or u.s. income taxes. it is not practicable to estimate the tax liability and we would try to minimize the tax effect to the extent possible. however, any repatriation may not result in significant cash payments as the taxable event would likely be offset by the utilization of the then available tax credits.
in january 2013, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 7,500,000 shares of our common stock. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2014, we repurchased 4,217,683 shares of our common stock in the open market for $73.3 million as part of the program. in may 2015, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of an additional 6,717,683 shares of our common stock pursuant to the share repurchase program. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 we repurchased 953,647 shares of our common stock in the open market for $26.6 million as part of the program. as of march 31, 2017, we have repurchased a total of 5,171,330 shares of our common stock and have 9,046,353 shares of our common stock that remain available for repurchase under our share repurchase authorization. we are authorized to purchase shares from time to time through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. repurchases are subject to the availability of stock, prevailing market conditions, the trading price of the stock, our financial performance and other conditions. the program may be suspended or discontinued at any time for any reason.
our changes in cash flows were as follows:
fiscal year ended march 31,
(thousands of dollars)                                                    2017                   2016                                     2015
net cash provided by operating activities                                        $331,429                $261,305                $212,814
net cash used in investing activities                                            (129,030    )           (324,516    )           (220,141    )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                               (49,772    )            (48,047    )                928
effects of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents            (7,973    )             (1,120    )            (17,881    )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                             $144,654               $(112,378    )           $(24,280    )
at march 31, 2017 we had $943.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, compared to $798.7 million at march 31, 2016. the increase in cash and cash equivalents from march 31, 2016 was due primarily to cash provided by operating activities partially offset by cash used in investing and financing activities. net cash provided by operating activites was due primarily to cash generated from sales of grand theft auto v, nba 2k17, wwe 2k17, mafia iii, and virtual currency, partially offset by investments in software development and licenses and the funding of internal royalty payments. net cash used in investing and financing activities related primarily to our acquisition of social point and the repurchase of common stock and net share settlements of stock-based awards.
41
contractual obligations and commitments we have entered into various agreements in the ordinary course of business that require substantial cash commitments over the next several years. generally, these include:
software development and licensing:  we make payments to third-party software developers that include contractual payments to developers under several software development agreements that expire at various times through january 2022. our aggregate outstanding software development commitments assume satisfactory performance by third-party software developers. we also have licensing commitments that primarily consist of obligations to holders of intellectual property rights for use of their trademarks, copyrights, technology or other intellectual property rights in the development of our products.
marketing:  we have certain minimum marketing support commitments where we commit to spend specified amounts related to marketing our products. marketing commitments expire at various times through december 2022.
operating leases:  our offices are occupied under non-cancelable operating leases expiring at various times through december 2032. we also lease certain furniture, equipment and automobiles under non-cancelable leases expiring through march 2021. some of the leases have fixed rent increases and also include inducements to enter into the lease. the effect of such amounts are deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis over the related lease term.
purchase obligations primarily related to agreements to purchase services that are enforceable and legally binding on the company that specifies all significant terms, including fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions; and the approximate timing of the transactions, expiring at various times through september 2021.
a summary of annual minimum contractual obligations and commitments as of march 31, 2017 is as follows (in thousands of dollars):
fiscal year ending march 31,             software         marketing           operating              purchase   convertible          convertible                   total development                                leases           obligations   notes interest       notes and licensing
2018      $103,726            $12,547             $27,238               $38,243         $2,875               $-                     $184,629
2019        53,426             50,458              32,325                 9,842         1,438                268,149                 415,638
2020        34,450             12,750              23,386                 4,200         -                    -                        74,786
2021        15,032              3,250              20,117                   205         -                    -                        38,604
2022        15,000              3,250              18,269                    54         -                    -                        36,573
thereafter             -              3,250              77,987                     -         -                    -                        81,237
total      $221,634            $85,505            $199,322               $52,544         $4,313               $268,149               $831,467
income taxes: at march 31, 2017, we had recorded a liability for gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $36.9 million, for which we are unable to make a reasonable and reliable estimate of the period in which these liabilities will be settled with the respective tax authorities; therefore, these liabilities have not been included in the contractual obligations table.
legal and other proceedings: we are, or may become, subject to demands and claims (including intellectual property claims) and are involved in routine litigation in the ordinary course of business which we do not believe to be material to our business or financial statements. we have appropriately accrued amounts related to certain of these claims and legal and other proceedings. while it is reasonably possible that a loss may be incurred in excess of the amounts accrued in our financial statements, we believe that such losses, unless otherwise disclosed, would not be material.
on april 11, 2016, we filed a declaratory judgment action in the united states district court for the southern district of new york seeking, among other things, a judicial declaration that leslie benzies, the former president of one of our subsidiaries with whom we had been in ongoing discussions regarding his separation of employment, is not entitled to any minimum allocation or financial parity with any other person under the applicable royalty plan. we believe we will prevail in this matter, although there can be no assurance of the outcome. on april 12, 2016, mr. benzies filed a complaint in the supreme court of the state of new york, new york county against us, and certain of our subsidiaries and employees. we removed this case to the united states district court for the southern district of new york, but the case was subsequently remanded to state court. the complaint claims damages of at least $150 million and contains allegations of breach of fiduciary duty; fraudulent inducement and fraudulent concealment; aiding and abetting breach of fiduciary duty; breach of various contracts; breach of implied duty of good faith and fair dealing; tortious interference with contract; unjust enrichment; reformation; constructive trust; declaration of rights; constructive discharge; defamation and fraud. motion practice in both the federal and state actions is ongoing. we believe that we have meritorious defenses to these claims, and we intend to vigorously defend against them and to pursue any counterclaims.
42
off-balance sheet arrangements as of march 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not have any material relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial parties, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such, we are not exposed to any financing, liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.
international operations net revenue earned outside of the united states is principally generated by our operations in europe, asia, australia, canada and latin america. for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 43.9%, 47.4% and 42.5%, respectively, of our net revenue was earned outside the united states. we are subject to risks inherent in foreign trade, including increased credit risks, tariffs and duties, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, shipping delays and international political, regulatory and economic developments, all of which can have a significant effect on our operating results.
fluctuations in quarterly operating results and seasonality we have experienced fluctuations in quarterly and annual operating results as a result of the timing of the introduction of new titles; variations in sales of titles developed for particular platforms; market acceptance of our titles; development and promotional expenses relating to the introduction of new titles; sequels or enhancements of existing titles; projected and actual changes in platforms; the timing and success of title introductions by our competitors; product returns; changes in pricing policies by us and our competitors; the accuracy of retailers' forecasts of consumer demand; the size and timing of acquisitions; the timing of orders from major customers; and order cancellations and delays in product shipment. sales of our products are also seasonal, with peak shipments typically occurring in the fourth calendar quarter as a result of increased demand for products during the holiday season. for certain of our software products with multiple element revenue arrangements where we do not have vsoe for each element and the deliverables are deemed more-than-inconsequential, we defer the recognition of our net revenues over an estimated service period which generally ranges from 12 to 41 months. as a result, the quarter in which we generate the highest net sales volume may be different from the quarter in which we recognize the highest amount of net revenues. quarterly comparisons of operating results are not necessarily indicative of future operating results.
