item 1a. risk factors.
investing in our securities involves risk. in addition to the other information contained in this report, you should consider the following risk factors before investing in our securities.
there has been a shift in consumer behavior as a result of technological innovations and changes in the distribution of content, which may affect our viewership and the profitability of our business in unpredictable ways.
technology and business models in our industry continue to evolve rapidly. consumer behavior related to changes in content distribution and technological innovation affect our economic model and viewership in ways that are not entirely predictable.
consumers are increasingly viewing content on a time-delayed or on-demand basis from traditional distributors and from connected apps and websites and on a wide variety of screens, such as televisions, tablets, mobile phones and other devices. additionally, devices that allow users to view television programs on a time-shifted basis and technologies that enable users to fast-forward or skip programming, including commercials, such as dvrs and portable digital devices and systems that enable users to store or make portable copies of content may affect the attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. there is increased demand for short-form, user-generated and interactive content, which have different economic models than our traditional content offerings. digital downloads, rights lockers, rentals and subscription services are competing for consumer preferences with each other and with traditional physical distribution of dvds and blu-ray discs. each distribution model has different risks and economic consequences for us, so the rapid evolution of consumer preferences may have an economic impact that is not completely predictable. distribution windows are also evolving, potentially affecting revenues from other windows. if we cannot ensure that our distribution methods and content are responsive to our target audiences, our business could be adversely affected.
consolidation among cable and satellite providers, both domestically and internationally, could have an adverse effect on our revenue and profitability.
consolidation among cable and satellite operators has given the largest operators considerable leverage in their relationships with programmers, including us. in the u.s., approximately 90% of our distribution revenues come from the top 10 distributors. for the international networks segment, approximately 46% of distribution revenue comes from the 10 largest
17
distributors. we currently have agreements in place with the major cable and satellite operators in u.s. networks and international networks which expire at various times through 2021. some of our largest distributors have combined, and as a result, have gained, or may gain, market power, which could affect our ability to maximize the value of our content through those platforms. in addition, many of the countries and territories in which we distribute our networks also have a small number of dominant distributors. continued consolidation within the industry could reduce the number of distributors to carry our programming, subject our affiliate fee revenue to greater volume discounts, and further increase the negotiating leverage of the cable and satellite television system operators which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
the success of our business depends on the acceptance of our entertainment content by our u.s. and foreign viewers, which may be unpredictable and volatile.
the production and distribution of entertainment content are inherently risky businesses because the revenue we derive and our ability to distribute our content depend primarily on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. our success depends on our ability to consistently create and acquire content that meets the changing preferences of viewers in general, in special interest groups, in specific demographic categories and in various international marketplaces. the commercial success of our content also depends upon the quality and acceptance of competing content available in the applicable marketplace. other factors, including the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions, piracy, and growing competition for consumer discretionary spending may also affect the audience for our content. audience sizes for our media networks are critical factors affecting both the volume and pricing of advertising revenue that we receive, and the extent of distribution and the license fees we receive under agreements with our distributors. consequently, reduced public acceptance of our entertainment content may decrease our audience share and adversely affect our results of operations.
we face cybersecurity and similar risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information, disruption of our programming services, damage to our brands and reputation, legal exposure and financial losses.
our on-line, mobile and app offerings, as well as our internal systems, involve the storage and transmission of proprietary information, and we and our partners rely on various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming. our systems may be breached due to employee error, computer malware, viruses, hacking and phishing attacks, or otherwise. additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in a loss of our proprietary information, which may include user data, a disruption of our services or a reduction of the revenues we are able to generate from such services, damage to our brands and reputation, a loss of confidence in the security of our offerings and services, and significant legal and financial exposure, each of which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business.
our businesses operate in highly competitive industries.
the entertainment and media programming industries in which we operate are highly competitive. we compete with other programming networks for distribution, viewers and advertising. we also compete for viewers with other forms of media entertainment, such as home video, movies, periodicals, on-line and mobile activities. in particular, websites and search engines have seen significant advertising growth, a portion of which has moved from traditional cable network and satellite advertisers. businesses, including ours, that offer multiple services, or that may be vertically integrated and offer both video distribution and programming content, may face closer regulatory review from the competition authorities in the countries in which we currently have operations. if our distributors have to pay higher rates to holders of sports broadcasting rights, it might be difficult for us to negotiate higher rates for distribution of our networks. our on-line businesses compete for users and advertising in the broad and diverse market of free and subscription internet-delivered services. our commerce business competes against a wide range of competitive retailers selling similar products. our curriculum-based video business and digital textbook business compete with other providers of education products to schools. the ability of our businesses to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently supply high quality and popular content, access our niche viewership with appealing category-specific content, adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms and achieve widespread distribution. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that increasing competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
failure to renew, renewal with less favorable terms, or termination of our affiliation agreements may cause a decline in our revenue.
because our networks are licensed on a wholesale basis to distributors, such as cable and satellite operators, which in turn distribute them to consumers, we are dependent upon the maintenance of affiliation agreements with these operators. these
18
affiliation agreements generally provide for the level of carriage our networks will receive, such as channel placement and programming package inclusion (widely distributed, broader programming packages compared to lesser distributed, specialized programming packages) and for payment of a license fee to us based on the number of subscribers that receive our networks. while the number of subscribers associated with our networks impacts our ability to generate advertising revenue, these per subscriber payments also represent a significant portion of our revenue. our affiliation agreements generally have a limited term which varies by market and distributor, and there can be no assurance that these affiliation agreements will be renewed in the future, or renewed on terms that are favorable to us. a reduction in the license fees that we receive per subscriber or in the number of subscribers for which we are paid, including as a result of a loss or reduction in carriage for our networks, could adversely affect our distribution revenue. such a loss or reduction in carriage could also decrease the potential audience for our programs thereby adversely affecting our advertising revenue. in addition, our affiliation agreements are complex and individually negotiated. if we were to disagree with one of our counterparties on the interpretation of an affiliation agreement, our relationship with that counterparty could be damaged and our business could be negatively affected.
interpretation of some terms of our distribution agreements may have an adverse effect on the distribution payments we receive under those agreements.
some of our distribution agreements contain "most favored nation" clauses. these clauses typically provide that if we enter into an agreement with another distributor which contains certain more favorable terms, we must offer some of those terms to our existing distributors. we have entered into a number of distribution agreements with terms that differ in some respects from those contained in other agreements. while we believe that we have appropriately complied with the most favored nation clauses included in our distribution agreements, these agreements are complex and other parties could reach a different conclusion that, if correct, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we are subject to risks related to our international operations.
we have operations through which we distribute programming outside the united states. as a result, our business is subject to certain risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond our control. these risks include:
•   laws and policies affecting trade and taxes, including laws and policies relating to the repatriation of funds and withholding taxes, and changes in these laws;
•   changes in local regulatory requirements, including restrictions on content, imposition of local content quotas and restrictions on foreign ownership;
•   differing degrees of protection for intellectual property and varying attitudes towards the piracy of intellectual property;
•   significant fluctuations in foreign currency value;
•   currency exchange controls;
•   the instability of foreign economies and governments;
•   war and acts of terrorism;
•   anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations and changes in these laws and regulations;
•   foreign privacy and data protection laws and regulation and changes in these laws; and
•   shifting consumer preferences regarding the viewing of video programming.
events or developments related to these and other risks associated with international trade could adversely affect our revenues from non-u.s. sources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects.
furthermore, some foreign markets where we and our partners operate may be more adversely affected by current economic conditions than the u.s. we also may incur substantial expense as a result of changes, including the imposition of new restrictions, in the existing economic or political environment in the regions where we do business. acts of terrorism, hostilities, or financial, political, economic or other uncertainties could lead to a reduction in revenue or loss of investment, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
global economic conditions may have an adverse effect on our business.
our business is significantly affected by prevailing economic conditions and by disruptions to financial markets. we derive substantial revenues from advertisers, and these expenditures are sensitive to general economic conditions and consumer buying patterns. financial instability or a general decline in economic conditions in the u.s. and other countries where our networks are distributed could adversely affect advertising rates and volume, resulting in a decrease in our advertising revenues.
19
decreases in consumer discretionary spending in the u.s. and other countries where our networks are distributed may affect cable television and other video service subscriptions, in particular with respect to digital service tiers on which certain of our programming networks are carried. this could lead to a decrease in the number of subscribers receiving our programming from multi-channel video programming distributors, which could have a negative impact on our viewing subscribers and affiliation fee revenues. similarly, a decrease in viewing subscribers would also have a negative impact on the number of viewers actually watching the programs on our programming networks, which could also impact the rates we are able to charge advertisers.
economic conditions affect a number of aspects of our businesses worldwide and impact the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks and might reduce their spending on advertising. economic conditions can also negatively affect the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. the general worsening of current global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and the worsening of economic conditions in certain parts of the world, specifically, could impact the expansion and success of our businesses in such areas.
as a company that has operations in the united kingdom, the vote by the united kingdom to leave the e.u. could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial position.
on june 23, 2016, the u.k. held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the e.u., commonly referred to as "brexit." as a result of the referendum, it is expected that the british government will begin negotiating the terms of the u.k.'s future relationship with the e.u. the effects of brexit will depend on any agreements the u.k. makes to retain access to the e.u. markets either during a transitional period or more permanently. the measures could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and may cause us to lose subscribers, distributors and employees. if the u.k. loses access to the single e.u. market and the global trade deals negotiated by the e.u., it could have a detrimental impact on our u.k. growth. such a decline could also make our doing business in europe more difficult, which could delay and reduce the scope our distribution and licensing agreements. without access to the single e.u. market, it may be more challenging and costly to obtain intellectual property rights for our content within the u.k. or distribute our services in europe. in addition, brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the u.k. determines which e.u. laws to replace and replicate. if there are changes to u.k. immigration policy as a result of brexit, this could affect our employees and their ability to move freely between the e.u. member states for work related matters.
the announcement of brexit has caused significant volatility in global stock markets and currency exchange rate fluctuations. with the expansion of our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuation has increased. this increase in exposure could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and net asset balances, as there can be no assurance that the downward trend of the british pound and the euro will rebound. brexit may also create global uncertainty, which may cause a decrease in consumer discretionary spending. these decreases in consumer discretionary spending may affect cable television and other video service subscriptions where our networks are distributed. this could lead to a decrease in the number of subscribers receiving our programming, which could in turn have a negative impact on our viewing subscribers and affiliation fee revenues. a decrease in our viewing subscribers would have a negative impact on the number of viewers watching our programming, possibly impacting the rates we are able to charge for advertising. any of the foregoing factors may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial position.
domestic and foreign laws and regulations could adversely impact our operation results.
programming services like ours, and the distributors of our services, including cable operators, satellite operators and other multi-channel video programming distributors, are regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc, as well as by state and local governments, in ways that affect the daily conduct of our video content business. see the discussion under "business - regulatory matters" above. the u.s. congress, the fcc and the courts currently have under consideration, and may adopt or interpret in the future, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operations of our u.s. media properties or modify the terms under which we offer our services and operate. for example, any changes to the laws and regulations that govern the services or signals that are carried by cable television operators or our other distributors may result in less capacity for other content services, such as our networks, which could adversely affect our revenue.
similarly, the foreign jurisdictions in which our networks are offered have, in varying degrees, laws and regulations governing our businesses. programming businesses are subject to regulation on a country-by-country basis. changes in regulations imposed by foreign governments could also adversely affect our business, results of operations and ability to expand our operations beyond their current scope.
financial markets are subject to volatility and disruptions that may affect our ability to obtain or increase the cost of financing our operations and our ability to meet our other obligations.
increased volatility and disruptions in the u.s. and global financial and equity markets may make it more difficult for us to obtain financing for our operations or investments or increase the cost of obtaining financing. our borrowing costs can be
20
affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in significant part, on our performance as measured by credit metrics such as interest coverage and leverage ratios. a low rating could increase our cost of borrowing or make it more difficult for us to obtain future financing. unforeseeable changes in foreign currencies could negatively impact our results of operations and calculations of interest coverage and leverage ratios.
foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our operating results and financial conditions.
we have significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of our operations are conducted and certain of our debt obligations are denominated in foreign currencies. as a result, there is exposure to foreign currency risk as the company enters into transactions and makes investments denominated in multiple currencies. the value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the u.s. dollar. our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations outside of the u.s. from local currencies into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. this increased exposure could have an adverse effect on our reported results of operations and net asset balances. there is no assurance that downward trending currencies will rebound or that stable currencies will remain unchanged in any period or for any specific market.
our inability to successfully acquire and integrate other businesses, assets, products or technologies could harm our operating results.
our success may depend on opportunities to buy other businesses or technologies that could complement, enhance or expand our current business or products or that might otherwise offer us growth opportunities. we have acquired, and have made strategic investments in, a number of companies (including through joint ventures) in the past, and we expect to make additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future. such transactions may result in dilutive issuances of our equity securities, use of our cash resources, and incurrence of debt and amortization expenses related to intangible assets. any acquisitions and strategic investments that we are able to identify and complete may be accompanied by a number of risks, including:
•   the difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of acquired companies into our operations;
•   the potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
•   the incurrence of additional operating losses and operating expenses of the businesses we acquired or in which we invested;
•   the difficulty of integrating acquired technology and rights into our services and unanticipated expenses related to such integration;
•   the failure to successfully further develop an acquired business or technology and any resulting impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets;
•   the failure of strategic investments to perform as expected or to meet financial projections;
•   the potential for patent and trademark infringement and data privacy and security claims against the acquired companies, or companies in which we have invested;
•   litigation or other claims in connection with acquisitions, acquired companies, or companies in which we have invested;
•   the impairment or loss of relationships with customers and partners of the companies we acquired or in which we invested or with our customers and partners as a result of the integration of acquired operations;
•   the impairment of relationships with, or failure to retain, employees of acquired companies or our existing employees as a result of integration of new personnel;
•   our lack of, or limitations on our, control over the operations of our joint venture companies;
•   the difficulty of integrating operations, systems, and controls as a result of cultural, regulatory, systems, and operational differences;
•   in the case of foreign acquisitions and investments, the impact of particular economic, tax, currency, political, legal and regulatory risks associated with specific countries; and
•   the impact of known potential liabilities or liabilities that may be unknown, including as a result of inadequate internal controls, associated with the companies we acquired or in which we invested.
our failure to be successful in addressing these risks or other problems encountered in connection with our past or future acquisitions and strategic investments could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions or investments, incur unanticipated liabilities, and harm our business generally.
21
our equity method and cost method investments' financial performance may differ from current estimates.
we have equity investments in certain entities and the accounting treatment applied for these investments varies depending on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our percentage ownership and the level of influence or control we have over the relevant entity. any losses experienced by these entities could adversely impact our results of operations and the value of our investment. in addition, if these entities were to fail and cease operations, we may lose the entire value of our investment and the stream of any shared profits. some of our ventures may require additional uncommitted funding. we also have significant investments in entities that we have accounted for using the cost method. if these entities experience significant losses or were to fail and cease operations, our investments could be subject to impairment and the loss of a part or all of our investment value.
we have a significant amount of debt and may incur significant amounts of additional debt, which could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to react to changes in our business.
as of december 31, 2016, we had approximately $7.9 billion of consolidated debt, including capital leases. our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on, or other amounts associated with our indebtedness. in addition, we have the ability to draw down our revolving credit facility in the ordinary course, which would have the effect of increasing our indebtedness. we are also permitted, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, to obtain additional long-term debt and working capital lines of credit to meet future financing needs. this would have the effect of increasing our total leverage.
our substantial leverage could have significant negative consequences on our financial condition and results of operations, including:
•   impairing our ability to meet one or more of the financial ratio covenants contained in our debt agreements or to generate cash sufficient to pay interest or principal, which could result in an acceleration of some or all of our outstanding debt in the event that an uncured default occurs;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and market conditions;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing;
•   requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes;
•   requiring us to sell debt or equity securities or to sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, to meet payment obligations;
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we compete; and
•   placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with less leveraged competitors and competitors that may have better access to capital resources.
our ability to incur debt and the use of our funds could be limited by the restrictive covenants in the loan agreement for our revolving credit facility.
the loan agreement for our revolving credit facility contains restrictive covenants, as well as requirements to comply with certain leverage and other financial maintenance tests. these covenants and requirements could limit our ability to take various actions, including incurring additional debt, guaranteeing indebtedness and engaging in various types of transactions, including mergers, acquisitions and sales of assets. these covenants could place us at a disadvantage compared to some of our competitors, who may have fewer restrictive covenants and may not be required to operate under these restrictions. further, these covenants could have an adverse effect on our business by limiting our ability to take advantage of financing, mergers and acquisitions or other opportunities.
theft of our content, including digital copyright theft and other unauthorized exhibitions of our content, may decrease revenue received from our programming and adversely affect our businesses and profitability.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to maintain the intellectual property rights to our entertainment content. we are fundamentally a content company, and piracy of our brands, television networks, digital content and other intellectual property has the potential to significantly and adversely affect us. piracy is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack copyright and other protections similar to existing law in the u.s. it is also made easier by technological advances allowing the conversion of content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material over the internet is a threat to copyright owners' ability to protect and exploit their property. the proliferation of unauthorized use of our content may have an adverse effect on our business and profitability because it reduces the revenue that we potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect trade secrets or to determine the validity or scope of proprietary rights claimed by others.
22
the loss of key personnel or talent could disrupt our business and adversely affect our revenue.
our business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of our corporate and divisional executive teams and entertainment personalities. we employ or contract with entertainment personalities who may have loyal audiences. these individuals are important to audience endorsement of our programs and other content. there can be no assurance that these individuals will remain with us or retain their current audiences. if we fail to retain key individuals or if our entertainment personalities lose their current audience base, our operations could be adversely affected.
as a holding company, we could be unable to obtain cash in amounts sufficient to meet our financial obligations or other commitments.
our ability to meet our financial obligations and other contractual commitments will depend upon our ability to access cash. we are a holding company, and our sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of our subsidiaries, any dividends and interest we may receive from our investments, availability under our credit facility or any credit facilities that we may obtain in the future and proceeds from any asset sales we may undertake in the future. the ability of our operating subsidiaries, including discovery communications, llc, to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us will depend on their individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions, including restrictions under our credit facility, to which they may be or may become subject. we are required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes for repatriation of certain cash balances held by foreign corporations. however, we intend to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the u.s. and our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations.
we have directors in common with those of liberty media corporation ("liberty media"), liberty global plc ("liberty global"), liberty interactive corporation ("liberty interactive") and liberty broadband corporation ("liberty broadband"), which may result in the diversion of business opportunities or other potential conflicts.
liberty media, liberty global, liberty interactive and liberty broadband (together, the "liberty entities") own interests in various u.s. and international companies, such as charter communications, inc. ("charter"), that have subsidiaries that own or operate domestic or foreign content services that may compete with the content services we offer. we have no rights in respect of u.s. or international content opportunities developed by or presented to the subsidiaries of any liberty entities, and the pursuit of these opportunities by such subsidiaries may adversely affect our interests and those of our stockholders. because we and the liberty entities have overlapping directors, the pursuit of business opportunities may serve to intensify the conflicts of interest or appearance of conflicts of interest faced by the respective management teams. our charter provides that none of our directors or officers will be liable to us or any of our subsidiaries for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that such individual directs a corporate opportunity to another person or entity (including any liberty entities), for which such individual serves as a director or officer, or does not refer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunity to us or any of our subsidiaries, unless (x) such opportunity was expressly offered to such individual solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of us or any of our subsidiaries and (y) such opportunity relates to a line of business in which we or any of our subsidiaries is then directly engaged.
we have directors that are also related persons of advance/newhouse and that overlap with those of the liberty entities, which may lead to conflicting interests for those tasked with the fiduciary duties of our board.
our eleven-person board of directors includes three designees of advance/newhouse, including robert j. miron, who was the chairman of advance/newhouse until december 31, 2010, and steven a. miron, the chief executive officer of advance/newhouse. in addition, our board of directors includes two persons who are currently members of the board of directors of liberty media, three persons who are currently members of the board of directors of liberty global, two persons who are currently members of the board of directors of liberty interactive, two persons who are currently members of the board of directors of liberty broadband and two persons who are currently members of the board of directors of charter, of which liberty broadband owns an equity interest. john c. malone is the chairman of the boards of all of the liberty entities and is a member of the board of directors at charter. the parent company of advance/newhouse and the liberty entities own interests in a range of media, communications and entertainment businesses.
advance/newhouse will elect three directors annually for so long as it owns a specified minimum amount of our series a convertible preferred stock. the advance/newhouse series a convertible preferred stock, which votes with our common stock on all matters other than the election of directors, represents approximately 25% of the voting power of our outstanding shares. the series a convertible preferred stock also grants advance/newhouse consent rights over a range of our corporate actions, including fundamental changes to our business, the issuance of additional capital stock, mergers and business combinations and certain acquisitions and dispositions.
none of the liberty entities own any interest in us. mr. malone beneficially owns stock of liberty media representing approximately 47% of the aggregate voting power of its outstanding stock, owns shares representing approximately 24% of the aggregate voting power of liberty global, shares representing approximately 37% of the aggregate voting power of liberty interactive, shares representing approximately 46% of the aggregate voting power of liberty broadband and shares representing
23
approximately 21% of the aggregate voting power (other than with respect to the election of the common stock directors) of our outstanding stock. mr. malone controls approximately 28% of our aggregate voting power relating to the election of our eight common stock directors, assuming that the preferred stock owned by advance/newhouse has not been converted into shares of our common stock. our directors who are also directors of the liberty entities own stock and stock incentives of the liberty entities and own our stock and stock incentives.
these ownership interests and/or business positions could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for us, advance/newhouse and/or the liberty entities. for example, there may be the potential for a conflict of interest when we, on the one hand, or advance/newhouse and/or one or more of the liberty entities, on the other hand, look at acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for the other.
the members of our board of directors have fiduciary duties to us and our stockholders. likewise, those persons who serve in similar capacities at advance/newhouse or a liberty entity have fiduciary duties to those companies. therefore, such persons may have conflicts of interest or the appearance of conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting both respective companies, and there can be no assurance that the terms of any transactions will be as favorable to us or our subsidiaries as would be the case in the absence of a conflict of interest.
it may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if such acquisition would be beneficial to our stockholders.
certain provisions of our charter and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control that a stockholder may consider favorable. these provisions include the following:
•   authorizing a capital structure with multiple series of common stock: a series b that entitles the holders to ten votes per share, a series a that entitles the holders to one vote per share and a series c that, except as otherwise required by applicable law, entitles the holders to no voting rights;
•   authorizing the series a convertible preferred stock with special voting rights, which prohibits us from taking any of the following actions, among others, without the prior approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such stock:
•   increasing the number of members of the board of directors above ten;
•   making any material amendment to our charter or by-laws;
•   engaging in a merger, consolidation or other business combination with any other entity; and
•   appointing or removing our chairman of the board or our chief executive officer;
•   authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares and thwart a takeover attempt;
•   classifying our common stock directors with staggered three-year terms and having three directors elected by the holders of the series a convertible preferred stock, which may lengthen the time required to gain control of our board of directors;
•   limiting who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•   prohibiting stockholder action by written consent (subject to certain exceptions), thereby requiring stockholder action to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders;
•   establishing advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings;
•   requiring stockholder approval by holders of at least 80% of our voting power or the approval by at least 75% of our board of directors with respect to certain extraordinary matters, such as a merger or consolidation, a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or an amendment to our charter;
•   requiring the consent of the holders of at least 75% of the outstanding series b common stock (voting as a separate class) to certain share distributions and other corporate actions in which the voting power of the series b common stock would be diluted by, for example, issuing shares having multiple votes per share as a dividend to holders of series a common stock; and
•   the existence of authorized and unissued stock which would allow our board of directors to issue shares to persons friendly to current management, thereby protecting the continuity of our management, or which could be used to dilute the stock ownership of persons seeking to obtain control of us.
24
we have also adopted a shareholder rights plan in order to encourage anyone seeking to acquire us to negotiate with our board of directors prior to attempting a takeover. while the plan is designed to guard against coercive or unfair tactics to gain control of us, the plan may have the effect of making more difficult or delaying any attempts by others to obtain control of us.
holders of any single series of our common stock may not have any remedies if any action by our directors or officers has an adverse effect on only that series of common stock.
principles of delaware law and the provisions of our charter may protect decisions of our board of directors that have a disparate impact upon holders of any single series of our common stock. under delaware law, the board of directors has a duty to act with due care and in the best interests of all of our stockholders, including the holders of all series of our common stock. principles of delaware law established in cases involving differing treatment of multiple classes or series of stock provide that a board of directors owes an equal duty to all common stockholders regardless of class or series and does not have separate or additional duties to any group of stockholders. as a result, in some circumstances, our directors may be required to make a decision that is adverse to the holders of one series of common stock. under the principles of delaware law referred to above, stockholders may not be able to challenge these decisions if our board of directors is disinterested and adequately informed with respect to these decisions and acts in good faith and in the honest belief that it is acting in the best interests of all of our stockholders.
if advance/newhouse were to exercise its registration rights, it may cause a significant decline in our stock price, even if our business is doing well.
advance/newhouse has been granted registration rights covering all of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible preferred stock held by advance/newhouse. advance/newhouse's series a convertible preferred stock is currently convertible into one share of our series a common stock and one share of our series c common stock and advance/newhouse's series c convertible preferred stock is convertible into shares of our series c common stock on a 2-for-1 basis, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments. the registration rights, which are immediately exercisable, are transferable with the sale or transfer by advance/newhouse of blocks of shares representing 10% or more of the preferred stock it holds. the exercise of the registration rights, and subsequent sale of possibly large amounts of our common stock in the public market, could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
john c. malone and advance/newhouse each have significant voting power with respect to corporate matters considered by our stockholders.
for corporate matters other than the election of directors, mr. malone and advance/newhouse each beneficially own shares of our stock representing approximately 21% and 25%, respectively, of the aggregate voting power represented by our outstanding stock. with respect to the election of directors, mr. malone controls approximately 28% of the aggregate voting power relating to the election of the eight common stock directors (assuming that the convertible preferred stock owned by advance/newhouse (the "a/n preferred stock") has not been converted into shares of our common stock). the a/n preferred stock carries with it the right to designate three preferred stock directors to our board (subject to certain conditions), but does not carry voting rights with respect to the election of the eight common stock directors. also, under the terms of the a/n preferred stock, advance/newhouse has special voting rights as to certain enumerated matters, including material amendments to the restated charter and bylaws, fundamental changes in our business, mergers and other business combinations, certain acquisitions and dispositions and future issuances of capital stock. although there is no stockholder agreement, voting agreement or any similar arrangement between mr. malone and advance/newhouse, by virtue of their respective holdings, mr. malone and advance/newhouse each have significant influence over the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to our stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes. this section provides additional information regarding our businesses, current developments, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, contractual commitments and critical accounting policies.
cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements certain statements in this annual report on form 10-k constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, including statements regarding our business, marketing and operating strategies, integration of acquired businesses, new service offerings, financial prospects, and anticipated sources and uses of capital. words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "projects," "intends," "plans," "believes," and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance identify forward-looking statements. where, in any forward-looking statement, we express an expectation or belief as to future results or events, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be accomplished. the following is a list of some, but not all, of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated: continued consolidation of distribution customers and production studios; a failure to secure affiliate agreements or renewal of such agreements on less favorable terms; changes in the distribution and viewing of television programming, including the expanded deployment of personal video recorders, vod, internet protocol television, mobile personal devices and personal tablets and their impact on television advertising revenue; rapid technological changes; the inability of advertisers or affiliates to remit payment to us in a timely manner or at all; general economic and business conditions; industry trends, including the timing of, and spending on, feature film, television and television commercial production; spending on domestic and foreign television advertising; disagreements with our distributors over contract interpretation; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and political unrest and regulatory changes in international markets, from events including brexit; market demand for foreign first-run and existing content libraries; the regulatory and competitive environment of the industries in which we, and the entities in which we have interests, operate; uncertainties inherent in the development of new business lines and business strategies; uncertainties regarding the financial performance of our equity method investees; integration of acquired businesses; uncertainties associated with product and service development and market acceptance, including the development and provision of programming for new television and telecommunications technologies; future financial performance, including availability, terms, and deployment of capital; the ability of suppliers and vendors to deliver products, equipment, software, and services; the outcome of any pending or threatened litigation; availability of qualified personnel; the possibility or duration of an industry-wide strike or other job action affecting a major entertainment industry union; changes in, or failure or inability to comply with, government regulations, including, without limitation, regulations of the fcc and adverse outcomes from regulatory proceedings; changes in income taxes due to regulatory changes or changes in our corporate structure; changes in the nature of key strategic relationships with partners, distributors and equity method investee partners; competitor responses to our products and services and the products and services of the entities in which we have interests; threatened terrorist attacks and military action;
32
reduced access to capital markets or significant increases in costs to borrow; and a reduction of advertising revenue associated with unexpected reductions in the number of subscribers. for additional risk factors, refer to item 1a, "risk factors." these forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties, and other factors speak only as of the date of this annual report on form 10-k, and we expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based.
business overview we are a global media company that provides content across multiple distribution platforms, including pay-tv, fta and broadcast television, websites, digital distribution arrangements and content licensing agreements. our portfolio of networks includes prominent television brands such as discovery channel, our most widely distributed global brand, tlc, animal planet, id, velocity (known as turbo outside of the u.s.) and eurosport, a leading sports entertainment pay-tv programmer across europe and asia. we also develop and sell curriculum-based education products and services and operate production studios.
our objectives are to invest in content for our networks to build viewership, optimize distribution revenue, capture advertising sales and create or reposition branded channels and businesses that can sustain long-term growth and occupy a desired content niche with strong consumer appeal. our strategy is to maximize the distribution, ratings and profit potential of each of our branded networks. in addition to growing distribution and advertising revenues for our branded networks, we are extending content distribution across new platforms, including brand-aligned websites, web-native networks, on-line streaming, mobile devices, vod and broadband channels, which provide promotional platforms for our television content and serve as additional outlets for advertising and distribution revenue. audience ratings are a key driver in generating advertising revenue and creating demand on the part of cable television operators, dth satellite operators, telecommunication service providers, and other content distributors, that deliver our content to their customers.
our content spans genres including survival, exploration, sports, lifestyle, general entertainment, heroes, adventure, crime and investigation, health and kids. we have an extensive library of high-definition content and own rights to much of our content and footage, which enables us to exploit our library to launch brands and services into new markets quickly. our content can be re-edited and updated in a cost-effective manner to provide topical versions of subject matter that can be utilized around the world on a variety of platforms.
although the company utilizes certain brands and content globally, we classify our operations in two reportable segments: u.s. networks, consisting principally of domestic television networks and websites, and international networks, consisting primarily of international television networks and websites. for further discussion of our company, segments in which we do business, and our content development activities and revenues, see our business overview set forth in item 1, "business" in this annual report on form 10-k.
33
results of operations - 2016 vs. 2015
consolidated results of operations - 2016 vs. 2015
our consolidated results of operations for 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                    2015          % change revenues:
distribution                                                            $3,213                  $3,068                5      %
advertising                                                              2,970                   3,004               (1     )%
other                                                                      314                     322               (2     )%
total revenues                                                           6,497                   6,394                2      %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization               2,432                   2,343                4      %
selling, general and administrative                                      1,690                   1,669                1      %
depreciation and amortization                                              322                     330               (2     )%
restructuring and other charges                                             58                      50               16      %
(gain) loss on disposition                                                 (63     )                17               nm total costs and expenses                                                 4,439                   4,409                1      %
operating income                                                         2,058                   1,985                4      %
interest expense                                                          (353     )              (330     )          7      %
(loss) income from equity method investees, net                            (38     )                 1               nm other income (expense), net                                                  4                     (97     )         nm income before income taxes                                               1,671                   1,559                7      %
income tax expense                                                        (453     )              (511     )        (11     )%
net income                                                               1,218                   1,048               16      %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                         (1     )                (1     )          -      %
net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests             (23     )               (13     )         77      %
net income available to discovery communications, inc.                  $1,194                  $1,034               15      %
nm - not meaningful revenues distribution revenue includes affiliate fees and digital distribution revenue and is largely dependent on the rates negotiated in our distribution agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, and the market demand for the content that we provide. distribution revenue increased 5%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the acquisition of eurosport france in march 2015, distribution revenue increased 7% at our u.s. networks segment and 9% at our international networks segment. u.s. networks distribution revenue increased primarily due to contractual rate increases partially offset by slight declines in subscribers. international networks' distribution revenue increases were mostly due to increases in rates in europe and increases in subscribers and rates in latin america.
advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the stage of development of television markets, the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our content, our ability to sell commercial time over a group of channels, market demand, the mix of sales of commercial time between the upfront and scatter markets, and economic conditions. these factors impact the pricing and volume of our advertising inventory. advertising revenue decreased 1%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the disposition of the company's radio business, advertising revenue increased 2% as a result of increases of 2% at our u.s. networks and 3% at our international networks. the increase for our u.s. networks was due to inventory management and pricing increases, partially offset by a decline in ratings. the increase for our international networks was primarily driven by ratings and volume in southern europe, and to a lesser extent, pricing, ratings and volume in central and eastern europe, the middle east, and africa ("ceemea"), partially offset by lower ratings in northern europe.
other revenue decreased 2%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the disposition of the company's radio business, other revenue, which includes revenues from services provided to equity investees, increased 3%. this was due to increases at our u.s. networks offset by decreases at our international networks.
34
costs of revenues costs of revenues increased 4%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport france in march 2015 and the disposition of the company's radio business, costs of revenues increased 7% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to increased spending for content on our networks, particularly sports rights and associated production costs, and increases in content impairments in northern europe as a result of changes in programming strategies. content amortization was $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion for the years ended december 31, 2016 and december 31, 2015, respectively.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee costs, marketing costs, research costs, occupancy and back office support fees. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the disposition of the company's radio business, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 5% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was due to increases in mark-to-market equity-based compensation expense from increases in the company's stock price and marketing expense.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. depreciation and amortization declined slightly for the year ended december 31, 2016 as there have been slight declines in capital spending and no new significant business combinations.
restructuring and other charges restructuring and other charges increased $8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to personnel related termination costs for voluntary and involuntary severance actions in the second quarter of 2016. (see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) this increase was partially offset by decreases in content impairments that were classified as other charges.
gain on disposition gain on disposition increased $80 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of a gain recorded upon the deconsolidation of our digital networks businesses seeker and sourcefed studios on december 2, 2016 in connection with the group nine media transaction, and the recognition of a gain following the resolution of the final contingent payment for the sale of the radio business, compared with an expected loss in the prior year. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
interest expense interest expense increased for the year ended december 31, 2016 primarily due to the march 11, 2016 issuance of the 4.90% senior notes due march 2026. (see note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
(loss) income from equity investees, net losses from our equity method investees increased $39 million due to investments in limited liability companies that sponsor renewable energy projects related to solar energy and increased losses at all3media for derivatives that do not receive hedge accounting. (see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
35
other expense, net the table below presents the details of other expense, net (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                    2015
foreign currency gains (losses), net                              $75               $(103       )
(losses) gains on derivative instruments                          (12     )                 5
remeasurement gain on previously held equity interest               -                       2
other-than-temporary impairment of afs investments                (62     )         -
other income (expense), net                                         3               (1          )
total other income (expense), net                                  $4               $(97        )
other income (expense), net increased $101 million in 2016. the change is primarily the result of gains in foreign currency offset by a $62 million other-than-temporary impairment in the value of our lionsgate shares (see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). the change in foreign currency (gains) losses, net is caused by the remeasurement of foreign currency monetary assets and liabilities. for the year ended december 31, 2016, exchange rate changes in the british pound resulted in net remeasurement gains. the gains in the current year are in contrast to losses in the prior period for the remeasurement of our 1.90% euro-dominated senior notes due march 19, 2027, which have been effectively hedged for the year ended december 31, 2016 , and remeasurement losses on monetary assets in venezuela following a steep decline in value during the prior year.
income taxes the following table reconciles the company's effective income tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate.
year ended december 31,
2016                 2015
u.s. federal statutory income tax rate                           35      %            35      %
state and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit         (2     )%             2      %
effect of foreign operations                                     (1     )%             1      %
domestic production activity deductions                          (4     )%            (3     )%
change in uncertain tax positions                                 -      %            (1     )%
renewable energy investments tax credits                         (1     )%             -      %
other, net                                                        -      %            (1     )%
effective income tax rate                                        27      %            33      %
income tax expense was $453 million and $511 million and the effective tax rate was 27% and 33% for 2016 and 2015, respectively. the net 6% decrease in the effective tax rate was attributable to the resolution of multi-year state tax positions that resulted in a reduction of reserves related to uncertain tax positions, allocation and taxation of income among multiple foreign and domestic jurisdictions, the impact of various foreign legislative changes, and tax credits that we receive related to our renewable energy investments. the decrease was partially offset by 2015 favorable audit resolutions which positively impacted the assessment of uncertain tax positions for 2015 but did not recur in 2016. (see note 16 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
36
segment results of operations - 2016 vs. 2015
we evaluate the operating performance of our operating segments based on financial measures such as revenues and adjusted oibda. adjusted oibda is defined as operating income excluding: (i) mark-to-market equity-based compensation, (ii) depreciation and amortization, (iii) amortization of deferred launch incentives, (iv) restructuring and other charges, (v) certain impairment charges, (vi) gains and losses on business and asset dispositions, and (vii) certain inter-segment eliminations related to production studios. we use this measure to assess the operating results and performance of our segments, perform analytical comparisons, identify strategies to improve performance, and allocate resources to each segment. we believe adjusted oibda is relevant to investors because it allows them to analyze the operating performance of each segment using the same metric management uses. we exclude mark-to-market equity-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, certain impairment charges, and gains and losses on business and asset dispositions from the calculation of adjusted oibda due to their volatility. we also exclude the depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of intangible assets and deferred launch incentives as these amounts do not represent cash payments in the current reporting period. additionally, certain corporate expenses and inter-segment eliminations related to production studios are excluded from segment results to enable executive management to evaluate segment performance based upon the decisions of segment executives. total adjusted oibda should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, operating income, net income and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap").
additional financial information for our segments and geographical areas in which we do business is discussed in note 21 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
the table below presents the calculation of total adjusted oibda (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                    2015         % change revenue:
u.s. networks                                                       $3,285                  $3,131               5      %
international networks                                               3,040                   3,092              (2     )%
education and other                                                    174                     173               1      %
corporate and inter-segment eliminations                                (2     )                (2     )         -      %
total revenue                                                        6,497                   6,394               2      %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization          (2,432     )            (2,343     )         4      %
selling, general and administrative(a)                              (1,652     )            (1,669     )        (1     )%
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives(b)                      13                      16             (19     )%
adjusted oibda                                                      $2,426                  $2,398               1      %
(a)  selling, general and administrative expenses exclude mark-to-market equity-based compensation, restructuring and other charges, and gains (losses) on dispositions.
(b)  amortization of deferred launch incentives is included as a reduction of distribution revenue for reporting in accordance with gaap but is excluded from adjusted oibda.
37
the table below presents our adjusted oibda by segment, with a reconciliation of consolidated net income available to discovery communications, inc. to total adjusted oibda (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                    2015          % change net income available to discovery communications, inc.                  $1,194                  $1,034               15      %
net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests              23                      13               77      %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                          1                       1                -      %
income tax expense                                                         453                     511              (11     )%
other expense, net                                                          (4     )                97               nm loss (income) from equity investees, net                                    38                      (1     )         nm interest expense                                                           353                     330                7      %
operating income                                                         2,058                   1,985                4      %
(gain) loss on disposition                                                 (63     )                17               nm restructuring and other charges                                             58                      50               16      %
depreciation and amortization                                              322                     330               (2     )%
mark-to-market equity-based compensation                                    38                       -               nm amortization of deferred launch incentives                                  13                      16              (19     )%
total adjusted oibda                                                    $2,426                  $2,398                1      %
adjusted oibda:
u.s. networks                                                            1,922                   1,774                8      %
international networks                                                     848                     961              (12     )%
education and other                                                        (10     )                (2     )         nm corporate and inter-segment eliminations                                  (334     )              (335     )          -      %
total adjusted oibda                                                    $2,426                  $2,398                1      %
u.s. networks the table below presents, for our u.s. networks segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                    2015          % change revenues:
distribution                                                        $1,532                  $1,431                7      %
advertising                                                          1,690                   1,650                2      %
other                                                                   63                      50               26      %
total revenues                                                       3,285                   3,131                5      %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization            (891     )              (892     )          -      %
selling, general and administrative                                   (472     )              (465     )          2      %
adjusted oibda                                                       1,922                   1,774                8      %
depreciation and amortization                                          (28     )               (29     )         (3     )%
restructuring and other charges                                        (15     )               (33     )        (55     )%
gain on dispositions                                                    50                       -               nm inter-segment eliminations                                             (14     )                (8     )         75      %
operating income                                                    $1,915                  $1,704               12      %
revenues distribution revenue increased 7%, primarily due to contractual rate increases that include market adjustments for certain recent contract renewals partially offset by slight declines in subscribers.
38
advertising revenue increased 2%, due to inventory management and pricing increases, partially offset by a decline in ratings.
other revenue increased 26%, primarily due to increases in services provided to equity method investees.
costs of revenues costs of revenues remained consistent with the prior period. content amortization was $716 million and $714 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2% as increased spending on marketing was offset by decreases in personnel costs.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda increased 8%, primarily due to increases in distribution and advertising revenue.
international networks the following table presents, for our international networks segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, certain contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions). in addition, see the international networks' table in "results of operations - 2016 vs. 2015 - items impacting comparability" for more information on eurosport.
year ended december 31,
2016                       2015          % change revenues:
distribution                                                        $1,681                     $1,637               3   %
advertising                                                          1,279                      1,353              (5   )%
other                                                                   80                        102             (22   )%
total revenues                                                       3,040                      3,092              (2   )%
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization          (1,462    )                (1,375    )          6   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (743    )                  (772    )         (4   )%
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                         13                         16             (19   )%
adjusted oibda                                                         848                        961             (12   )%
amortization of deferred launch incentives                             (13    )                   (16    )        (19   )%
depreciation and amortization                                         (221    )                  (235    )         (6   )%
restructuring and other charges                                        (26    )                   (14    )         86   %
gain (loss) on disposition                                              13         -              (17    )         nm inter-segment eliminations                                              (4    )                    (3    )         33   %
operating income                                                      $597                       $676             (12   )%
revenues distribution revenue increased 3%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the acquisition of eurosport france in march 2015, distribution revenue increased 9%. the increase was mostly due to increases in rates in europe and increases in subscribers and rates in latin america. such growth is consistent with the value negotiated in new arrangements following investment in sports content in markets in europe and the continued development of the pay-tv markets in latin america.
advertising revenue decreased 5%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the disposition of the company's radio business, advertising revenue increased 3%. the increase was primarily driven by ratings and volume in southern europe, and, to a lesser extent, pricing, ratings and volume in ceemea, partially offset by lower ratings in northern europe and lower price, ratings and volume in asia.
other revenue decreased 22%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the disposition of the company's radio business, other revenue decreased 17% due to a reduction in sublicensing revenue for eurosport.
39
costs of revenues costs of revenues increased 6%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport france in march 2015, and the disposition of the company's radio business, costs of revenues increased 11%. the increase was mostly attributable to increased spending on content, particularly sports rights and associated production costs , and increases in content impairments, primarily in northern europe as a result of changes in programming strategies. content amortization was $976 million and $906 million for 2016 and 2015, respectively.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the disposition of the company's radio business, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 4%. the components of selling, general and administrative expenses included increases in personnel expenses and marketing costs.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda decreased 12%. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the disposition of the company's radio business, adjusted oibda decreased 3%. the decrease was primarily due to higher content expense partially offset by increases in distribution revenue.
education and other the following table presents our education and other operating segments' revenues, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                    2015          % change revenues                                                              $174                    $173                1   %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization             (79     )               (75     )          5   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (105     )              (100     )          5   %
adjusted oibda                                                         (10     )                (2     )         nm depreciation and amortization                                           (7     )                (7     )          -   %
restructuring and other charges                                         (3     )                (2     )         50   %
inter-segment eliminations                                              18                      11               64   %
operating income                                                       $(2     )                $-               nm adjusted oibda decreased $8 million. the decrease was primarily due to additional operational spending to invest in education's digital textbooks, which more than offset improvements in operating expenses at the studios business.
corporate and inter-segment eliminations the following table presents our unallocated corporate amounts including revenue, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating loss (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                  2015                           % change revenues                                                               $(2     )               $(2     )          -   %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization               -                      (1     )         nm selling, general and administrative                                   (332     )              (332     )          -   %
adjusted oibda                                                        (334     )              (335     )          -   %
mark-to-market equity-based compensation                               (38     )                 -               nm depreciation and amortization                                          (66     )               (59     )         12   %
restructuring and other charges                                        (14     )                (1     )         nm operating loss                                                       $(452     )             $(395     )         14   %
corporate operations primarily consist of executive management, administrative support services and substantially all of our equity-based compensation.
adjusted oibda remained consistent with the prior period.
40
the increase in mark-to-market equity-based compensation expense was primarily attributable to an increase in discovery's stock price in 2016 compared to 2015. changes in stock price are a key driver of fair value estimates used in the attribution of expense for stock appreciation rights ("sars") and performance-based restricted stock units ("prsus"). by contrast, stock options and service-based restricted stock units ("rsus") are fair valued at grant date and amortized over their vesting period without mark-to-market adjustments. the expense associated with stock options and rsu's is included in adjusted oibda as a component of selling, general and administrative expense.
items impacting comparability from time to time certain items may impact the comparability of our consolidated results of operations between two periods. in comparing the financial results for the years 2016 and 2015, the company has identified foreign currency as one such item, as noted below.
foreign currency the impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons of our results. for example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the u.s. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the u.s dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. we believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis ("ex-fx"), in addition to results reported in accordance with gaap, provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-fx excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. the presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap.
the ex-fx change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. the ex-fx change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process, (the "2016 baseline rate") and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2016 baseline rate. in addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-fx results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. the impact of foreign currency on the comparability of our results is reflected in the tables below (in millions). results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
consolidated                                                                                                                    year ended december 31,
2016                2015         % change (reported)          % change (ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                       $3,213              $3,068                   5           %              9          %
advertising                                                         2,970               3,004                  (1          )%              1          %
other                                                                 314                 322                  (2          )%              2          %
total revenues                                                      6,497               6,394                   2           %              4          %
costs of revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization           2,432               2,343                   4           %              6          %
selling, general and administrative expense                         1,690               1,669                   1           %              4          %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                        13                  16                 (19          )%            (13         )%
add: mark-to-market equity-based compensation                          38                   -                  nm                         nm adjusted oibda                                                     $2,426              $2,398                   1           %              5          %
41
international networks                                                                                                          year ended december 31,
2016                2015         % change (reported)          % change (ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                       $1,681              $1,637                   3   %                     10   %
advertising                                                         1,279               1,353                  (5   )%                    (2   )%
other                                                                  80                 102                 (22   )%                   (20   )%
total revenues                                                      3,040               3,092                  (2   )%                     4   %
costs of revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization           1,462               1,375                   6   %                     10   %
selling, general and administrative expenses                          743                 772                  (4   )%                     1   %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                        13                  16                 (19   )%                   (13   )%
adjusted oibda                                                       $848                $961                 (12   )%                    (4   )%
42
results of operations - 2015 vs. 2014
the discussion of our results that follows reflects our management reporting structure for international networks prior to january 1, 2015. effective january 1, 2015, we realigned our international networks management reporting structure into the following regions: northern europe, which includes primarily the nordic countries, which we refer to as the nordics, and u.k.; southern europe, which primarily includes italy and spain; ceemea, which has been expanded to include germany; latin america; asia-pacific; and eurosport. previously, international networks' regional operations reporting structure was segregated into the following regions: western europe, which included the u.k. and western european countries; nordics; ceemea; latin america; asia-pacific; and eurosport. this realignment did not impact our consolidated financial statements other than to change the regions in which we describe our operating results for the international networks segment from january 1, 2015.
year ended december 31,
2015                    2014          % change revenues:
distribution                                                                   $3,068                  $2,842                8   %
advertising                                                                     3,004                   3,089               (3   )%
other                                                                             322                     334               (4   )%
total revenues                                                                  6,394                   6,265                2   %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization                      2,343                   2,124               10   %
selling, general and administrative                                             1,669                   1,692               (1   )%
depreciation and amortization                                                     330                     329                -   %
restructuring and other charges                                                    50                      90              (44   )%
gain (loss) on disposition                                                         17                     (31     )         nm total costs and expenses                                                        4,409                   4,204                5   %
operating income                                                                1,985                   2,061               (4   )%
interest expense                                                                 (330     )              (328     )          1   %
income from equity method investees, net                                            1                      23               nm other expense, net                                                                (97     )                (9     )         nm income before income taxes                                                      1,559                   1,747              (11   )%
income taxes                                                                     (511     )              (610     )        (16   )%
net income                                                                      1,048                   1,137               (8   )%
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                (1     )                (2     )        (50   )%
net (income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests             (13     )                 4               nm net income available to discovery communications, inc.                         $1,034                  $1,139               (9   )%
nm - not meaningful revenues distribution revenue includes affiliate fees and digital distribution revenue and is largely dependent on the rates negotiated in our distribution agreements, the number of subscribers that receive our networks or content, and the market demand for the content that we provide. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport and the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, distribution revenue increased 7% as a result of increases of 7% at our u.s. networks segment and 7% at our international networks segment. for u.s. networks, excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, distribution revenue increased primarily due to annual contractual rate increases and, to a lesser extent, increases in digital distribution revenue, partially offset by slight declines in subscribers. the increase in our international networks' distribution revenue, excluding the impact of foreign currency and the acquisition of eurosport, was mostly due to increases in affiliate rates and subscribers, in equivalent amounts, in latin america, and, a lesser extent, to increases in subscribers in ceemea and digital distribution revenue.
43
advertising revenue is dependent upon a number of factors, including the stage of development of television markets, the number of subscribers to our channels, viewership demographics, the popularity of our content, our ability to sell commercial time over a group of channels, market demand, the mix of sales of commercial time between the upfront and scatter markets, and economic conditions. these factors impact the pricing and volume of our advertising inventory. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, and the disposition of the company's radio business, advertising revenue increased 6%, primarily due to increases of 11% at our international networks segment and, to a lesser extent, increases of 2% at our u.s. networks segment. the increase at our international networks segment was mostly driven by pricing and, to a lesser extent, ratings in southern europe and pricing, volume, and to a lesser extent, ratings in latin america. southern europe and latin america contributed to the increase in equivalent amounts. the increases were also, to a lesser extent, due to pricing in northern europe. these increases were partially offset by decreases due to changes in regulations involving advertising sales operations in russia, as further described in item 1, "business" in this annual report on form 10-k. u.s. networks' advertising revenue increased due to increases in pricing, partially offset by lower audience delivery.
excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, and the disposition of the company's radio business, other revenue increased 4%. this increase was primarily due to an increase at our education and other segments due to increased productions and, to a lesser extent, an increase at our international networks segment as result of increased program sales. these increases were offset by a decrease at our u.s. networks segment primarily due to the absence of representation service fees for discovery family, which have been eliminated since the company began to consolidate discovery family.
costs of revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisitions of eurosport, the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, and the disposition of the company's radio business, costs of revenues increased 11% as result of increases of 12% at our international networks segment and 7% at our u.s. networks segment. the increases in costs of revenues were mostly due to our commitment to increased spending for content on our networks, which increased content amortization, and, to a lesser extent, increases in content impairments that were not included in restructuring and other charges. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport and the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, content amortization was $1.5 billion and $1.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. content amortization rates on our networks have been slightly accelerating.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses consist principally of employee costs, marketing costs, research costs, occupancy and back office support fees. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, the consolidation of discovery family, and the disposition of the company's radio business, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 3% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to an increase in selling, general and administrative expense at our international networks segment of 10% mostly due to increased personnel and associated support costs and, to a lesser extent, increased marketing costs. the increase was also, to a lesser extent, due to slight increases at our u.s. network segment due to an increase in research and, to a lesser extent, marketing costs. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in our equity-based compensation expense.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense includes depreciation of fixed assets and amortization of finite-lived intangible assets. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, business combinations and dispositions, depreciation and amortization remained consistent for the year ended december 31, 2015.
restructuring and other charges restructuring and other charges decreased $40 million. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in content impairment resulting from the post-acquisition rebranding of the hub network to discovery family in 2014 (see note 6 and note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
44
loss (gain) on disposition loss on dispositions comprised $12 million for the sale of the sbs radio business and $5 million for the contribution of the russian business to the new russian business for the year ended december 31, 2015. gain on disposition comprised $31 million for the sale of howstuffworks for the year ended december 31, 2014. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
interest expense interest expense remained consistent for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
income from equity investees, net income from our equity method investees declined $22 million, mostly due to losses at all3media related to the amortization of intangible assets for the step up in the fair value of assets acquired from the investment following its acquisition on september 23, 2014, interest expense for the recapitalization of debt for the transaction and losses on derivative instruments. the decline was also, to a lesser extent, due to the change in accounting for discovery family from an equity method investment to a consolidated subsidiary, as well as decreased income at various other equity method investees.
other expense, net the table below presents the details of other income (expense), net (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2015                    2014
foreign currency losses, net                                    $(103     )              $(22     )
gain on derivative instruments                                      5                       1
remeasurement gain on previously held equity interest               2                      29
other, net                                                         (1     )               (17     )
total other expense, net                                         $(97     )               $(9     )
other expense, net increased $88 million in 2015. the increase was primarily due to foreign currency losses related to revaluation of our 1.90% euro-dominated senior notes due march 19, 2027, which expose discovery to fluctuations in euro exchange rates, as well as the revaluation of monetary assets in venezuela, due to changes in the bolivar exchange rate used to remeasure revenue and monetary asset balances (as further discussed in item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" in this annual report on form 10-k). the increase was further attributable to a decrease in remeasurement gain related to the acquisition of a controlling interest in eurosport on may 30, 2014 of $29 million, and eurosport france on march 31, 2015 of $2 million (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). these increases were slightly offset by the attribution expense related to the put right held by tf1, the holder of the remaining interests in eurosport and eurosport france, as a component of other expense, net in 2014, for which there is no similar expense in the 2015.
income taxes the following table reconciles the company's effective income tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate.
year ended december 31,
2015                 2014
u.s. federal statutory income tax rate                           35      %            35      %
state and local income taxes, net of federal tax benefit          2      %             2      %
effect of foreign operations                                      1      %             2      %
domestic production activity deductions                          (3     )%            (3     )%
change in uncertain tax positions                                (1     )%            (1     )%
other, net                                                       (1     )%             -      %
effective income tax rate                                        33      %            35      %
45
income tax expense was $511 million and $610 million and the effective tax rate was 33% and 35% for 2015 and 2014, respectively. the net 2% decrease in the effective tax rate was attributable to a decrease in unrecognized tax benefits as a result of multiple audit resolutions and the lapse of the statute of limitations in foreign and domestic jurisdictions, favorable impact to deferred taxes due to various enacted foreign legislative changes and the allocation and taxation of income among multiple foreign and domestic jurisdictions.
segment results of operations - 2015 vs. 2014
the table below presents the calculation of total adjusted oibda (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2015                    2014          % change revenues:
u.s. networks                                                       $3,131                  $2,950                6   %
international networks                                               3,092                   3,157               (2   )%
education and other                                                    173                     160                8   %
corporate and inter-segment eliminations                                (2     )                (2     )          -   %
total revenues                                                       6,394                   6,265                2   %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization          (2,343     )            (2,124     )         10   %
selling, general and administrative(a)                              (1,669     )            (1,661     )          -   %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives(b)                      16                      11               45   %
adjusted oibda                                                      $2,398                  $2,491               (4   )%
(a)  selling, general and administrative expenses exclude mark-to-market equity-based compensation, restructuring and other charges and gains (losses) on dispositions.
(b)  amortization of deferred launch incentives are included as a reduction of distribution revenue for reporting in accordance with gaap but are excluded from adjusted oibda.
46
the table below presents our adjusted oibda, with a reconciliation of consolidated net income available to discovery communications, inc. to total adjusted oibda (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2015                    2014          % change net income available to discovery communications, inc.                  $1,034                  $1,139               (9   )%
net income attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests              13                      (4     )         nm net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                          1                       2              (50   )%
income tax expense                                                         511                     610              (16   )%
other expense, net                                                          97                       9               nm income from equity investees, net                                           (1     )               (23     )         nm interest expense                                                           330                     328                1   %
operating income                                                         1,985                   2,061               (4   )%
gain (loss) on disposition                                                  17                     (31     )         nm restructuring and other charges                                             50                      90              (44   )%
depreciation and amortization                                              330                     329                -   %
mark-to-market equity-based compensation                                     -                      31             (100   )%
amortization of deferred launch incentives                                  16                      11               45   %
total adjusted oibda                                                    $2,398                  $2,491               (4   )%
adjusted oibda:
u.s. networks                                                           $1,774                  $1,680                6   %
international networks                                                     961                   1,124              (15   )%
education and other                                                         (2     )                 6               nm corporate and inter-segment eliminations                                  (335     )              (319     )          5   %
total adjusted oibda                                                    $2,398                  $2,491               (4   )%
u.s. networks the following table presents, for our u.s. networks segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2015                    2014          % change revenues:
distribution                                                        $1,431                  $1,289               11      %
advertising                                                          1,650                   1,605                3      %
other                                                                   50                      56              (11     )%
total revenues                                                       3,131                   2,950                6      %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization            (892     )              (815     )          9      %
selling, general and administrative                                   (465     )              (455     )          2      %
adjusted oibda                                                       1,774                   1,680                6      %
depreciation and amortization                                          (29     )               (17     )         71      %
restructuring and other charges                                        (33     )               (61     )        (46     )%
gain on disposition                                                      -                      31             (100     )%
inter-segment eliminations                                              (8     )                (7     )         14      %
operating income                                                    $1,704                  $1,626                5      %
47
revenues distribution revenue increased 11%. excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, distribution revenue increased 7% primarily due to contractual rate increases and, to a lesser extent, increases in digital distribution revenue, partially offset by slight declines in subscribers.
advertising revenue increased 3%. excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, advertising revenue increased 2% as increases in pricing were partially offset by lower audience delivery.
other revenue decreased 11%. excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, other revenue decreased 24% primarily due to the absence of representation service fees for discovery family, which have been eliminated since the company began to consolidate discovery family. when discovery family was an equity method investment, these fees were not eliminated but disclosed as related party transactions in note 19 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
costs of revenues costs of revenues increased 9%. excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, costs of revenues increased 7%. the increase was primarily attributable to our commitment to increased spending for content on our networks which increased content amortization, and, to a lesser extent, increases in content impairments that were not included in restructuring and other charges. excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, content amortization was $719 million and $672 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively. content amortization rates on our networks have been slightly accelerating.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2%. excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, selling, general and administrative expenses increased slightly due to increases in research and, to a lesser extent, marketing costs.
adjusted oibda adjusted oibda increased 6%. excluding the effect of the consolidation of discovery family, adjusted oibda increased 3% primarily driven by increases in distribution and advertising revenue, partially offset by increases in content amortization.
international networks the following table presents, for our international networks segment, revenues by type, certain operating expenses, contra revenue amounts, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2015                    2014          % change revenues:
distribution                                                        $1,637                  $1,553                5   %
advertising                                                          1,353                   1,483               (9   )%
other                                                                  102                     121              (16   )%
total revenues                                                       3,092                   3,157               (2   )%
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization          (1,375     )            (1,250     )         10   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (772     )              (794     )         (3   )%
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                         16                      11               45   %
adjusted oibda                                                         961                   1,124              (15   )%
amortization of deferred launch incentives                             (16     )               (11     )         45   %
depreciation and amortization                                         (235     )              (247     )         (5   )%
restructuring and other charges                                        (14     )               (24     )        (42   )%
loss on disposition                                                    (17     )                 -               nm inter-segment eliminations                                              (3     )                (2     )         50   %
operating income                                                      $676                    $840              (20   )%
48
revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the acquisition of eurosport, distribution revenue increased 7%. the increase was mostly due to increases in affiliate rates and subscribers, in equivalent amounts, in latin america and, to a lesser extent, increases in subscribers in ceemea and digital distribution revenue. such growth is consistent with the continued development of the pay-tv markets in those regions.
excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, and the disposition of the company's radio business, advertising revenue increased 11%. the increase was mostly driven by pricing and, to a lesser extent, ratings in southern europe and pricing, volume and, to a lesser extent, ratings in latin america. southern europe and latin america contributed to the increase in equivalent amounts. the increases were also, to a lesser extent, due to pricing in northern europe. these increases were partially offset by decreases due to changes in regulations involving advertising sales operations in russia as further described in item 1, "business" in this annual report on form 10-k.
excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, and the disposition of the company's radio business, other revenue increased 13% mostly as result of increased program sales.
costs of revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, and the disposition of the company's radio business, costs of revenues increased 12%. the increase was mostly attributable to our commitment to increased spending on content on our networks, thereby increasing content amortization, and, to a lesser extent, increases in content impairments that were not included in restructuring and other charges. excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations and eurosport, content amortization was $730 million and $658 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively. content amortization rates on our networks have been slightly accelerating.
selling, general and administrative excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, and the disposition of the company's radio business, selling, general and administrative expenses increased 10%. the increase was mostly due to increased personnel and associated support costs and, to a lesser extent, increased marketing costs.
adjusted oibda excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, the acquisition of eurosport, and the disposition of the company's radio business, adjusted oibda increased 5%. the increase was mostly due to an increase in advertising and distribution revenue, partially offset by higher content expense and, to a lesser extent, higher selling, general, and administrative costs.
education and other the following table presents, for our education and other operating segments, revenue, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating income (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2015                    2014          % change revenues                                                              $173                    $160                8   %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization             (75     )               (59     )         27   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (100     )               (95     )          5   %
adjusted oibda                                                          (2     )                 6               nm depreciation and amortization                                           (7     )                (7     )          -   %
restructuring and other charges                                         (2     )                (3     )        (33   )%
inter-segment eliminations                                              11                       9               22   %
operating income                                                        $-                      $5             (100   )%
adjusted oibda decreased $8 million. the decrease was primarily due to activities associated with education's digital textbooks partially offset by increases in production revenue.
49
corporate and inter-segment eliminations the following table presents, for our unallocated corporate amounts, revenue, certain operating expenses, adjusted oibda, and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to operating loss (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2015                  2014                          % change revenues                                                               $(2     )               $(2     )         -   %
costs of revenues, excluding depreciation and amortization              (1     )                 -              nm selling, general and administrative                                   (332     )              (317     )         5   %
adjusted oibda                                                        (335     )              (319     )         5   %
mark-to-market equity-based compensation                                 -                     (31     )      (100   )%
depreciation and amortization                                          (59     )               (58     )         2   %
restructuring and other charges                                         (1     )                (2     )       (50   )%
operating loss                                                       $(395     )             $(410     )        (4   )%
corporate operations primarily consist of executive management, administrative support services and substantially all of our equity-based compensation.
adjusted oibda decreased 5%, mostly attributable to higher personnel costs and, to a lesser extent, fees related to investments and other matters, partially offset by a decrease in equity-based compensation expense for equity-settled awards such as stock options and rsus that are recorded at fair value at grant date and amortized over the vesting period without mark-to-market adjustments.
the decrease in mark-to-market equity-based compensation expense was primarily attributable to a decrease in discovery's stock price compared to 2014. changes in stock price are a key driver of fair value estimates used in the attribution of expense for sars and unit awards. (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
items impacting comparability from time to time, certain items may impact the comparability of our consolidated results of operations between two periods. in comparing the financial results for the years 2015 and 2014, the company has identified foreign currency and the impact of the acquisition of eurosport as items impacting comparability between periods, as noted below.
foreign currency the impact of exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period to period comparisons of our results. for example, our international revenues are favorably impacted as the u.s. dollar weakens relative to other foreign currencies, and unfavorably impacted as the u.s dollar strengthens relative to other foreign currencies. we believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis (ex-fx), in addition to results reported in accordance with gaap provides useful information about our operating performance because the presentation ex-fx excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility and highlights our core operating results. the presentation of results on a constant currency basis should be considered in addition to, but not a substitute for, measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap.
the ex-fx change represents the percentage change on a period-over-period basis adjusted for foreign currency impacts. the ex-fx change is calculated as the difference between the current year amounts translated at a baseline rate, a spot rate for each of our currencies determined early in the fiscal year as part of our forecasting process, (the "2015 baseline rate") and the prior year amounts translated at the same 2015 baseline rate. in addition, consistent with the assumption of a constant currency environment, our ex-fx results exclude the impact of our foreign currency hedging activities as well as realized and unrealized foreign currency transaction gains and losses. the impact of foreign currency on the comparability of our results is reflected in the tables below (in millions). results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies.
50
consolidated                                                                                                                    year ended december 31,
2015                2014         % change (reported)          % change (ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                       $3,068              $2,842                   8   %                      9   %
advertising                                                         3,004               3,089                  (3   )%                     1   %
other                                                                 322                 334                  (4   )%                    (2   )%
total revenues                                                      6,394               6,265                   2   %                      4   %
costs of revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization           2,343               2,124                  10   %                     15   %
selling, general and administrative expense                         1,669               1,661                   -   %                      3   %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                        16                  11                  45   %                     36   %
adjusted oibda                                                     $2,398              $2,491                  (4   )%                    (4   )%
international networks                                                                                                          year ended december 31,
2015                2014         % change (reported)          % change (ex-fx)
revenues:
distribution                                                       $1,637              $1,553                   5   %                      7   %
advertising                                                         1,353               1,483                  (9   )%                    (2   )%
other                                                                 102                 121                 (16   )%                   (11   )%
total revenues                                                      3,092               3,157                  (2   )%                     2   %
costs of revenue, excluding depreciation and amortization           1,375               1,250                  10   %                     19   %
selling, general and administrative expenses                          772                 794                  (3   )%                     2   %
add: amortization of deferred launch incentives                        16                  11                  45   %                     36   %
adjusted oibda                                                       $961              $1,124                 (15   )%                   (16   )%
51
newly acquired businesses on may 30, 2014, we acquired a controlling interest in eurosport international. on march 31, 2015, we acquired a controlling interest in eurosport france and integrated the business into eurosport international, collectively referred to as eurosport. (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) we included the operations of eurosport international and eurosport france in our consolidated financial statements as of their respective acquisition dates. as a result, eurosport has impacted the comparability of our results of operations between 2015 and 2014. accordingly, to assist the reader in understanding the changes in our results of operations, the results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 excluding eurosport are presented in the tables below (in millions). the results of operations for eurosport do not reflect the synergies from increased pan-european market penetration, which are reflected in the total company excluding eurosport amounts. adjustments for discovery family, which was acquired on september 23, 2014, the company's radio business in northern europe, which was disposed of on june 30, 2015, and other less significant acquisitions made during 2015 and 2014, were not made in the comparability tables as their results did not materially impact the comparability of operations, except as otherwise noted within this item. adjusted oibda is defined and a reconciliation to operating income is presented below in "segment results of operations - 2015 vs. 2014."
consolidated                                                                                                                                                                       year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                                                                                                  2014
total company as reported             eurosport           total company ex-eurosport            total company as reported             eurosport           total company ex-eurosport        % change ex-eurosport revenues:
distribution                  $3,068                       $354                          $2,714                               $2,842                       $198                          $2,644              3               %
advertising                    3,004                         98                           2,906                                3,089                         69                           3,020                         (4   )%
other                            322                         55                             267                                  334                         63                             271                         (1   )%
total revenues                $6,394                       $507                          $5,887                               $6,265                       $330                          $5,935                         (1   )%
adjusted oibda                $2,398                        $37                          $2,361                               $2,491                        $68                          $2,423                         (3   )%
international networks                                                                                                                                                                                             year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                                                                                                                       2014
international networks as reported             eurosport           international networks ex-eurosport           internationalnetworksas reported             eurosport           international networks ex-     % change ex-eurosport eurosport revenues:
distribution                                $1,637                          $354                                $1,283                                      $1,553                         $198                          $1,355                      (5   )%
advertising                                  1,353                            98                                 1,255                                       1,483                           69                           1,414                     (11   )%
other                                          102                            55                                    47                                         121                           63                              58                     (19   )%
total revenues                              $3,092                          $507                                $2,585                                      $3,157                         $330                          $2,827                      (9   )%
adjusted oibda                                $961                           $37                                  $924                                      $1,124                          $68                          $1,056                     (13   )%
there are no other items impacting comparability.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity sources of cash historically, we have generated a significant amount of cash from operations. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we funded our working capital needs primarily through cash flows from operations. as of december 31, 2016, we had $300 million of cash and cash equivalents on hand. we maintain an effective registration statement on form s-3 that allows us to conduct
52
registered offerings of securities, including debt securities, common stock and preferred stock. access to sufficient capital from the public market is not assured.
•   debt senior notes on march 11, 2016, discovery communications, llc ("dcl"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, issued $500 million principal amount of 4.90% senior notes due march 11, 2026. all of dcl's outstanding senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by discovery and contain certain nonfinancial covenants, events of default and other customary provisions.
revolving credit facility we have access to a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility. borrowing capacity under this agreement is reduced by the outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program. as of december 31, 2016, the company had outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility of $550 million at a weighted average interest rate of 2.05%. the revolving credit facility agreement provides for a maturity date of february 4, 2021, and the option for two additional 364-day renewal periods. all obligations of dcl and the other borrowers under the revolving credit facility are unsecured and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by discovery. borrowings may be used for general corporate purposes.
the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility (the "credit agreement") contains customary representations, warranties and events of default, as well as affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations on liens, investments, indebtedness, dispositions, affiliate transactions, dividends and restricted payments. dcl, its subsidiaries and discovery are also subject to a limitation on mergers, liquidation and disposals of all or substantially all of their assets. the credit agreement also requires dcl to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no less than 3:00 to 1:00 and a consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 4:50 to 1:00. as of december 31, 2016, discovery, dcl and the other borrowers were in compliance with all covenants and there were no events of default under the credit agreement.
commercial paper under our commercial paper program and subject to market conditions, dcl may issue unsecured commercial paper notes guaranteed by the company from time to time up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of $1.0 billion. the maturities of these notes will vary but may not exceed 397 days. the notes may be issued at a discount or at par, and interest rates vary based on market conditions and the credit ratings assigned to the notes at the time of issuance. as of december 31, 2016, we had $48 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 1.20% and maturities of less than 90 days. borrowings under the commercial paper program reduce the borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility arrangement referenced above.
we repay our senior notes, revolving credit facility and commercial paper as required, and accordingly these sources of cash also require use of our cash.
•   notes receivable we have an outstanding note receivable from own, our equity method investee, which totals $311 million including accrued interest. during the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, the company received net repayments from own of $87 million and $82 million, respectively. borrowings are scheduled for repayment four years after the borrowing date to the extent that own has excess cash to repay the borrowings then due.
uses of cash our primary uses of cash include the creation and acquisition of new content, business acquisitions, repurchases of our capital stock, income taxes, personnel costs, principal and interest on our outstanding senior notes, and funding for various equity method and other investments.
•   content acquisition we plan to continue to invest significantly in the creation and acquisition of new content. additional information regarding contractual commitments to acquire content is set forth in "commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements" in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in this annual report on form 10-k.
53
•   common stock repurchase program under the company's stock repurchase program, management is authorized to purchase shares of the company's common stock from time to time through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions at prevailing prices or pursuant to one or more accelerated stock repurchase or other derivative arrangements as permitted by securities laws and other legal requirements and subject to stock price, business and market conditions and other factors. as of december 31, 2016, the company had repurchased 3 million and 150 million shares of series a and series c common stock over the life of the program for the aggregate purchase price of $171 million and $6.2 billion, respectively. over the life of the program, authorization under the stock repurchase program has totaled $7.5 billion. as of december 31, 2016, the company had remaining authorization of approximately $1.1 billion for future repurchases under the existing stock repurchase program, which will expire on october 8, 2017. (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) we have been funding our stock repurchases through a combination of cash on hand, cash generated by operations and the issuance of debt. in the future we may also choose to fund our stock repurchase program through borrowings under our revolving credit facility and future financing transactions.
•   prepayments for repurchase of common stock during the year ended december 31, 2016, we entered into two prepaid common stock repurchase contracts for the company's series c common stock, one of which settled via the receipt of common stock during the quarter ended december 31, 2016 and one which will settle in the first quarter of 2017. we made up-front cash-payments totaling $128 million for the two common stock repurchase contracts during 2016. the common stock repurchase contract that settled during the year ended december 31, 2016 settled at a cost of $71 million. (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
•   preferred stock conversion and repurchase we have an agreement with advance/newhouse to repurchase, on a quarterly basis, a number of shares of series c convertible preferred stock convertible into 3/7 of the number of shares of series c common stock purchased under the company's stock repurchase program during the then most recently completed fiscal quarter. the price paid per share is calculated as 99% of the average price paid for the series c common shares repurchased by the company during the applicable fiscal quarter multiplied by the series c conversion rate. the advance/newhouse repurchases are made outside of the company's publicly announced stock repurchase program. during 2016, we converted, repurchased and retired 9 million shares of our series c convertible preferred stock under the preferred stock conversion and repurchase arrangement for an aggregate purchase price of $479 million. the company expects to convert, repurchase and retire approximately 1 million shares of its series c convertible preferred stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $60 million on or about february 16, 2017. (see note 12 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
•   income taxes and interest we expect to continue to make payments for income taxes and interest on our outstanding senior notes. during the year ended december 31, 2016, we made cash payments of $527 million and $343 million for income taxes and interest on our outstanding debt, respectively.
•   business combinations and investments our uses of cash have included investment in business combinations (see note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), equity method investments, afs securities and cost method investments (see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). due to business combinations, we also have redeemable equity balances of $243 million, which may require the use of cash in the event holders of noncontrolling interests put their interests to the company.
we provide funding to our equity method investees from time to time. as of december 31, 2016, we have outstanding advances to and a note receivable from own, our equity method investee, which totals $311 million including interest. during december 2016, the company invested $63 million in limited liability companies that sponsor renewable energy projects related to solar energy. the company has total funding commitments of $238 million related to these projects, which is expected to be invested in 2017.
•   equity-based compensation we expect to continue to make payments for vested cash-settled equity awards. actual amounts expensed and payable for cash-settled awards are dependent on future fair value calculations which are primarily affected by changes in our stock price as well as changes in the number of awards outstanding. during 2016, we paid $5 million for cash-settled equity awards. as of december 31, 2016, liabilities totaled $83 million for outstanding liability-classified equity-based compensation awards, of which $31 million was classified as current. (see note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
54
cash flows changes in cash and cash equivalents were as follows (in millions).
year ended december 31,
2016                              2015   2014
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                          $390                $367                $408
cash provided by operating activities                                  1,373               1,277               1,318
cash used in investing activities                                       (256    )           (301    )           (568    )
cash used in financing activities                                     (1,177    )           (902    )           (734    )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents             (30    )            (51    )            (57    )
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                  (90    )             23                 (41    )
cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                $300                $390                $367
operating activities cash provided by operating activities increased $96 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. improvements in operating results were partially offset by increases in content spending, particularly for sports rights, of $131 million and the impact of foreign currency.
cash provided by operating activities decreased $41 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to negative foreign currency fluctuations that impacted the company's operating performance, increased content investment of $90 million and decreases in working capital of $182 million due to decreases in accounts payable and accruals. these decreases were partially offset by a decrease in cash payments for equity-based compensation of $56 million.
investing activities cash flows used in investing activities decreased $45 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in cash paid for business combinations, net of cash acquired of $80 million, partially offset by a decrease in proceeds from dispositions of business of $42 million.
cash flows used in investing activities decreased $267 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in cash paid for business combinations, net of cash acquired of $292 million and partially offset by an increase in payments for investments, net of $92 million.
financing activities cash flows used in financing activities increased $275 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was attributable to an increase in repurchases of stock of $423 million and a decrease in net borrowings of $471 million, which is comprised of increases in repayments on the revolver loans, net of repayments, of $973 million partially offset by increased borrowings of senior notes, net of repayments, of $411 million and decreases in commercial paper repayments of $91 million. these net increases were partially offset by decreases in purchases of redeemable noncontrolling interests of $548 million and payments on hedging instruments for derivatives in connection with the effective portion of interest rate contracts of $69 million.
cash flows used in financing activities increased $168 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily due to the purchase of tf1's 49% noncontrolling interest in eurosport for $548 million, an increase in net repayments of commercial paper of $365 million, an increase in cash distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests of $40 million and payments on hedging instruments for derivatives in connection with the effective portion of our interest rate contracts of $29 million. these increases were partially offset by increased borrowings under the revolving credit facility of $318 million and a decrease in repurchases of stock of $471 million.
55
capital resources as of december 31, 2016, capital resources were comprised of the following (in millions).
december 31, 2016
totalcapacity       outstandingletters ofcredit             outstandingindebtedness           unusedcapacity cash and cash equivalents                                          $300              $-                                      $-                                $300
revolving credit facility and commercial paper program(a)         2,000          1                                       598                                   1,401
senior notes(b)                                                   7,241              -                                       7,241                             -
total                                                            $9,541              $1                                      $7,839                            $1,701
(a) outstanding commercial paper borrowings of $48 million as of december 31, 2016 are supported by unused committed capacity under the revolving credit facility and reduce unused capacity. there were $550 million in borrowings under the revolving credit facility outstanding as of december 31, 2016.
(b) interest on senior notes is paid annually or semi-annually. our senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2016 had interest rates that ranged from 1.90% to 6.35% and will mature between 2019 and 2043.
we expect that our cash balance, cash generated from operations and availability under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our cash needs for the next twelve months. our borrowing costs and access to the capital markets can be affected by short and long-term debt ratings assigned by independent rating agencies which are based, in part, on our performance as measured by credit metrics, such as interest coverage and leverage ratios.
as of december 31, 2016, we held $86 million of our $300 million of cash and cash equivalents in our foreign subsidiaries. we intend to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the u.s. our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to the u.s. however, if these funds are needed in the u.s., we would be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes to repatriate them. the determination of the amount of unrecognized u.s. deferred income tax liability with respect to these undistributed foreign earnings is not practicable.
additional information regarding the changes in our outstanding indebtedness and the significant terms and provisions of our revolving credit facility and outstanding indebtedness is discussed in note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
commitments and off-balance sheet arrangements obligations as of december 31, 2016, our significant contractual obligations, including related payments due by period, were as follows (in millions).
payments due by period total            less than 1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt:
principal payments                   $7,241                      $-                    $500                $1,950                    $4,791
interest payments                     4,037                     310                     544                   449                     2,734
capital lease obligations:
principal payments                      151                      34                      35                    29                        53
interest payments                        33                       7                      11                     7                         8
operating lease obligations             198                      56                      87                    34                        21
content                               3,598                     939                     962                   872                       825
other                                 1,314                     546                     456                   191                       121
total                               $16,572                  $1,892                  $2,595                $3,532                    $8,553
the above table does not include certain long-term obligations as the timing or the amount of the payments cannot be predicted. for example, as of december 31, 2016, we have recorded $243 million for redeemable equity (see note 11 to the
56
accompanying consolidated financial statements), although we are unable to predict reasonably the ultimate amount or timing of any payment. the current portion of the liability for cash-settled equity-based compensation awards was $31 million as of december 31, 2016. additionally, reserves for unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the above table because we are unable to predict reasonably the ultimate amount or timing of settlement. our unrecognized tax benefits totaled $117 million as of december 31, 2016.
the above table also does not include dcl's revolving credit facility that, during the year ended december 31, 2016, allowed dcl and certain designated foreign subsidiaries of dcl to borrow up to $2.0 billion, including a $100 million sublimit for the issuance of standby letters of credit and a $50 million sublimit for swingline loans. borrowing capacity under this agreement is reduced by the outstanding borrowings under the commercial paper program discussed below. as of december 31, 2016, the revolving credit facility agreement provided for a maturity date of february 4, 2021 and the option for up to two additional 364-day renewal periods.
from time to time we may provide our equity method investees additional funding that has not been committed to as of december 31, 2016 based on unforeseen investee opportunities or cash flow needs. (see note 4.)
long-term debt principal payments on long-term debt reflect the repayment of our outstanding senior notes, at face value, assuming repayment will occur upon maturity. interest payments on our outstanding senior notes are projected based on their contractual rate and maturity.
capital lease obligations we acquire satellite transponders and other equipment through multi-year capital lease arrangements. principal payments on capital lease obligations reflect amounts due under our capital lease agreements. interest payments on our outstanding capital lease obligations are based on the stated or implied rate in our capital lease agreements.
operating lease obligations we obtain office space and equipment under multi-year lease arrangements. most operating leases are not cancelable prior to their expiration. payments for operating leases represent the amounts due under the agreements assuming the agreements are not canceled prior to their expiration.
purchase obligations content purchase obligations include commitments and liabilities associated with third-party producers and sports associations for content that airs on our television networks. production contracts generally require: purchase of a specified number of episodes; payments over the term of the license; and include both programs that have been delivered and are available for airing and programs that have not yet been produced or sporting events that have not yet taken place. if the content is ultimately never produced, our commitments expire without obligation. the commitments disclosed above exclude content liabilities recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. we expect to enter into additional production contracts and content licenses to meet our future content needs.
other purchase obligations include agreements with certain vendors and suppliers for the purchase of goods and services whereby the underlying agreements are enforceable, legally binding and specify all significant terms. significant purchase obligations include transmission services, television rating services, marketing research, employment contracts, equipment purchases, and information technology and other services. the company has contracts that do not require the purchase of fixed or minimum quantities and generally may be terminated with a 30-day to 60-day advance notice without penalty, and are not included in the table above past the 30-day to 60-day advance notice period. amounts related to employment contracts include base compensation and do not include compensation contingent on future events.
put rights the company has granted put rights related to an equity method investment and certain consolidated subsidiaries. harpo has the right to require the company to purchase all or part of its interest in own for fair value during a 90-day window every two and a half years commencing april 1, 2017. no amounts have been recorded by the company for the harpo put right. (see note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.) hasbro, inc. ("hasbro") and jupiter telecommunications co., ltd. ("j:com") have the right to require the company to purchase their remaining noncontrolling interests in discovery family and discovery japan, respectively. the company recorded the value of the put rights for discovery family and discovery japan as a component of redeemable equity in the amounts of $216 million and $27 million, respectively. on july 22, 2015, tf1 exercised its
57
right to put the entirety of its remaining 49% noncontrolling interest in eurosport to the company for €491 million ($551 million as of the date redemption became mandatory). the transaction closed on october 1, 2015 for $548 million. (see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.)
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in item 303(a)(4) of regulation s-k) that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
related party transactions in the ordinary course of business we enter into transactions with related parties, primarily our equity method investees and liberty entities. information regarding transactions and amounts with related parties is discussed in note 19 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting and reporting pronouncements we adopted certain accounting and reporting standards during 2016. information regarding our adoption of new accounting and reporting standards is discussed in note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k and accompanying notes. management considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to reporting our financial condition and results of operations, and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management and the related disclosures have been reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors of the company. we consider policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies:
•   revenue recognition;
•   goodwill and intangible assets;
•   income taxes;
•   content rights;
•   equity-based compensation; and
•   equity method investments.
with respect to our accounting policy for goodwill, we further supplement disclosures in note 2 with the following:
goodwill is allocated to our reporting units, which are our operating segments or one level below our operating segments (the component level). reporting units are determined by the discrete financial information available for the component and whether it is regularly reviewed by segment management. components are aggregated into a single reporting unit if they share similar economic characteristics. our reporting units are as follows: u.s. networks, europe, latin america, asia-pacific, education, and studios.
we evaluate our goodwill for impairment annually as of november 30 or earlier upon the occurrence of substantive unfavorable changes in economic conditions, industry trends, costs, cash flows, or ongoing declines in market capitalization. if we believe that as a result of our qualitative assessment it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is not required.
for 2016, we performed a quantitative goodwill impairment test for our reporting units based on our policy of performing a quantitative impairment test every three years, irrespective of the outcome of the qualitative assessment. the quantitative impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, the assignment of assets, liabilities and goodwill to reporting units, and the determination of fair value of each reporting unit. the first step of the test requires the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. in performing the first step, we determined the fair value of our reporting units by using a combination of discounted cash flow ("dcf") analyses and market-based valuation
58
methodologies. determining fair value requires the company to make judgments about appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates, relevant comparable company earnings multiples and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. the cash flows employed in the dcf analysis for each reporting unit are based on the reporting unit's budget, long-term business plan, and recent operating performance. discount rate assumptions are based on an assessment of the risk inherent in the future cash flows of the respective reporting unit and market conditions. given the inherent uncertainty in determining the assumptions underlying a dcf analysis, actual results may differ from those used in our valuations. in assessing the reasonableness of the determined fair values, we also reconciled the aggregate determined fair value of the company to the company's market capitalization, which included a 14% control premium.
the net assets assigned to each of our reporting units included corporate allocations. these assets and liabilities include corporate enterprise goodwill and intangible assets, allocated to each reporting unit based on the relative fair value of each reporting unit at inception, and deferred taxes and content, allocated to each reporting unit based on the jurisdiction that gave rise to the deferred tax balance or is using the content asset.
for the current year test, the fair value of the reporting units exceeded the respective carrying values by 12% to 83% ("headroom"). significant assumptions used in the dcf and market-based models included exchange rates used in the long range plan ("lrp"), discount rates that ranged from 9% to 12.5%, and guideline company earnings multiples and control premiums. an increase in the discount and decrease in the long-term growth rates of 0.5% would result in the fair value of the reporting units exceeding their respective carrying values by 5% to 82%.
the europe reporting unit, which had headroom of 12%, was the only reporting unit with fair value in excess of carrying value of less than 20%. as of december 31, 2016, the carrying value of goodwill assigned to the europe reporting unit was $2.2 billion. management will continue to monitor this reporting unit for changes in the business environment that could impact recoverability. the recoverability of goodwill is dependent upon the continued growth of cash flows from our business activities. see item 1a, "risk factors" for details on all significant risks that could impact the company's ability to successfully grow its cash flows. most significantly, changes in foreign exchange rates impact on the calculation of fair value in excess of carrying value for step 1 of the goodwill impairment test. as the europe reporting unit operates in foreign markets with various functional currencies and has significant u.s. dollar denominated assets, a strengthening of the u.s. dollar negatively impacts the fair value of the reporting unit and the calculation of excess carrying value.
for an in depth discussion of each of our significant accounting policies, including our critical accounting policies and further information regarding estimates and assumptions involved in their application, see note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data" in this annual report on form 10-k.
