item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.
forward-looking statements the annual reports on form 10-k, including the documents incorporated by reference, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. we intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and are including this statement for purposes of complying with those safe harbor provisions. such statements are contained principally, but not only, under the captions "business-business and growth strategies," "risk factors" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." we caution investors that any such forward-looking statements are based on beliefs and on assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management. when used, the words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "might," "plan," "project," "result," "should," "will" and similar expressions which do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking statements. such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions and are not guarantees of future performance, which may be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected by the forward-looking statements. we caution you that, while forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs when we make them, they are not guarantees of future performance and are impacted by actual events when they occur after we make such statements. accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on forward-looking statements, which are based on results and trends at the time they are made, to anticipate future results or trends.
some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include, among others, the following:
•   if there is a negative change in the economy including but not limited to a reversal of current job growth trends and an increase in unemployment, it could have a negative effect on the following, among other things:
•   the fundamentals of our business, including overall market occupancy, tenant space utilization, and rental rates;
•   the financial condition of our tenants, many of which are financial, legal, media/telecommunication, technology and other professional firms, our lenders, counterparties to our derivative financial instruments and institutions that hold our cash balances and short-term investments, which may expose us to increased risks of default by these parties; and
•   the value of our real estate assets, which may limit our ability to dispose of assets at attractive prices or obtain or maintain debt financing secured by our properties or on an unsecured basis;
•   general risks affecting the real estate industry (including, without limitation, the inability to enter into or renew leases, tenant space utilization, dependence on tenants' financial condition, and competition from other developers, owners and operators of real estate);
•   failure to manage effectively our growth and expansion into new markets and sub-markets or to integrate acquisitions and developments successfully;
•   the ability of our joint venture partners to satisfy their obligations;
•   risks and uncertainties affecting property development and construction (including, without limitation, construction delays, increased construction costs, cost overruns, inability to obtain necessary permits, tenant accounting considerations that may result in negotiated lease provisions that limit a tenant's liability during construction, and public opposition to such activities);
•   risks associated with the availability and terms of financing and the use of debt to fund acquisitions and developments or refinance existing indebtedness, including the impact of higher interest rates on the cost and/or availability of financing;
•   risks associated with forward interest rate contracts and the effectiveness of such arrangements;
•   risks associated with downturns in the national and local economies, increases in interest rates, and volatility in the securities markets;
•   risks associated with actual or threatened terrorist attacks;
•   costs of compliance with the americans with disabilities act and other similar laws;
43
•   potential liability for uninsured losses and environmental contamination;
•   risks associated with security breaches through cyber attacks, cyber intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (it) networks and related systems, which support our operations and our buildings;
•   risks associated with bxp's potential failure to qualify as a reit under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended;
•   possible adverse changes in tax and environmental laws;
•   the impact of newly adopted accounting principles on our accounting policies and on period-to-period comparisons of financial results;
•   risks associated with possible state and local tax audits; and
•   risks associated with our dependence on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed.
the risks set forth above are not exhaustive. other sections of this report, including "part i, item 1a-risk factors," include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. new risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict all risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. investors should also refer to our quarterly reports on form 10-q for future periods and current reports on form 8-k as we file them with the sec, and to other materials we may furnish to the public from time to time through current reports on form 8-k or otherwise, for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements. we expressly disclaim any responsibility to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events, or otherwise, and you should not rely upon these forward-looking statements after the date of this report.
overview bxp is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed reit and one of the largest owners and developers of class a office properties in the united states. bplp is the entity through which bxp conducts substantially all of its business and owns (either directly or through subsidiaries) substantially all of its assets. our properties are concentrated in four markets-boston, new york, san francisco and washington, dc. we generate revenue and cash primarily by leasing class a office space to our tenants. factors we consider when we lease space include the creditworthiness of the tenant, the length of the lease, the rental rate to be paid at inception and throughout the lease term, the costs of tenant improvements and other landlord concessions, current and anticipated operating costs and real estate taxes, our current and anticipated vacancy, current and anticipated future demand for office space and general economic factors. from time to time, we also generate cash through the strategic sale of assets depending on market conditions.
our core strategy has always been to own, operate and develop properties in supply-constrained markets with high barriers-to-entry and to focus on executing long-term leases with financially strong tenants. historically, this combination has tended to reduce our exposure in down cycles and enhance revenues as market conditions improve. to be successful in any leasing environment, we believe all aspects of the tenant-landlord relationship must be considered. in this regard, we believe that our understanding of tenants' short- and long-term space utilization and amenity needs in the local markets in which we operate, our relationships with local brokers, our reputation as a premier developer, owner and operator of class a office properties, our financial strength and our ability to maintain high building standards provide us with a competitive advantage.
outlook we own and manage many significant buildings with large tenants, and several of these tenants' leases expired in 2015 or will expire in 2016. in some cases, we expect it will take time to reposition, market and/or reach an agreement with desired tenants to re-lease this space. we are planning proactive repositionings of several of our properties, including the retail and low-rise portions of 601 lexington avenue and 399 park avenue in new york city, 100 federal street in boston, and 1330 connecticut avenue and metropolitan square in washington, dc, and we expect they will require significant investments and, in some cases, necessitate that space is vacated. for these reasons, despite the overall roll-up in rents on newly signed leases, we expect our projected 2016 growth in net operating income ("noi") from our same property portfolio to be relatively flat compared to 2015. however, given our lease-up opportunities in the same property portfolio and expected contributions from our development deliveries, we believe we are well positioned to deliver significant revenue growth in 2017.
44
during the fourth quarter of 2015, we signed leases across our regions totaling approximately 1.4 million square feet, which is consistent with our 10-year average, and our overall occupancy improved slightly from 91.3% at september 30, 2015 to 91.4% at december 31, 2015. in addition, we realized roll-up in rents on second generation leases driven in particular by strong roll-ups in boston and san francisco, but also in new york and washington, dc.
our capital strategy remains largely unchanged. we plan to continue to invest more in higher yielding new developments than acquisitions of existing buildings for which pricing has remained consistent at yields that do not meet our desired return levels. we currently have eleven development projects under construction/redevelopment representing approximately 4.6 million square feet and an estimated total investment of approximately $2.6 billion. in addition, we have significant land holdings that we will continue to move through the design and permitting process and add selectively to our development pipeline. however, given current market conditions, in general we expect we would only commence new construction with significant pre-leasing commitments. the combination of the successful execution of our asset disposition strategy and the delivery of higher yielding development projects over the past three years has resulted in a meaningful decrease in our leverage. as our development deliveries stabilize, we expect our leverage to decrease even further creating significant investment capacity for additional development and opportunistic acquisitions. although we expect to continue to sell non-core assets and assets for which we can achieve extraordinary pricing, we expect that the gross value of assets sold in 2016 will be less than half of the approximately $584 million of assets we sold in 2015.
a brief overview of each of our markets follows.
new york our overall expectations for the midtown manhattan market and the leasing activity in our portfolio have been generally consistent for the past two years. in 2014 we made the decision to proactively work with our larger existing tenants with upcoming lease expirations to sign new long-term leases but also provide them with early relief in the form of space reductions. we expected (and have seen) the overall market to experience large block availabilities primarily from the addition of new supply, and we believe that our decision to commence discussions with these tenants has been mutually beneficial to them and the value of our assets. although our overall expectation for the market continues to be relatively restrained compared to boston and san francisco, we are experiencing consistent demand for premium space and the majority of our availability and pending roll-over in the next few years are in spaces that would currently lease for gross rents in excess of $100 per square foot. in addition to the repositionings mentioned above, we are addressing the pending roll-over in the high-rise and retail space at 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) and the approximately 85,000 square feet of vacant space at 250 west 55th street resulting from the termination agreement we signed on february 3, 2016 with a tenant in exchange for an approximately $45 million payment. we expect our same property portfolio noi growth to be negatively impacted in the near term by these factors, but remain confident that our strategy for these assets will result in stronger long-term growth.
boston the greater boston region continues to attract life science and established technology companies, as well as start-up technology and maker organizations. the east cambridge office and lab markets have been the largest beneficiaries of this growth as overall direct vacancy is now less than 4% and office rents continue to reach new peaks. the vacancy in our east cambridge properties is even less than the overall submarket at 0.6%. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we successfully increased the zoning at our kendall center developments that could or may eventually allow us to develop approximately 540,000 square feet of office space and approximately 400,000 square feet of residential space. given the high demand and lack of available space, we are already in active discussions with various existing tenants that are growing and in need of future space.
because we are essentially fully leased in cambridge, the majority of our recent leasing activity was in our suburban waltham/lexington market where the market continues to get stronger due to the organic growth of our existing tenant base and other tenants in the market looking to expand. rents in this submarket continue to grow and have increased approximately 25% over the last 18 months. our current development projects are essentially 100% pre-leased and scheduled for delivery in mid to late 2016.
45
the boston central business district ("cbd") market is strong and much of the available supply has been absorbed over the past few years though there is some speculative development in the seaport submarket. we addressed one of our largest vacancies by completing a multi-tenant transaction at 100 federal street resulting in the base of the building being fully leased. our largest vacancy exposures remain at 120 st. james street (the low rise portion of our 200 clarendon street property) and 200 clarendon street. however, we are confident in our leasing strategy for these spaces as a number of tenants are considering leasing a portion or all of the approximately170,000 square feet of space at 120 st. james street, and we are currently negotiating leases at 200 clarendon street that, when completed, would leave us with approximately 90,000 square feet of available space on three high-rise floors and approximately 110,000 square feet of available space in the mid-rise portion of the building.
finally, in october 2015, a joint venture in which we have a 50% interest commenced construction of the hub on causeway at north station, which will contain approximately 385,000 net rentable square feet of retail and office space. we have signed leases for 63% of the approximately 200,000 square feet of retail space and are negotiating leases for another 85,000 square feet of retail and office space.
san francisco the san francisco (the "city") leasing market remains healthy and, while leasing volume in 2015 was not as large as during the record year of 2014, there has been a consistently strong level of overall activity since the end of the second quarter of 2015 and the city's overall vacancy rate is less than 6%. in the city, tech demand continues to lead the transaction volume and accounted for approximately 52% of the activity. however, we are also executing leases with tenants in a variety of industries. for example, we continue to make progress in pre-leasing at salesforce tower where we signed leases for an additional 102,000 square feet with venture capital and management consulting businesses bringing our pre-leasing to 59%.  we are also having discussions with companies in various non-tech industries for single or multi-floor leases representing an additional 300,000 square feet of the remaining available space, but many of these tenants' requirements are lease-expiration driven for occupancy at the end of 2017 or early 2018 and therefore could take longer to evaluate their options and make decisions.
with our 535 mission street and 690 folsom street development projects fully placed in-service in the fourth quarter of 2015 at 99% and 100% leased (including leases with future commencement dates), respectively, our near-term focus will remain on the lease-up of salesforce tower and future roll-over at embarcadero center where we expect significant roll up in rents from in-place rents that are well below current market rents.
the supply-demand imbalance has resulted in speculative construction in the city. however, if the two pending development projects in the city's permitting process are approved, the amount of new development permitted under proposition m (which is currently less than 1.75 million square feet) will be fully depleted, thereby further limiting an already tight supply. over the longer term, we will continue to seek new development opportunities to bolster our future pipeline.
washington, dc overall market conditions in the washington cbd have not changed in any meaningful way over the past few quarters. leasing activity remains very competitive and slow primarily because there has been no significant increase in demand. although some additional gsa-related demand is expected, their economic limits may result in the gsa leasing space outside the traditional cbd market. with respect to our properties, our largest roll-over exposure is at metropolitan square where we have approximately 120,000 square feet expiring during the first quarter of 2016. we recently completed a lease transaction for approximately 118,000 square feet of that space, and we are planning a repositioning of this building, including updates to its lobby and common areas, that we believe will enhance the marketability and value of the building. we are also actively pursuing tenants to lease the remaining 47,000 square feet of vacancy at 601 massachusetts avenue, which we partially placed in-service in august 2015 and is currently 90% leased.
approximately two-thirds of our regional leasing activity in the fourth quarter of 2015 was in northern virginia, including some gsa renewals in springfield, some expansions at kingstowne by gsa contractor tenants and other small transactions at reston town center. our reston town center properties are 97% leased and continue to command a premium compared to the rents realized in nearby submarkets. in july 2015, we commenced construction on our reston signature site residential project located in reston town center and we are pursuing a lead tenant for our planned 275,000 square foot office building on an adjacent site.
46
leasing statistics the table below details the leases that commenced during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015:
three months ended december 31, 2015             twelve months ended december 31, 2015
total square feet vacant space available at the beginning of the period                             3,594,790                                         3,442,468
property dispositions/properties taken out of service                              (437,700              )                           (510,958              )
properties placed in-service                                                        240,878                                           910,701
leases expiring or terminated during the period                                   1,192,685                                         5,978,338
total space available for lease                                                   4,590,653                                         9,820,549
1st generation leases                                                                67,601                                         1,085,513
2nd generation leases with new tenants                                              413,989                                         2,779,268
2nd generation lease renewals                                                       578,150                                         2,424,855
total space leased (1)                                                            1,059,740                                         6,289,636
vacant space available for lease at the end of the period                         3,530,913                                         3,530,913
leases executed during the period, in square feet (2)                             1,352,129                                         5,245,667
second generation leasing information: (3)
leases commencing during the period, in square feet                                 992,139                                         5,204,123
weighted average lease term                                                       89 months                                         99 months weighted average free rent period                                                   34 days                                           44 days total transaction costs per square foot (4)                                          $35.31                                            $45.41
increase in gross rents (5)                                                           12.93              %                               6.69              %
increase in net rents (6)                                                             18.34              %                               9.51              %
__________________
(1)   represents leases for which rental revenue recognition has commenced in accordance to gaap during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015.
(2)   represents leases executed during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015 for which the company either (1) commenced rental revenue recognition in such period or (2) will commence rental revenue recognition in subsequent periods, in accordance with gaap, and includes leases at properties currently under development. the total square feet of leases executed and recognized in the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015 is 123,589 and 966,489, respectively.
(3)   second generation leases are defined as leases for space that had previously been under lease by us. of the 992,139 and 5,204,123 square feet of second generation leases that commenced during the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015, respectively, 885,750 and 4,294,983 square feet were signed in prior periods for the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015, respectively.
(4)   total transaction costs include tenant improvements and leasing commissions and exclude free rent concessions and other inducements in accordance with gaap.
(5)   represents the increase in gross rent (base rent plus expense reimbursements) on the new versus expired leases on the 811,210 and 4,075,956 square feet of second generation leases that had been occupied within the prior 12 months for the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015, respectively; excludes leases that management considers temporary because the tenant is not expected to occupy the space on a long-term basis.
(6)   represents the increase in net rent (gross rent less operating expenses) on the new versus expired leases on the 811,210 and 4,075,956 square feet of second generation leases that had been occupied within the prior 12 months for the three and twelve months ended december 31, 2015, respectively; excludes leases that management considers temporary because the tenant is not expected to occupy the space on a long-term basis.
for descriptions of significant transactions that we completed during 2015, see "item 1. business-transactions during 2015."
47
critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, or gaap, requires management to use judgment in the application of accounting policies, including making estimates and assumptions. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. these judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions had been different, it is possible that different accounting policies would have been applied resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. from time to time, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual results, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information. below is a discussion of accounting policies that we consider critical in that they may require complex judgment in their application or require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
real estate upon acquisitions of real estate that constitutes a business, which includes the consolidation of previously unconsolidated joint ventures, we assess the fair value of acquired tangible and intangible assets, (including land, buildings, tenant improvements, "above-" and "below-market" leases, leasing and assumed financing origination costs, acquired in-place leases, other identified intangible assets and assumed liabilities) and allocate the purchase price to the acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including land and buildings as if vacant. we assess and consider fair value based on estimated cash flow projections that utilize discount and/or capitalization rates that we deem appropriate, as well as available market information. estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, known and anticipated trends, and market and economic conditions.
the fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property considers the value of the property as if it were vacant. we also consider an allocation of purchase price of other acquired intangibles, including acquired in-place leases that may have a customer relationship intangible value, including (but not limited to) the nature and extent of the existing relationship with the tenants, the tenants' credit quality and expectations of lease renewals. based on our acquisitions to date, our allocation to customer relationship intangible assets has been immaterial.
we record acquired "above-" and "below-market" leases at their fair values (using a discount rate which reflects the risks associated with the leases acquired) equal to the difference between (1) the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to each in-place lease and (2) management's estimate of fair market lease rates for each corresponding in-place lease, measured over a period equal to the remaining term of the lease for above-market leases and the initial term plus the term of any below-market fixed rate renewal options for below-market leases. acquired "above-" and "below-market" lease values have been reflected within prepaid expenses and other assets and other liabilities, respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets. other intangible assets acquired include amounts for in-place lease values that are based on our evaluation of the specific characteristics of each tenant's lease. factors to be considered include estimates of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods considering current market conditions, and costs to execute similar leases. in estimating carrying costs, we include real estate taxes, insurance and other operating expenses and estimates of lost rentals at market rates during the expected lease-up periods, depending on local market conditions. in estimating costs to execute similar leases, we consider leasing commissions, legal and other related expenses.
management reviews its long-lived assets for impairment every quarter and when there is an event or change in circumstances that indicates an impairment in value. an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of its assets is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. if such criteria are present, an impairment loss is recognized based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. the evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding anticipated hold periods, future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. since cash flows on properties considered to be "long-lived assets to be held and used" are considered on an undiscounted basis to determine whether an asset has been impaired, our established strategy of holding properties over the long term directly decreases the likelihood of recording an impairment loss. if our hold strategy changes or market conditions otherwise dictate an earlier sale date, an impairment loss may be recognized and such loss could be material. if we determine that an impairment has occurred, the affected assets must be reduced to their fair value, less cost to sell.
guidance in accounting standards codification ("asc") 360 "property plant and equipment" ("asc 360") requires that qualifying assets and liabilities and the results of operations that have been sold, or otherwise qualify as "held for sale," be presented as discontinued operations in all periods presented if the property operations are expected to be eliminated and we
48
will not have significant continuing involvement following the sale. the components of the property's net income that is reflected as discontinued operations include the net gain (or loss) upon the disposition of the property held for sale, operating results, depreciation and interest expense (if the property is subject to a secured loan). we generally consider assets to be "held for sale" when the transaction has been approved by the board of directors of bxp, or a committee thereof, and there are no known significant contingencies relating to the sale, such that a sale of the property within one year is considered probable. following the classification of a property as "held for sale," no further depreciation is recorded on the assets, and the asset is written down to the lower of carrying value or fair market value, less cost to sell. on april 10, 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-08, "reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity" ("asu 2014-08"). asu 2014-08 clarifies that discontinued operations presentation applies only to disposals representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity). asu 2014-08 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2014. early adoption is permitted, and we early adopted asu 2014-08 during the first quarter of 2014. our adoption of asu 2014-08 resulted in the operating results and gains on sales of real estate from operating properties sold during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 not being reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
real estate is stated at depreciated cost. a variety of costs are incurred in the acquisition, development and leasing of properties. the cost of buildings and improvements includes the purchase price of property, legal fees and other acquisition costs. we expense costs that we incur to effect a business combination such as legal, due diligence and other closing related costs. costs directly related to the development of properties are capitalized. capitalized development costs include interest, internal wages, property taxes, insurance, and other project costs incurred during the period of development. after the determination is made to capitalize a cost, it is allocated to the specific component of a project that is benefited. determination of when a development project commences and capitalization begins, and when a development project is substantially complete and held available for occupancy and capitalization must cease, involves a degree of judgment. our capitalization policy on development properties is guided by guidance in asc 835-20 "capitalization of interest" and asc 970 "real estate-general." the costs of land and buildings under development include specifically identifiable costs.
the capitalized costs include pre-construction costs necessary to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs and other costs incurred during the period of development. we begin the capitalization of costs during the pre-construction period which we define as activities that are necessary to the development of the property. we consider a construction project as substantially completed and held available for occupancy upon the completion of tenant improvements, but no later than one year from cessation of major construction activity. we cease capitalization on the portion (1) substantially completed, (2) occupied or held available for occupancy, and we capitalize only those costs associated with the portion under construction or (3) if activities necessary for the development of the property have been suspended.
investments in unconsolidated joint ventures we consolidate variable interest entities ("vies") in which we are considered to be the primary beneficiary. vies are entities in which the equity investors do not have sufficient equity at risk to finance their endeavors without additional financial support or that the holders of the equity investment at risk do not have a controlling financial interest. the primary beneficiary is defined by the entity having both of the following characteristics: (1) the power to direct the activities that, when taken together, most significantly impact the variable interest entity's performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses and right to receive the returns from the variable interest entity that would be significant to the variable interest entity. for ventures that are not vies, we consolidate entities for which we have significant decision making control over the ventures' operations. our judgment with respect to our level of influence or control of an entity involves the consideration of various factors including the form of our ownership interest, our representation in the entity's governance, the size of our investment (including loans), estimates of future cash flows, our ability to participate in policy making decisions and the rights of the other investors to participate in the decision making process and to replace us as manager and/or liquidate the venture, if applicable. our assessment of our influence or control over an entity affects the presentation of these investments in our consolidated financial statements. in addition to evaluating control rights, we consolidate entities in which the outside partner has no substantive kick-out rights to remove us as the managing member.
accounts of the consolidated entity are included in our accounts and the noncontrolling interest is reflected on the consolidated balance sheets as a component of equity or in temporary equity between liabilities and equity. investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in earnings and cash contributions and distributions. any difference between the carrying amount of these investments on the balance sheet and the underlying equity in net assets is amortized as an adjustment to equity in earnings of unconsolidated joint ventures over the life of the related asset. under the equity method of accounting, our net equity investment is reflected within the consolidated
49
balance sheets, and our share of net income or loss from the joint ventures is included within the consolidated statements of operations. the joint venture agreements may designate different percentage allocations among investors for profits and losses; however, our recognition of joint venture income or loss generally follows the joint venture's distribution priorities, which may change upon the achievement of certain investment return thresholds. we may account for cash distributions in excess of our investment in an unconsolidated joint venture as income when we are not the general partner in a limited partnership and when we have neither the requirement nor the intent to provide financial support to the joint venture. our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures are reviewed for impairment periodically and we record impairment charges when events or circumstances change indicating that a decline in the fair values below the carrying values has occurred and such decline is other-than-temporary. the ultimate realization of the investment in unconsolidated joint ventures is dependent on a number of factors, including the performance of each investment and market conditions. we will record an impairment charge if we determine that a decline in the value below the carrying value of an investment in an unconsolidated joint venture is other-than-temporary.
to the extent that we contribute assets to a joint venture, our investment in the joint venture is recorded at our cost basis in the assets that were contributed to the joint venture. to the extent that our cost basis is different than the basis reflected at the joint venture level, the basis difference is amortized over the life of the related asset and included in our share of equity in net income of the joint venture. in accordance with the provisions of asc 970-323 "investments-equity method and joint ventures" ("asc 970-323"), we will recognize gains on the contribution of real estate to joint ventures, relating solely to the outside partner's interest, to the extent the economic substance of the transaction is a sale.
the combined summarized financial information of the unconsolidated joint ventures is disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition in general, we commence rental revenue recognition when the tenant takes possession of the leased space and the leased space is substantially ready for its intended use. contractual rental revenue is reported on a straight-line basis over the terms of our respective leases. we recognize rental revenue of acquired in-place "above-" and "below-market" leases at their fair values over the original term of the respective leases. accrued rental income as reported on the consolidated balance sheets represents rental income recognized in excess of rent payments actually received pursuant to the terms of the individual lease agreements.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact of the net adjustments of rents from "above-" and "below-market" leases increased rental revenue by approximately $35.9 million. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the impact of the straight-line rent adjustment increased rental revenue by approximately $80.0 million. those amounts exclude the adjustment of rents from "above-" and "below-market" leases and straight-line income from unconsolidated joint ventures, which are disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
our leasing strategy is generally to secure creditworthy tenants that meet our underwriting guidelines. furthermore, following the initiation of a lease, we continue to actively monitor the tenant's creditworthiness to ensure that all tenant related assets are recorded at their realizable value. when assessing tenant credit quality, we:
•   review relevant financial information, including:
•   financial ratios;
•   net worth;
•   revenue;
•   cash flows;
•   leverage; and
•   liquidity;
•   evaluate the depth and experience of the tenant's management team; and
•   assess the strength/growth of the tenant's industry.
as a result of the underwriting process, tenants are then categorized into one of three categories:
(1)   acceptable-risk tenants;
(2)   the tenant's credit is such that we may require collateral, in which case we:
•   may require a security deposit; and/or
•   may reduce upfront tenant improvement investments; or
50
(3)   the tenant's credit is below our acceptable parameters.
we consistently monitor the credit quality of our tenant base. we provide an allowance for doubtful accounts arising from estimated losses that could result from the tenant's inability to make required current rent payments and an allowance against accrued rental income for future potential losses that we deem to be unrecoverable over the term of the lease.
tenants are assigned a credit rating of 1 through 4. a rating of 1 represents the highest possible rating and no allowance is recorded. a rating of 4 represents the lowest credit rating, in which case we record a full reserve against the receivable and accrued rent balances. among the factors considered in determining the credit rating include:
•   payment history;
•   credit status and change in status (credit ratings for public companies are used as a primary metric);
•   change in tenant space needs (i.e., expansion/downsize);
•   tenant financial performance;
•   economic conditions in a specific geographic region; and
•   industry specific credit considerations.
if our estimates of collectability differ from the cash received, the timing and amount of our reported revenue could be impacted. the average remaining term of our in-place tenant leases, including unconsolidated joint ventures, was approximately 6.9 years as of december 31, 2015. the credit risk is mitigated by the high quality of our existing tenant base, reviews of prospective tenants' risk profiles prior to lease execution and consistent monitoring of our portfolio to identify potential problem tenants.
recoveries from tenants, consisting of amounts due from tenants for common area maintenance, real estate taxes and other recoverable costs, are recognized as revenue in the period during which the expenses are incurred. tenant reimbursements are recognized and presented in accordance with guidance in asc 605-45 "principal agent considerations" ("asc 605-45"). asc 605-45 requires that these reimbursements be recorded on a gross basis, as we are generally the primary obligor with respect to purchasing goods and services from third-party suppliers, have discretion in selecting the supplier and have credit risk. we also receive reimbursement of payroll and payroll related costs from third parties which we reflect on a net basis.
our parking revenues are derived from leases, monthly parking and transient parking. we recognize parking revenue as earned.
our hotel revenues are derived from room rentals and other sources such as charges to guests for telephone service, movie and vending commissions, meeting and banquet room revenue and laundry services. hotel revenues are recognized as earned.
we receive management and development fees from third parties. property management fees are recorded and earned based on a percentage of collected rents at the properties under management, and not on a straight-line basis, because such fees are contingent upon the collection of rents. we review each development agreement and record development fees as earned depending on the risk associated with each project. profit on development fees earned from joint venture projects are recognized as revenue to the extent of the third-party partners' ownership interest.
gains on sales of real estate are recognized pursuant to the provisions included in asc 360-20 "real estate sales" ("asc 360-20"). the specific timing of the sale is measured against various criteria in asc 360-20 related to the terms of the transaction and any continuing involvement in the form of management or financial assistance associated with the properties. if the sales criteria for the full accrual method are not met, we defer some or all of the gain recognition and account for the continued operations of the property by applying the finance, leasing, profit sharing, deposit, installment or cost recovery methods, as appropriate, until the sales criteria are met.
depreciation and amortization we compute depreciation and amortization on our properties using the straight-line method based on estimated useful asset lives. we allocate the acquisition cost of real estate to its components and depreciate or amortize these assets over their useful lives. the amortization of acquired "above-" and "below-market" leases and acquired in-place leases is recorded as an adjustment to revenue and depreciation and amortization, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations.
51
fair value of financial instruments the carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, escrows, receivables, accounts payable, accrued expenses and other assets and liabilities are reasonable estimates of their fair values because of the short maturities of these instruments.
we follow the authoritative guidance for fair value measurements when valuing our financial instruments for disclosure purposes. bplp determine the fair value of its unsecured senior notes using market prices. the inputs used in determining the fair value of bplp's unsecured senior notes is categorized at a level 1 basis (as defined in the accounting standards for fair value measurements and disclosures) due to the fact that we use quoted market rates to value these instruments. however, the inputs used in determining the fair value could be categorized at a level 2 basis if trading volumes are low. we determine the fair value of our mortgage notes payable using discounted cash flow analyses by discounting the spread between the future contractual interest payments and hypothetical future interest payments on mortgage debt based on current market rates for similar securities. in determining the current market rates, we add our estimates of market spreads to the quoted yields on federal government treasury securities with similar maturity dates to our debt. the inputs used in determining the fair value of our mortgage notes payable and mezzanine notes payable are categorized at a level 3 basis (as defined in the accounting standards for fair value measurements and disclosures) due to the fact that we consider the rates used in the valuation techniques to be unobservable inputs.
derivative instruments and hedging activities derivative instruments and hedging activities require management to make judgments on the nature of its derivatives and their effectiveness as hedges. these judgments determine if the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments are reported in the consolidated statements of operations as a component of net income or as a component of comprehensive income and as a component of equity on the consolidated balance sheets. while management believes its judgments are reasonable, a change in a derivative's effectiveness as a hedge could materially affect expenses, net income and equity. we account for the effective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative in other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassify the effective portion to earnings over the term that the hedged transaction affects earnings. we account for the ineffective portion of changes in the fair value of a derivative directly in earnings.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion concerning new accounting pronouncements which may have an effect on our consolidated financial statements (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements).
results of operations the following discussion is based on our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
at december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we owned or had interests in a portfolio of 168, 169 and 175 properties, respectively (in each case, the "total property portfolio"). as a result of changes within our total property portfolio, the financial data presented below shows significant changes in revenue and expenses from period-to-period. accordingly, we do not believe that our period-to-period financial data with respect to the total property portfolio are necessarily meaningful. therefore, the comparison of operating results for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 show separately the changes attributable to the properties that were owned by us and in service throughout each period compared (the "same property portfolio") and the changes attributable to the properties included in the placed in-service, acquired or consolidated, development or redevelopment or sold portfolios.
in our analysis of operating results, particularly to make comparisons of net operating income between periods meaningful, it is important to provide information for properties that were in-service and owned by us throughout each period presented. we refer to properties acquired or consolidated or placed in-service prior to the beginning of the earliest period presented and owned by us and in service through the end of the latest period presented as our same property portfolio. the same property portfolio therefore excludes properties placed in-service, acquired or consolidated, or in development or redevelopment after the beginning of the earliest period presented or disposed of prior to the end of the latest period presented.
net operating income, or noi, is a non-gaap financial measure, and it is not indicative of cash available to fund cash needs and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows as a measure of liquidity. we consider noi to be an appropriate supplemental measure because it helps both investors and management to understand the core operations of our properties. we use noi internally as a performance measure and believe it provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. therefore, we believe noi is a useful measure for evaluating the operating performance of our real estate assets.
52
our management also uses noi to evaluate regional property level performance and to make decisions about resource allocations. further, we believe noi is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, noi reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspectives not immediately apparent from net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders and net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders.
noi excludes certain components, including interest and other income, development and management services income, general and administrative expenses, transaction costs, impairment loss, interest expense, depreciation and amortization expense, gains (losses) from investments in securities, gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt, income from unconsolidated joint ventures, gains on consolidation of joint ventures, discontinued operations, gains on sales of real estate, noncontrolling interests and preferred dividends/distributions as internal reporting addresses these items on a corporate level. for example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property level. in addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. noi presented by us may not be comparable to noi reported by other reits that define noi differently. we believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, noi should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders and net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders as presented in our consolidated financial statements. noi should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders or net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders. for a reconciliation of noi to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders and net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders, see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
the gains on sales of real estate, impairment losses and depreciation expense may differ between bxp and bplp as a result of previously applied acquisition accounting by bxp for the issuance of common stock in connection with non-sponsor op unit redemptions by bplp.  this accounting resulted in a step-up of the real estate assets at bxp that was allocated to certain properties.  the difference between the real estate assets of bxp as compared to bplp for certain properties having an allocation of the real estate step-up will result in a corresponding difference in the gains on sales of real estate, impairment losses and depreciation expense when those properties are sold. for additional information see the explanatory note.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2015 to the year ended december 31, 2014
the table below shows selected operating information for the same property portfolio and the total property portfolio. the same property portfolio consists of 141 properties totaling approximately 37.1 million net rentable square feet of space, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. the same property portfolio includes properties acquired or consolidated or placed in-service on or prior to january 1, 2014 and owned and in service through december 31, 2015. the total property portfolio includes the effects of the other properties either placed in-service, acquired or consolidated or in development or redevelopment after january 1, 2014 or disposed of on or prior to december 31, 2015. this table includes a reconciliation from the same property portfolio to the total property portfolio by also providing information for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 with respect to the properties which were placed in-service, acquired or consolidated, in development or redevelopment or sold. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we did not have any properties that were acquired or consolidated.
53
same property portfolio                        propertiesplaced in-serviceportfolio                         properties indevelopment orredevelopmentportfolio                     properties sold portfolio                                                                  total property portfolio
(dollars in thousands)                                               2015   2014                             increase/(decrease)             %change   2015                                                 2014                              2015   2014                                    2015                  2014                    2015                    2014                              increase/                   %
(decrease)              change rental revenue:
rental revenue                                             $2,226,478              $2,194,353                   $32,125                   1.46     %            $116,818                         $42,390                            $661                                  $2,195                   $20,487                 $51,772                $2,364,444              $2,290,710             $73,734                3.22     %
termination income                                             38,894                  11,223                    27,671                 246.56     %                   -                             171                               -                                       -                         -                       -                    38,894                  11,394              27,500              241.36     %
total rental revenue                                        2,265,372               2,205,576                    59,796                   2.71     %             116,818                          42,561                             661                                   2,195                    20,487                  51,772                 2,403,338               2,302,104             101,234                4.40     %
real estate operating expenses                                816,830                 781,114                    35,716                   4.57     %              37,998                          17,382                             254                                   1,005                     8,943                  19,867                   864,025                 819,368              44,657                5.45     %
net operating income, excluding residential and hotel       1,448,542               1,424,462                    24,080                   1.69     %              78,820                          25,179                             407                                   1,190                    11,544                  31,905                 1,539,313               1,482,736              56,577                3.82     %
residential net operating income (1)                            2,645                   2,571       74                                    2.88     %               6,801                           1,311                               -                                       -                     1,210                   6,389                    10,656                  10,271       385                          3.75     %
hotel net operating income (1)                                 13,962                  14,149                      (187        )         (1.32    )%                   -                               -                               -                                       -                         -                       -                    13,962                  14,149                (187     )         (1.32    )%
consolidated net operating income (1)                      $1,465,149              $1,441,182                   $23,967                   1.66     %             $85,621                         $26,490                            $407                                  $1,190                   $12,754                 $38,294                $1,563,931              $1,507,156             $56,775                3.77     %
_______________
(1)   for a detailed discussion of noi, including the reasons management believes noi is useful to investors, see page 52. residential net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 are comprised of residential revenue of $18,883 and $26,193 less residential expenses of $8,227 and $15,922, respectively. hotel net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 are comprised of hotel revenue of $46,046 and $43,385 less hotel expenses of $32,084 and $29,236, respectively, per the consolidated statements of operations.
54
boston properties, inc.
the following is a reconciliation of consolidated net operating income to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders (in thousands):
total property portfolio
2015                    2014                                increase/                     %
(decrease)                change consolidated net operating income                                                          $1,563,931              $1,507,156               $56,775                  3.77     %
other revenue:
development and management services                                                            22,554                  25,316                (2,762     )          (10.91    )%
other expenses:
general and administrative expense                                                             96,319                  98,937                (2,618     )           (2.65    )%
transaction costs                                                                               1,259                   3,140                (1,881     )          (59.90    )%
depreciation and amortization                                                                 639,542                 628,573                10,969                  1.75     %
total other expenses                                                                          737,120                 730,650                 6,470                  0.89     %
operating income                                                                              849,365                 801,822                47,543                  5.93     %
other income:
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                      22,770                  12,769                10,001                 78.32     %
interest and other income                                                                       6,777                   8,765                (1,988     )          (22.68    )%
gains (losses) from investments in securities                                                    (653   )               1,038                (1,691     )         (162.91    )%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                                              432,196                 455,743               (23,547     )           (5.17    )%
losses from early extinguishments of debt                                                      22,040                  10,633                11,407                107.28     %
income before gains on sales of real estate                                                   424,023                 358,018                66,005                 18.44     %
gains on sales of real estate                                                                 375,895                 168,039               207,856                123.70     %
net income                                                                                    799,918                 526,057               273,861                 52.06     %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                            (149,855   )             (30,561   )          (119,294     )         (390.35    )%
noncontrolling interest - redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                  (6   )              (1,023   )             1,017                 99.41     %
noncontrolling interest - common units of the operating partnership                           (66,951   )             (50,862   )           (16,089     )          (31.63    )%
net income attributable to boston properties, inc.                                            583,106                 443,611               139,495                 31.45     %
preferred dividends                                                                           (10,500   )             (10,500   )                 -                     -     %
net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                       $572,606                $433,111              $139,495                 32.21     %
55
boston properties limited partnership the following is a reconciliation of consolidated net operating income to net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders (in thousands):
total property portfolio
2015                    2014                                increase/                     %
(decrease)                change consolidated net operating income                                                            $1,563,931              $1,507,156               $56,775                  3.77     %
other revenue:
development and management services                                                              22,554                  25,316                (2,762     )          (10.91    )%
other expenses:
general and administrative expense                                                               96,319                  98,937                (2,618     )           (2.65    )%
transaction costs                                                                                 1,259                   3,140                (1,881     )          (59.90    )%
depreciation and amortization                                                                   631,549                 620,064                11,485                  1.85     %
total other expenses                                                                            729,127                 722,141                 6,986                  0.97     %
operating income                                                                                857,358                 810,331                47,027                  5.80     %
other income:
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                        22,770                  12,769                10,001                 78.32     %
interest and other income                                                                         6,777                   8,765                (1,988     )          (22.68    )%
gains (losses) from investments in securities                                                      (653   )               1,038                (1,691     )         (162.91    )%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                                                432,196                 455,743               (23,547     )           (5.17    )%
losses from early extinguishments of debt                                                        22,040                  10,633                11,407                107.28     %
income before gains on sales of real estate                                                     432,016                 366,527                65,489                 17.87     %
gains on sales of real estate                                                                   377,093                 174,686               202,407                115.87     %
net income                                                                                      809,109                 541,213               267,896                 49.50     %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                              (149,855   )             (30,561   )          (119,294     )         (390.35    )%
noncontrolling interest-redeemable preferred units                                                   (6   )              (1,023   )             1,017                 99.41     %
net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership                                659,248                 509,629               149,619                 29.36     %
preferred distributions                                                                         (10,500   )             (10,500   )                 -                     -     %
net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders            $648,748                $499,129              $149,619                 29.98     %
same property portfolio rental revenue rental revenue from the same property portfolio increased approximately $32.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014. the increase was primarily the result of increases in revenue from our leases, other recoveries and parking and other income of approximately $26.7 million, $4.2 million and $1.2 million, respectively. the increase in other recoveries was primarily in the boston region and related to tenant electric reimbursements. rental revenue from our leases increased approximately $26.7 million as a result of our average revenue per square foot increasing by approximately $1.42, contributing approximately $48.4 million partially offset by an approximately $21.7 million decrease due to a reduction in our average occupancy from 93.9% to 92.8%.
for fiscal 2016, we project our occupancy will remain relatively stable and average between 90%-92%. we expect our same property portfolio noi for 2016 to also be relatively flat compared to 2015, primarily due to the expected down-time following some large lease expirations in 2015 and 2016 and the repositioning of certain assets discussed in "-overview" above.
termination income termination income increased by approximately $27.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014.
56
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2015 resulted from the termination of thirty-six tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $38.9 million of which approximately $30.8 million, $6.4 million, $1.2 million and $0.5 million related to early terminations in our new york, san francisco, boston and washington, dc regions, respectively. the termination income from the new york region was primarily due to distributions we received from our unsecured creditor claim against lehman brothers, inc. (see below) and our negotiated early terminations of a tenant at 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), two tenants at 601 lexington avenue and a tenant in princeton, new jersey each in order to accommodate leasing the space to other tenants. approximately $6.9 million of our termination income for the year december 31, 2015 was non-cash and resulted from the acceleration of "above-" and "below-market" lease revenue and straight-line rent adjustments.
on march 11, 2015 and september 9, 2015 we received the second and third interim distributions from our unsecured creditor claim against lehman brothers, inc. totaling approximately $8.1 million, leaving a remaining claim of approximately $29.4 million (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements). recently, claims of similar priority to that of our remaining claim were quoted privately reflecting a value for our remaining claim of approximately $2.6 million; however, there can be no assurance as to the timing or amount of additional proceeds, if any, that we may receive.
on february 3, 2016, we received approximately $45 million of termination income from a tenant at 250 west 55th street in new york city (see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements).
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2014 resulted from the termination of twenty-nine tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $11.2 million of which approximately $7.7 million related to an initial distribution we received from our unsecured creditor claim against lehman brothers, inc. (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements).
real estate operating expenses real estate operating expenses from the same property portfolio increased approximately $35.7 million, or 4.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 due primarily to (1) an increase of approximately $18.4 million, or 5.1%, in real estate taxes, which we primarily experienced in our new york cbd properties, (2) an increase of approximately $7.3 million, or 6.2%, in repairs and maintenance expense, which we primarily experienced in our boston and new york cbd buildings, (3) an increase of approximately $3.5 million, or 3.0%, in utilities expense in the boston region and new york cbd buildings, (4) an increase of approximately $3.5 million, or 8.8%, in roads and grounds expense, which we primarily experienced in the boston region and (5) an increase of approximately $3.0 million, or 2.1%, in other real estate operating expenses across the portfolio.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for the same property portfolio decreased approximately $1.3 million, or 0.2%, for bxp and $0.7 million, or 0.1%, for bplp for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014. for additional information about the differences between bxp and bplp, see the explanatory note.
57
properties placed in-service portfolio the table below lists the properties that were placed in-service or partially placed in-service between january 1, 2014 and december 31, 2015. rental revenue, real estate operating expenses and depreciation and amortization expense from our properties placed in-service portfolio increased approximately $80.4 million, $21.3 million and $23.0 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 as detailed below.
quarter initially placed in-service   quarter fully placed in-service                                                                            rental revenue                                   real estate operating expenses                                 depreciation and amortization expense name                                                                                      square feet                                                   2015               2014 (1)                change                2015                  2014                change                 2015                    2014                  change
(dollars in thousands)
office
250 west 55th street                                third quarter, 2013                   third quarter, 2014                         986,823               $64,539               $25,794               $38,745             $23,272               $12,530               $10,742              $20,909                  $9,395                 $11,514
680 folsom street (2)                               fourth quarter, 2013                  third quarter, 2014                         524,793                30,414                15,926                14,488               8,384                 4,423                 3,961               11,742                   5,841                   5,901
535 mission street                                  fourth quarter, 2014                  fourth quarter, 2015                        307,235                11,962        841                           11,121               4,013        429                            3,584                3,350         259                               3,091
690 folsom street                                   fourth quarter, 2014                  fourth quarter, 2015                         26,080                   963                     -        963                            237                     -        237                             364                       -         364
the point (formerly 99 third avenue retail)         third quarter, 2015                   fourth quarter, 2015                         16,300                   154                     -        154                             67                     -        67                               85                       -         85
601 massachusetts avenue                            third quarter, 2015                   n/a                                         478,000                 8,786                     -                 8,786               2,025                     -                 2,025                1,762                       -                   1,762
2,339,231               116,818                42,561                74,257              37,998                17,382                20,616               38,212                  15,495                  22,717
residential the avant at reston town center(3)                  fourth quarter, 2013                  first quarter, 2014                         355,347                10,901                 4,746                 6,155               4,100                 3,435        665                           2,940                   2,689         251
2,694,578              $127,719               $47,307               $80,412             $42,098               $20,817               $21,281              $41,152                 $18,184                 $22,968
_______________
(1)   includes approximately $171 of termination income.
(2)   this property is a two-building complex.
(3)   this property has 359 apartment units and 26,179 net rentable square feet of retail space.
properties in development or redevelopment portfolio during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, the properties in development or redevelopment portfolio consisted of our reservoir place north property located in waltham, massachusetts. we commenced redevelopment of this approximately 73,000 net rentable square foot class a office property on may 1, 2015 and it has an expected stabilization date in the first quarter of 2017. prior to the commencement of redevelopment, this building was operational, and during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, had revenue of approximately $0.7 million and $2.2 million, respectively, and approximately $0.3 million and $1.0 million of real estate operating expenses, respectively. in addition, during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, the building had approximately $0.8 million and $0.6 million, respectively, of depreciation and amortization expense.
58
properties sold portfolio the table below lists the properties we sold between january 1, 2014 and december 31, 2015. rental revenue, real estate and operating expenses and depreciation and amortization expense from our properties sold portfolio decreased approximately $45.0 million, $19.4 million and $11.0 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 as detailed below.
rental revenue                                                 real estate operating expenses                                     depreciation and amortization expense name                                                      date sold                       property type       square feet (sf) / acres   2015                             2014                 change   2015                                2014                  change                  2015   2014                          change
(dollars in thousands)
class a office, office/technical and land mountain view technology park (1)                         july 29, 2014                   office /technical                 135,000 sf       $-                     $2,603               $(2,603    )       $-                         $456                   $(456    )       $-                         $1,782               $(1,782       )
mountain view research park building sixteen              july 29, 2014                   office /technical                  63,000 sf       -                       1,510                (1,510    )       -                           235                    (235    )       -                           1,012               (1,012        )
broad run business park                                   august 22, 2014                 land parcel                       15.5 acres       -                         909                  (909    )       -                           240                    (240    )       -                 8                             (8            )
patriots park (2)                                         october 2, 2014                 class a office                    706,000 sf       -                      18,722               (18,722    )       -                         6,057                  (6,057    )       -                           4,126               (4,126        )
130 third avenue                                          october 24, 2014                land parcel                              n/a       -                         162                  (162    )       -                           250                    (250    )       -                               -               -
75 ames street                                            december 30, 2014               land parcel                              n/a       -                         456                  (456    )       -                             -                       -            -                               -               -
505 9th street, n.w. (3)                                  september 18, 2015              class a office                    322,000 sf       18,072                 25,027                (6,955    )       6,334                     9,978                  (3,644    )       2,074                       3,397               (1,323        )
innovation place (4)                                      december 17, 2015               class a office                    574,000 sf       2,415                   2,383       32                         2,609                     2,651                     (42    )       3,223                       2,849         374
$20,487                51,772               (31,285    )       8,943                    19,867                 (10,924    )       5,297                      13,174               (7,877        )
residential residences on the avenue                                  march 17, 2015                  residential                   323,050 sf (5)       3,230                  16,919               (13,689    )       2,020                    10,530                  (8,510    )             121                   3,219               (3,098        )
$23,717               $68,691              $(44,974    )       $10,963                 $30,397                $(19,434    )       $5,418                    $16,393               $(10,975      )
_______________
(1)   this property is a seven-building complex.
(2)   this property is a three-building complex.
(3)   this property was owned by a consolidated entity in which we had a 50% interest.
(4)   this is a 26-acre site with one occupied and three vacant existing office buildings.
(5)   this property has 335 apartment units and approximately 50,000 net rentable square feet of retail space.
for additional information on the sale of the above properties and land parcels refer to "results of operations-other income and expense items - gains on sales of real estate" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
other operating income and expense items residential net operating income net operating income for our residential properties increased by approximately $385,000 for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the lofts at atlantic wharf, the residences on the avenue and the avant at reston town center for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. on march 17, 2015, we sold the residences on the avenue and therefore there is no information shown for the year ended december 31, 2015.
59
the lofts at atlantic wharf        residences on the avenue (1)                                                         the avant at reston town center (2)
2015                  2014           percentage   2015                             2014          percentage                  2015                    2014            percentage change                                                  change                                                                  change average physical occupancy (3)                          96.4    %             96.3    %          0.1       %        n/a                  92.3      %          n/a                   90.8     %              38.8     %         134.0       %
average economic occupancy (4)                          97.4    %             96.5    %          0.9       %        n/a                  91.5      %          n/a                   89.2     %              34.2     %         160.8       %
average monthly rental rate (5)                       $4,052                $3,926               3.2       %        n/a                $3,148                 n/a                 $2,268                  $2,235                 1.5       %
average rental rate per occupied square foot           $4.50                 $4.37               3.0       %        n/a                 $3.86                 n/a                  $2.46                   $2.44                 0.8       %
___________
(1)   this property was sold during the first quarter of 2015. for the operating results refer to "results of operations-properties sold portfolio" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
(2)   this property was initially placed in-service during the fourth quarter of 2013 and fully placed in-service during the first quarter of 2014. for the operating results refer to "results of operations-properties placed in-service portfolio" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
(3)   average physical occupancy is defined as the average number of occupied units divided by the total number of units, expressed as a percentage.
(4)   average economic occupancy is defined as total possible revenue less vacancy loss as a percentage of total possible revenue. total possible revenue is determined by valuing average occupied units at contract rates and average vacant units at market rents. vacancy loss is determined by valuing vacant units at current market rents. by measuring vacant units at their market rents, average economic occupancy takes into account the fact that units of different sizes and locations within a residential property have different economic impacts on a residential property's total possible gross revenue. market rents used by us in calculating economic occupancy are based on the current market rates set by the managers of our residential properties based on their experience in renting their residential property's units and publicly available market data. trends in market rents for a region as reported by others could vary. market rents for a period are based on the average market rents during that period and do not reflect any impact for cash concessions.
(5)   average monthly rental rates are calculated by us as rental revenue in accordance with gaap, divided by the weighted monthly average number of occupied units.
hotel net operating income net operating income for the boston marriott cambridge hotel property decreased by approximately $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 due primarily an increase in the management fee paid to marriott partially offset by improvements in revenue per available room ("revpar") and the average daily rate. we expect our hotel net operating income for fiscal 2016 to be between $13 million and $15 million.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the boston marriott cambridge hotel for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014.
2015                2014          percentagechange occupancy                     80.8   %            80.9   %           (0.1         )%
average daily rate         $275.43             $254.96                8.0          %
revpar                     $222.47             $206.22                7.9          %
development and management services development and management services income decreased approximately $2.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014. development income decreased by approximately $3.7 million partially offset by an increase in management service income of approximately $0.9 million. the decrease in development income is primarily due to decreases in development fees earned from our boston and washington, dc third-party developments and our washington, dc joint ventures. the increase in management fees is due primarily to an increase in tenant service income from our tenants. we expect our development and management services income for fiscal 2016 to be generally in line with 2015 and contribute between $20 million and $24 million.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses decreased approximately $2.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 due primarily to the timing of the recognition of expenses under the transition benefits agreement that we entered into with mortimer b. zuckerman in 2013. because mr. zuckerman remained employed by us through july 1, 2014, he received, on january 1, 2015, a lump sum payment of $6.7 million in cash and an equity award of ltip units with a value of approximately $11.1 million. the cash payment and equity award vested in three equal installments on each of march 10, 2013, october 1, 2013 and july 1, 2014. as a result, we recognized approximately $4.0 million of compensation expense during the year ended december 31, 2014 related to the transition benefits agreement that did not recur in 2015. we also had
60
an approximately $1.7 million decrease in the value of bxp's deferred compensation plan and a $0.5 million decrease in other general and administrative expenses (including compensation expense). these decreases were partially offset by the following increases: (1) approximately $2.0 million related to the net effect of the end of the measurement period for the 2011 opp awards in 2014, a decrease in the quarterly expense related to the 2012 opp awards due to certain members of bxp's senior management reached retirement age and therefore became fully vested and the issuance of the 2015 myltip units (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements) and (2) an approximately $1.6 million increase in health care costs. based on currently budgeted amounts, we expect general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2016 to be greater than 2015 and between $102 million and $107 million. this estimate assumes a cost-of-living adjustment, projected increase in the value of bxp's deferred compensation plan and the issuance in 2016 of a long-term compensation plan. the projected increased expense associated with the long-term compensation plan is due to the difference between the unvested expense remaining from the issuance of the 2013 myltip units compared to the expense that would be recognized during the first year of the new long-term compensation plan.
wages directly related to the development of rental properties are not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. capitalized wages for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were approximately $15.9 million and $14.5 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the general and administrative expenses discussed above.
transaction costs transaction costs decreased approximately $1.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014, transaction costs for both periods were primarily related to the formation of several new and pending joint ventures, pending and completed asset sales and the pursuit of other transactions, including acquisitions.
other income and expense items income from unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014, income from unconsolidated joint ventures increased by approximately $10.0 million due primarily to an approximately $11.4 million increase in our share of net income from 901 new york avenue in washington, dc. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we received a distribution of approximately $24.5 million, which was generated from the excess loan proceeds from the joint venture's refinancing of its mortgage loan to a new 10-year mortgage loan totaling $225.0 million. our allocation of income and distributions for the year ended december 31, 2015 was not proportionate to our nominal ownership interest as a result of the achievement of specified investment return thresholds, as provided for in the joint venture agreement. this increase was partially offset by an approximately $1.4 million decrease in our share of net income from our other unconsolidated joint ventures which was due primarily to termination income we received from our metropolitan square property in washington, dc during the year ended december 31, 2014 that did not recur in 2015.
interest and other income interest and other income decreased approximately $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to a tax refund we received from the district of columbia during the year ended december 31, 2014 that did not recur during 2015.
gains (losses) from investments in securities gains (losses) from investments in securities for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 related to investments that we have made to reduce our market risk relating to a deferred compensation plan that we maintain for officers of bxp. under this deferred compensation plan, each officer who is eligible to participate is permitted to defer a portion of the officer's current income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer. in order to reduce our market risk relating to this plan, we typically acquire, in a separate account that is not restricted as to its use, similar or identical investments as those selected by each officer. this enables us to generally match our liabilities to officers of bxp under the deferred compensation plan with equivalent assets and thereby limit our market risk. the performance of these investments is recorded as gains from investments in securities. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, we recognized gains (losses) of approximately $(0.7) million and $1.0 million, respectively, on these investments. by comparison, our general and administrative expense increased (decreased) by approximately $(0.6) million and $1.1 million during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, as a result of increases (decreases) in our liability under our deferred compensation plan that were associated with the performance of the specific investments selected by officers of bxp participating in the plan.
61
losses from early extinguishments of debt on december 15, 2015, we legally defeased the mortgage loan collateralized by our 100 & 200 clarendon street (formerly known as the john hancock tower and garage) properties located in boston, massachusetts. the mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of $640.5 million, bore interest at a fixed rate of 5.68% per annum and was scheduled to mature on january 6, 2017. the cash outlay required for the defeasance in the net amount of approximately $667.3 million was based on the purchase price of u.s. government securities that will generate sufficient cash flow to fund continued interest payments on the loan from the effective date of the defeasance through, and the repayment of the loan on, october 6, 2016, which is the date on which we could repay the loan at par. in connection with the defeasance, the mortgage and other liens on the property were extinguished and all existing collateral, including various guarantees, were released. as a result of the defeasance, we recognized a loss from early extinguishment of debt of approximately $22.0 million, consisting of approximately $26.8 million, which is the difference between the purchase price for the u.s. government securities acquired for the defeasance and the outstanding principal balance of the mortgage loan, and approximately $1.4 million of unamortized deferred financing costs, offset by approximately $4.8 million from the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment and approximately $1.4 million of accrued interest expense through the effective date of the defeasance.
on december 15, 2014, we used available cash to redeem $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of bplp's 5.625% senior notes due 2015 (the "5.625% notes") and $250.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.000% senior notes due 2015 (the "5.000% notes"). the redemption price for the 5.625% notes was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $308.0 million. the redemption price included approximately $2.8 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 101.73% of the principal amount being redeemed. the redemption price for the 5.000% notes was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $255.8 million. the redemption price included approximately $0.5 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 102.13% of the principal amount being redeemed. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $10.6 million, which amount included the payment of the redemption premium totaling approximately $10.5 million.
interest expense interest expense for the total property portfolio decreased approximately $23.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 as detailed below.
component                                                                                                                                                                              change in interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2015
compared to december 31, 2014
(in thousands)
increases to interest expense due to:
decrease in capitalized interest (1)                                                                                                                                             $18,261
other interest expense (including senior notes)                                                                                                      192
total increases to interest expense                                                                                                                                               18,453
decreases to interest expense due to:
redemption of $300.0 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 5.625% senior notes due 2015 on december 18, 2014                                                                  (18,052                )
redemption of $250.0 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 5.000% senior notes due 2015 on december 18, 2014                                                                  (12,294                )
repayment of $747.5 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 3.625% exchangeable senior notes due 2014 on february 18, 2014                                                       (3,343                )
interest expense associated with the accretion of the adjustment for the equity component allocation of bplp's unsecured exchangeable debt (2)                                    (2,438                )
repayment of mortgage financings (3)                                                                                                                                              (2,303                )
sale of 505 9th street, n.w. on september 18, 2015                                                                                                                                (2,136                )
defeasance of the mortgage loan collateralized by 100 &amp; 200 clarendon street (formerly the john hancock tower and garage) on december 15, 2015                                (1,434                )
total decreases to interest expense                                                                                                                                             $(42,000                )
total change in interest expense                                                                                                                                                $(23,547                )
62
___________
(1)   the decrease was primarily due to the completion of several development projects. for a list of developments placed in-service refer to "results of operations-properties placed in-service portfolio" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
(2)   all of bplp's exchangeable senior notes were repaid as of february 18, 2014.
(3)   represents the repayment of new dominion technology park building two mortgage loan on july 1, 2014 and kingstowne two and retail mortgage loan on october 1, 2015.
interest expense directly related to the development of rental properties is not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. as properties are placed in-service, we cease capitalizing interest and interest is then expensed. interest capitalized for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately $34.2 million and $52.5 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the interest expense referenced above.
we anticipate interest expense for 2016 will be approximately $400 million to $415 million. this amount is net of approximately $40 million to $50 million of capitalized interest. these estimates also assume we will not incur any additional indebtedness, make additional prepayments or repurchases of existing indebtedness and that there will not be any fluctuations in interest rates or any changes in our development activity. if we elect to prepay or repurchase existing indebtedness prior to its maturity, we may incur prepayment penalties or realize the acceleration of amortized costs.
at december 31, 2015, our variable rate debt consisted of bplp's $1.0 billion unsecured line of credit, of which no amount was outstanding at december 31, 2015. for a summary of our consolidated debt as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 refer to the heading "liquidity and capital resources-capitalization-debt financing" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
gains on sales of real estate gains on sales of real estate for the total property portfolio increased approximately $207.9 million and $202.4 million for bxp and bplp, respectively for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 as detailed below.
63
name                                                                                 date sold            property type       square feet (sf) / acres            sale price            cash proceeds            bxp's gain on sale of real estate (1)
(dollars in millions)
2014
mountain view technology park and mountain view research park building sixteen (2)   july 29, 2014        office /technical                 198,000 sf           $92.1                   $90.6                                    $35.9
one reston overlook (3)                                                              august 20, 2014      land                                     n/a             2.6                     2.6                                      1.2
broad run business park (4)                                                          august 22, 2014      land parcel                       15.5 acres             9.8                     9.7                                      4.3
patriots park (5)                                                                    october 2, 2014      class a office                    706,000 sf           321.0                   319.1                                     84.6
130 third avenue                                                                     october 24, 2014     land parcel                              n/a            14.3                    13.6                                      8.3
75 ames street (6)                                                                   december 30, 2014    land parcel                              n/a            56.8                     n/a                                     33.8
$496.6                   $435.6                                              $168.1
2015 (7)
washingtonian north                                                                  february 19, 2015    land                               8.5 acres            $8.7                    $8.4                                     $3.5
residences on the avenue (8)                                                         march 17, 2015       residential                   323,050 sf (4)           196.0                   192.5                                     91.4
505 9th street, n.w. (9)                                                             september 18, 2015   class a office                    322,000 sf           318.0                   194.6                                    199.5
washingtonian north                                                                  october 1, 2015      land                               5.8 acres            13.3                    13.8                                      2.0
innovation place (10)                                                                december 17, 2015    class a office                    574,000 sf           207.0                   199.3                                     79.1
$743.0                  $608.6                                   $375.5                  (11)
___________
(1)   with the exception of patriots park, 505 9th street and innovation place the gains on sales of real estate were the same for bxp and bplp. the gains on sales of real estate for bplp were $91.2 million for patriots park, $199.7 million for 505 9th street and $80.1 million for innovation place. for additional information about the differences between bxp and bplp, see the explanatory note.
(2)   mountain view technology park is a seven-building complex.
(3)   land was taken by eminent domain.
(4)   land parcel was subject to a ground lease that was scheduled to expire on october 31, 2048 with a tenant that exercised its purchase option under the ground lease.
(5)   this property is a three-building complex. we have agreed to provide rent support payments to the buyer with a maximum obligation of up to approximately $12.3 million related to the leasing of 17,762 net rentable square feet at the properties, which has been recorded as a reduction to the gain on sale.
(6)   we completed the conveyance to an unrelated third party of a condominium interest in our 75 ames street property located in cambridge, massachusetts. on may 23, 2011, we had entered into a ground lease for the vacant land parcel at 75 ames street and had also entered into a development agreement to serve as project manager for a 250,000 square foot research laboratory building to be developed on the site at the ground lessee's expense and to also serve, upon completion of development, as property manager. gross proceeds to us were approximately $56.8 million, including $11.4 million in development fees for our services, and were received beginning in may 2011. the cash received under the ground lease was initially recognized as unearned revenue and recognized over the 99-year term of the ground lease as ground lease revenue totaling approximately $459,000 per year prior to the conveyance of the condominium interest. the terms of the ground lease required us to form a condominium for the site upon completion of the development, at which time each party would subject their respective interests in the buildings and land to the condominium and would in turn be conveyed a condominium unit comprised of their respective building as well as an undivided ownership interest in the land. as a result of the conveyance and the transfer of title, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate.
(7)   for additional details on the sales that occurred during the year ended december 31, 2015, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
(8)   this property has 335 apartment units and approximately 50,000 net rentable square feet of retail space. we have agreed to provide net operating income support of up to $6.0 million should the property's net operating income fail to achieve certain thresholds, which has been recorded as a reduction to the gain on sale. this property is subject to a ground lease that expires on february 1, 2068.
(9)   this property was owned by a consolidated entity in which we had a 50% interest. the buyer assumed the mortgage loan which had a balance of $117.0 million. approximately $101.1 million of the gain on sale of real estate was allocated to the outside partners and is included within noncontrolling interests in property partnerships in our consolidated statements of operations.
(10)   this is a 26-acre site with one occupied and three vacant existing office buildings. the remainder of the site is currently used for 1,699 surface parking spaces, but the land supports an additional 537,000 square feet of office/r&amp;d development and two parking structures with a total of approximately 3,000 parking spaces.
(11)   excludes approximately $0.4 million of gain on sale of real estate recognized during the three months ended december 31, 2015 related to previously deferred gain amounts from a 2014 sale of real estate.
64
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships noncontrolling interests in property partnerships increased by approximately $119.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 as detailed below.
property       date of consolidation                           partners' noncontrolling interest for the year ended december 31,
2015   2014                                               change
(in thousands)
505 9th street (1)       october 1, 2007                  $103,507                          $2,332                        $101,175
fountain square (2)       october 4, 2012                     5,121                          11,083                          (5,962       )
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) (3)       may 31, 2013                      (20,784       )                 (14,990       )                  (5,794       )
times square tower       october 9, 2013                    26,858                          26,736           122
601 lexington avenue       october 30, 2014                   21,763                           3,177                          18,586
100 federal street       october 30, 2014                    3,986           646                                             3,340
atlantic wharf office building       october 30, 2014                    9,404                           1,577                           7,827
$149,855                         $30,561                        $119,294
___________
(1)   on september 18, 2015, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $199.5 million and $199.7 million for bxp and bplp, respectively, of which approximately $101.1 million was allocated to the outside partners (see notes 3, 6 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements).
(2)   on august 6, 2015, the parties amended the joint venture agreement which required us to acquire our partner's nominal 50% interest on september 15, 2015 for approximately $100.9 million in cash. as a result, we stopped accreting the changes in the redemption value through the consolidated statement of operations as of august 6, 2015 (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements). upon our acquisition, we owned 100% and therefore we no longer have noncontrolling interest on this property. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we made an out-of-period adjustment of approximately $1.9 million related to the cumulative non-cash adjustment to the accretion of the changes in the redemption value of the noncontrolling interest.
(3)   the net loss allocation is primarily due to the partners' share of the interest expense for the outside members' notes payable which was $30.8 million and $28.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
noncontrolling interest-common units of the operating partnership for bxp, noncontrolling interest-common units of the operating partnership increased by approximately $16.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 due to increases in allocable income and the noncontrolling interest's ownership percentage. due to our ownership structure, there is no corresponding line item on bplp's financial statements.
comparison of the year ended december 31, 2014 to the year ended december 31, 2013
the table below shows selected operating information for the same property portfolio and the total property portfolio. the same property portfolio consists of 131 properties totaling approximately 35.8 million net rentable square feet of space, excluding unconsolidated joint ventures. the same property portfolio includes properties acquired or consolidated or placed in-service on or prior to january 1, 2013 and owned and in service through december 31, 2014. the total property portfolio includes the effects of the other properties either placed in-service, acquired or consolidated or in development or redevelopment after january 1, 2013 or disposed of on or prior to december 31, 2014. this table includes a reconciliation from the same property portfolio to the total property portfolio by also providing information for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 with respect to the properties which were placed in-service, acquired or consolidated, in development or redevelopment or sold.
65
same property portfolio                        propertiesacquiredor consolidated portfolio                         propertiesplacedin-serviceportfolio       properties indevelopment orredevelopmentportfolio                                       properties sold portfolio                                                                  total property portfolio
(dollars in thousands)                                               2014   2013                             increase/(decrease)              %change                           2014   2013                                                     2014   2013                            2014                                                               2013   2014                  2013                    2014                    2013                                increase/                 %
(decrease)            change rental revenue:
rental revenue                                             $1,883,215              $1,824,581                   $58,634                    3.21     %              $329,725                            $179,579                      $53,407                          $6,028               $-                                                 $2,248                   $24,362                 $27,949                $2,290,709              $2,040,385              $250,324             12.27     %
termination income                                             11,162                   2,807                     8,355                  297.65     %                    62                                   -                          171                               -               -                                                       -                         -                       -                    11,395                   2,807                 8,588            305.95     %
total rental revenue                                        1,894,377               1,827,388                    66,989                    3.67     %               329,787                             179,579                       53,578                           6,028               -                                                   2,248                    24,362                  27,949                 2,302,104               2,043,192               258,912             12.67     %
real estate operating expenses                                692,146                 664,694                    27,452                    4.13     %               101,452                              57,199                       18,532                           1,693               -                                                     421                     7,238                   6,815                   819,368                 730,822                88,546             12.12     %
net operating income, excluding residential and hotel       1,202,231               1,162,694                    39,537                    3.40     %               228,335                             122,380                       35,046                           4,335               -                                                   1,827                    17,124                  21,134                 1,482,736               1,312,370               170,366             12.98     %
residential net operating income (1)                            8,960                  10,395                    (1,435        )         (13.80    )%                     -                                   -                        1,311                            (207       )       -                                                       -                         -                       -                    10,271                  10,188       83                           0.81     %
hotel net operating income (1)                                 14,149                  11,883                     2,266                   19.07     %                     -                                   -                            -                               -               -                                                       -                         -                       -                    14,149                  11,883                 2,266             19.07     %
consolidated net operating income (1)                      $1,225,340              $1,184,972                   $40,368                    3.41     %              $228,335                            $122,380                      $36,357                          $4,128               $-                                                 $1,827                   $17,124                 $21,134                $1,507,156              $1,334,441              $172,715             12.94     %
_______________
(1)   for a detailed discussion of noi, including the reasons management believes noi is useful to investors, see page 52. residential net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 are comprised of residential revenue of $26,193 and $22,318 less residential expenses of $15,922 and $12,130, respectively. hotel net operating income for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 are comprised of hotel revenue of $43,385 and $40,330 less hotel expenses of $29,236 and $28,447, respectively, per the consolidated statements of operations.
66
boston properties, inc.
the following is a reconciliation of consolidated net operating income to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders (in thousands):
total property portfolio
2014                                     2013               increase/                       %
(decrease)                  change consolidated net operating income                                                                       $1,507,156              $1,334,441              $172,715                   12.94   %
other revenue:
development and management services                                                                         25,316                  29,695                (4,379     )            (14.75   )%
other expenses:
general and administrative expense                                                                          98,937                 115,329               (16,392     )            (14.21   )%
transaction costs                                                                                            3,140                   1,744                 1,396                   80.05   %
impairment loss                                                                                                  -                   8,306                (8,306     )           (100.00   )%
depreciation and amortization                                                                              628,573                 560,637                67,936                   12.12   %
total other expenses                                                                                       730,650                 686,016                44,634                    6.51   %
operating income                                                                                           801,822                 678,120               123,702                   18.24   %
other income:
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                   12,769                  75,074               (62,305     )            (82.99   )%
gains on consolidation of joint ventures                                                                         -                 385,991              (385,991     )           (100.00   )%
interest and other income                                                                                    8,765                   8,310       455                                5.48   %
gains from investments in securities                                                                         1,038                   2,911                (1,873     )            (64.34   )%
gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt                                                          (10,633   )                 122               (10,755     )         (8,815.57   )%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                                                           455,743                 446,880                 8,863                    1.98   %
income from continuing operations                                                                          358,018                 703,648              (345,630     )            (49.12   )%
discontinued operations:
income from discontinued operations                                                                              -                   8,022                (8,022     )           (100.00   )%
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                       -                 112,829              (112,829     )           (100.00   )%
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                         -                  20,182               (20,182     )           (100.00   )%
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                     -                  (3,241   )             3,241                  100.00   %
income before gains on sales of real estate                                                                358,018                 841,440              (483,422     )            (57.45   )%
gains on sales of real estate                                                                              168,039                       -               168,039                  100.00   %
net income                                                                                                 526,057                 841,440              (315,383     )            (37.48   )%
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                          (30,561   )              (1,347   )           (29,214     )         (2,168.82   )%
noncontrolling interest - redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                           (1,023   )              (6,046   )             5,023                   83.08   %
noncontrolling interest - common units of the operating partnership                                        (50,862   )             (70,085   )            19,223                   27.43   %
noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations - common units of the operating partnership                   -                 (14,151   )            14,151                  100.00   %
net income attributable to boston properties, inc.                                                         443,611                 749,811              (306,200     )            (40.84   )%
preferred dividends                                                                                        (10,500   )              (8,057   )            (2,443     )            (30.32   )%
net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                                    $433,111                $741,754             $(308,643     )            (41.61   )%
67
boston properties limited partnership the following is a reconciliation of consolidated net operating income to net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders (in thousands):
total property portfolio
2014                                     2013               increase/                       %
(decrease)                  change consolidated net operating income                                                            $1,507,156              $1,334,441              $172,715                   12.94   %
other revenue:
development and management services                                                              25,316                  29,695                (4,379     )            (14.75   )%
other expenses:
general and administrative expense                                                               98,937                 115,329               (16,392     )            (14.21   )%
transaction costs                                                                                 3,140                   1,744                 1,396                   80.05   %
impairment loss                                                                                       -                   4,401                (4,401     )           (100.00   )%
depreciation and amortization                                                                   620,064                 552,589                67,475                   12.21   %
total other expenses                                                                            722,141                 674,063                48,078                    7.13   %
operating income                                                                                810,331                 690,073               120,258                   17.43   %
other income:
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                        12,769                  75,074               (62,305     )            (82.99   )%
gains on consolidation of joint ventures                                                              -                 385,991              (385,991     )           (100.00   )%
interest and other income                                                                         8,765                   8,310       455                                5.48   %
gains from investments in securities                                                              1,038                   2,911                (1,873     )            (64.34   )%
gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt                                               (10,633   )                 122               (10,755     )         (8,815.57   )%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                                                455,743                 446,880                 8,863                    1.98   %
income from continuing operations                                                               366,527                 715,601              (349,074     )            (48.78   )%
discontinued operations:
income from discontinued operations                                                                   -                   8,022                (8,022     )           (100.00   )%
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                            -                 115,459              (115,459     )           (100.00   )%
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                              -                  20,736               (20,736     )           (100.00   )%
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                          -                  (2,852   )             2,852                  100.00   %
income before gains on sales of real estate                                                     366,527                 856,966              (490,439     )            (57.23   )%
gains on sales of real estate                                                                   174,686                       -               174,686                  100.00   %
net income                                                                                      541,213                 856,966              (315,753     )            (36.85   )%
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests:
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                               (30,561   )              (1,347   )           (29,214     )         (2,168.82   )%
noncontrolling interest - redeemable preferred units                                             (1,023   )              (6,046   )             5,023                   83.08   %
net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership                                509,629                 849,573             $(339,944     )            (40.01   )%
preferred distributions                                                                         (10,500   )              (8,057   )            (2,443     )            (30.32   )%
net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders            $499,129                $841,516             $(342,387     )            (40.69   )%
same property portfolio rental revenue rental revenue from the same property portfolio increased approximately $58.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was primarily the result of increases in revenue from our leases, parking income and other income and recoveries of approximately $53.6 million, $4.1 million and $0.9 million, respectively. rental revenue from our leases increased approximately $53.6 million as a result of our average revenue per square foot increasing by approximately $1.40, contributing approximately $45.7 million, and an approximately $7.9 million increase due to an increase in average occupancy from 92.3% to 92.7%.
68
termination income termination income increased by approximately $8.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2014 resulted from the termination of twenty-nine tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $11.2 million of which approximately $7.7 million related to an initial distribution we received from our unsecured creditor claim against lehman brothers, inc. (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements).
termination income for the year ended december 31, 2013 resulted from the termination of twenty-four tenants across the same property portfolio which totaled approximately $2.8 million, of which approximately $1.0 million was negotiated termination income from one of our reston, virginia properties in order to accommodate growth of an existing tenant.
real estate operating expenses real estate operating expenses from the same property portfolio increased approximately $27.5 million, or 4.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to (1) an increase of approximately $13.4 million, or 4.5%, in real estate taxes, which we primarily experienced in our washington, dc and new york regions, (2) an increase of approximately $6.4 million, or 6.1%, in repairs and maintenance expense, which we primarily experienced in the boston and new york cbd buildings and the washington, dc region, (3) an increase of approximately $2.6 million, or 7.2%, in roads and grounds expense, which we primarily experienced in the boston and washington, dc regions, (4) an increase of approximately $2.0 million, or 1.8%, in utilities expense in the boston and san francisco regions and (5) an increase of approximately $3.1 million, or 2.6%, in other operating expenses.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for the same property portfolio increased approximately $5.5 million, or 1.2%, for bxp and $5.1 million, or 1.1%, for bplp for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
properties acquired or consolidated portfolio we acquired mountain view research park and consolidated 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) between january 1, 2013 and december 31, 2014. rental revenue, real estate operating expenses and depreciation and amortization expense from our properties acquired or consolidated portfolio increased approximately $150.2 million, $44.3 million and $50.2 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below.
date acquired / consolidated                                                                              rental revenue                                     real estate operating expenses                                  depreciation and amortization expense name                                                                                     square feet         2014 (1)                          2013       change             2014                                 2013        change           2014                                    2013         change
(dollars in thousands)
office mountain view research park (2)                           april 10, 2013                           540,433            $19,111               $11,815            $7,296                     $4,093                $2,741             $1,352                    $9,105                  $8,448               $657
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) (3)        may 31, 2013                           1,822,412            310,676               167,764            142,912                    97,359                54,458             42,901                   122,802                  73,303               49,499
2,362,845           $329,787              $179,579            $150,208                 $101,452               $57,199             $44,253                 $131,907                 $81,751               $50,156
_______________
(1)   includes approximately $62 of termination income.
(2)   we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from the value-added fund. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we owned 100% of the properties and accounted for them on a consolidated basis. on july 29, 2014, we sold mountain view technology park and mountain view research park building sixteen. see "results of operations-properties sold portfolio" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." this property is a fifteen-building complex.
(3)   our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns this building) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture's assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%.
69
for a discussion of the operating results for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), mountain view research park and mountain view technology park for the period prior to consolidation / acquisition or sale refer to "results of operations-other income and expense items - income from unconsolidated joint ventures" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
properties placed in-service portfolio the table below lists the properties placed in-service or partially placed in-service between january 1, 2013 and december 31, 2014. rental revenue, real estate operating expenses and depreciation and amortization expense from our properties placed in-service portfolio increased approximately $52.1 million, $19.9 million and $18.4 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below.
quarter initially placed in-service   quarter fully placed in-service                                                                          rental revenue                                   real estate operating expenses                                 depreciation and amortization expense name                                                                              square feet                                           2014 (1)                     2013                change                2014                  2013                change                 2014                    2013                  change
(dollars in thousands)
office
300 binney street                           second quarter, 2013                  second quarter, 2013                        195,191               $11,017              $5,717                $5,300              $1,150                  $353                  $797               $2,114                  $1,229                    $885
250 west 55th street                        third quarter, 2013                   third quarter, 2014                         986,823                25,794                 311                25,483              12,530                 1,340                11,190                9,395                     490                   8,905
680 folsom street (2)                       fourth quarter, 2013                  third quarter, 2014                         524,793                15,926                   -                15,926               4,423                     -                 4,423                5,841                       -                   5,841
535 mission street                          fourth quarter, 2014                  n/a                                         307,235                   841                   -        841                            429                     -        429                             258                       -         258
2,014,042                53,578               6,028                47,550              18,532                 1,693                16,839               17,608                   1,719                  15,889
residential the avant at reston town center (3)         fourth quarter, 2013                  first quarter, 2014                         355,347                 4,746                 157                 4,589               3,435        364                            3,071                2,689                     181                   2,508
2,369,389               $58,324              $6,185               $52,139             $21,967                $2,057               $19,910              $20,297                  $1,900                 $18,397
_______________
(1)   includes approximately $171 of termination income.
(2)   this property is a two-building complex.
(3)   this property has 359 apartment units and 26,179 net rentable square feet of retail space.
properties in development or redevelopment portfolio during the year ended december 31, 2013, the properties in development or redevelopment portfolio consisted of our 601 massachusetts avenue property located in washington, dc. we commenced development of this property on april 25, 2013 and partially placed it in-service during the third quarter of 2015. prior to the commencement of development, this building was operational and, during the year ended december 31, 2013, had approximately $2.2 million of revenue and approximately $0.4 million of real estate operating expenses. in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2013, the building had approximately $4.6 million of depreciation and amortization expense.
properties sold portfolio the table below lists the properties we sold between january 1, 2013 and december 31, 2014. rental revenue, real estate and operating expenses and depreciation and amortization expense from our properties sold portfolio increased (decreased) approximately $(3.6) million, $0.4 million and $(1.6) million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below.
70
rental revenue                                 real estate operating expenses                                 depreciation and amortization expense name                                                      date sold                      property type       square feet (sf) / acres                2014   2013                    change                         2014                  2013        change                        2014   2013                          change
(dollars in thousands)
class a office, office/technical and land mountain view technology park (1)                         july 29, 2014                  office /technical                 135,000 sf          $2,603              $3,168           $(565       )             $456                  $554             $(98      )           $1,783                  $2,320               $(537       )
mountain view research park building sixteen              july 29, 2014                  office /technical                  63,000 sf           1,510               1,693           (183        )              235                   255             (20       )            1,012                   1,304               (292        )
broad run business park                                   august 22, 2014                land parcel                       15.5 acres             909               1,463           (554        )              240                   364             (124      )                8         14                            (6          )
patriots park (2)                                         october 2, 2014                class a office                    706,000 sf          18,722              21,166           (2,444      )            6,057                 5,537        520                         4,126                   4,863               (737        )
130 third avenue                                          october 24, 2014               land parcel                              n/a             162                   -       162                            250                   105        145                             -                       -               -
75 ames street                                            december 30, 2014              land parcel                              n/a             456       459                     (3          )                -                     -             -                          -                       -               -
$24,362             $27,949           $(3,587     )           $7,238                $6,815             $423                  $6,929                  $8,501               $(1,572     )
_____________
(1)   this property is a seven-building complex.
(2)   this property is a three-building complex.
for additional information on the sale of the above properties and land parcels refer to "results of operations-other income and expense items - gains on sales of real estate" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
other operating income and expense items residential net operating income net operating income for our residential properties, including the avant at reston town center which was fully placed in-service during the first quarter of 2014, increased by approximately $83,000 for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the lofts at atlantic wharf, the residences on the avenue and the avant at reston town center for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013.
the lofts at atlantic wharf                                    residences on the avenue (1)                              the avant at reston town center (2)
2014                  2013           percentage                 2014                  2013           percentage                        2014   2013                    percentage change                                                          change                                                       change average physical occupancy (3)                          96.3    %             98.6    %         (2.3      )%            92.3    %             93.4    %         (1.2   )%                   38.8       %           n/a             n/a average economic occupancy (4)                          96.5    %             97.6    %         (1.1      )%            91.5    %             93.0    %         (1.6   )%                   34.2       %           n/a             n/a average monthly rental rate (5)                       $3,926                $3,778               3.9       %          $3,148                $3,295              (4.5   )%                 $2,235                   n/a             n/a average rental rate per occupied square foot           $4.37                 $4.20               4.0       %           $3.86                 $4.04              (4.5   )%                  $2.44                   n/a             n/a
___________
(1)   this property was sold on march 17, 2015 (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
(2)   this property was initially placed in-service during the fourth quarter of 2013 and fully placed in-service during the first quarter of 2014. for the operating results refer to "results of operations-properties placed in-service portfolio" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
(3)   average physical occupancy is defined as the average number of occupied units divided by the total number of units, expressed as a percentage.
(4)   average economic occupancy is defined as total possible revenue less vacancy loss as a percentage of total possible revenue. total possible revenue is determined by valuing average occupied units at contract rates and average vacant units at market rents. vacancy loss is determined by valuing vacant units at current market rents. by measuring vacant units at their market rents, average economic occupancy takes into account the fact that units of different sizes and locations within a residential property have different economic impacts on a residential property's total possible gross revenue. market rents used by us in calculating economic occupancy are based on the current market rates set by the managers of our residential properties based on their experience in renting their residential property's units and publicly available market data. trends in market rents for a region
71
as reported by others could vary. market rents for a period are based on the average market rents during that period and do not reflect any impact for cash concessions.
(5)   average monthly rental rates are calculated by us as rental revenue in accordance with gaap, divided by the weighted monthly average number of occupied units.
hotel net operating income net operating income for the boston marriott cambridge hotel property increased by approximately $2.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to improvements in revenue per available room ("revpar"), occupancy and a reduction in the management fee paid to marriott.
the following reflects our occupancy and rate information for the boston marriott cambridge hotel for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013.
2014                2013           percentagechange occupancy                     80.9   %            79.8   %             1.4          %
average daily rate         $254.96             $233.95                 9.0          %
revpar                     $206.22             $186.71                10.4          %
development and management services development and management services income decreased approximately $4.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was due to decreases in development fee and management fee income of approximately $2.2 million and $2.2 million, respectively. the decrease in development fees was primarily due to a decrease in fees associated with tenant improvement project management, as well as a decrease in the development fees earned due to the completion of several projects in the boston and washington, dc regions. the decrease in management fees is due primarily to a decrease in management and leasing fees earned from our joint ventures primarily due to the consolidation of 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), the acquisition of the mountain view assets and the sale of 125 west 55th street, partially offset by leasing fees earned at one of our unconsolidated joint ventures in washington, dc related to a large lease that was signed.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses decreased approximately $16.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to the timing of the recognition of expenses under the transition benefits agreement that we entered into with mortimer b. zuckerman in 2013. on march 11, 2013, bxp announced that owen d. thomas would succeed mr. zuckerman as its chief executive officer, effective april 2, 2013. mr. zuckerman continued to serve as executive chairman for a transition period and since january 1, 2015 mr. zuckerman has served as the non-executive chairman of the board of bxp.  because mr. zuckerman remained employed by bxp through july 1, 2014, on january 1, 2015, he received a lump sum cash payment of $6.7 million and an equity award with a value of approximately $11.1 million. the cash payment and equity award vested in three equal installments on each of march 10, 2013, october 1, 2013 and july 1, 2014. as a result, we recognized approximately $13.8 million of compensation expense during the year ended december 31, 2013 and approximately $4.0 million of compensation expense during the year ended december 31, 2014 related to the transition benefits agreement. under the transition benefits agreement, during the year ended december 31, 2013, we accelerated the remaining approximately $12.9 million of stock-based compensation expense associated with mr. zuckerman's unvested long-term equity awards. in addition, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 we had an approximately $1.7 million increase in our capitalized wages due to the signing of several large leases. the increase in capitalized wages is shown as a decrease in general and administrative expenses as these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets or deferred charges on our consolidated balance sheets (see below). we also had an approximately $1.9 million decrease in the value of bxp's deferred compensation plan. these decreases were partially offset by the following increases: (1) approximately $2.3 million related to the net effect of the termination of the 2011 opp awards and the issuance of the 2014 myltip units (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements), (2) an approximately $4.4 million increase in overall compensation expense, (3) approximately $0.3 million related to the write off of the remaining fees associated with bxp's atm program that expired on june 2, 2014 and (4) approximately $2.9 million related to other general and administrative expenses.
wages directly related to the development of rental properties are not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. capitalized wages for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were approximately $14.5 million and $12.8 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the general and administrative expenses discussed above.
72
transaction costs transaction costs increased approximately $1.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to costs associated the formation of several new joint venture agreements and pending and completed asset sales.
impairment loss on march 28, 2013, we executed a binding contract for the sale of our 303 almaden boulevard property located in san jose, california for a sale price of $40.0 million. the pending sale of this asset caused us to evaluate our strategy for development of the adjacent almaden land parcel, which can accommodate approximately 840,000 square feet of office development. based on a shorter than expected hold period, we reduced the carrying value of the land parcel to its fair market value and recognized an impairment loss of approximately $8.3 million and $4.4 million for bxp and bplp during the three months ended march 31, 2013. for additional information about the differences between bxp and bplp, see the explanatory note.
other income and expense items income from unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, income from unconsolidated joint ventures decreased by approximately $62.3 million due primarily to an approximately $46.5 million decrease in our share of net income from 125 west 55th street due to its sale on may 30, 2013, an approximately $11.2 million decrease in our share of net income from the sale of the eighth avenue and 46th street project in new york city on july 19, 2013, an approximately $7.7 million decrease in our share of net income from 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) related to its consolidation on june 1, 2013 and an approximately $0.4 million decrease in our share of net income from the sale of mountain view research park and mountain view technology parks to us on april 10, 2013. these decreases were partially offset by an approximately $3.5 million increase in our share of net income from our other unconsolidated joint ventures, which was primarily related to increased leasing and occupancy at 540 madison avenue in new york city.
on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from the value-added fund for an aggregate net purchase price of approximately $233.1 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we owned 100% of the properties and accounted for them on a consolidated basis.
on may 30, 2013, a joint venture in which we have a 60% interest completed the sale of its 125 west 55th street property located in new york city for a sale price of $470.0 million, including the assumption by the buyer of the mortgage loan collateralized by the property totaling approximately $198.6 million. the mortgage loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 6.09% per annum and was scheduled to mature on march 10, 2020. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $253.7 million, of which our share was approximately $152.2 million, after the payment of transaction costs. 125 west 55th street is a class a office property totaling approximately 588,000 net rentable square feet. we had previously recognized an impairment loss on our investment in the unconsolidated joint venture. as a result, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $43.2 million. prior to the sale, the property contributed approximately $3.3 million of net income for the year ended december 31, 2013.
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture's assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. prior to the consolidation, the property contributed approximately $7.7 million of net income for the year ended december 31, 2013.
on july 19, 2013, a joint venture in which we have a 50% interest completed the sale of its eighth avenue and 46th street project located in new york city for an imputed sale price of $45.0 million. eighth avenue and 46th street is comprised of an assemblage of land parcels and air-rights. net cash proceeds to us totaled approximately $21.8 million, after the payment of transaction costs. the joint venture had previously recognized an impairment loss on the property. as a result, the joint venture recognized a gain on sale of real estate totaling approximately $12.6 million, of which our share was approximately $11.3 million.
73
for the consolidated operating results for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), mountain view research park and mountain view technology park refer to "results of operations-properties acquired or consolidation portfolio and properties sold portfolio" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
gains on consolidation of joint ventures on april 10, 2013, we acquired the mountain view research park and mountain view technology park properties from our value-added fund for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $233.5 million. prior to the acquisition, our ownership interest in the properties was approximately 39.5%. as a result of the acquisition, we own 100% of the properties and account for them on a consolidated basis. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a gain on consolidation totaling approximately $26.5 million.
on may 31, 2013, our two joint venture partners in 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) transferred all of their interests in the joint venture to third parties. in connection with the transfer, we and our new joint venture partners modified our relative decision making authority and consent rights with respect to the joint venture's assets and operations. these changes resulted in us having sufficient financial and operating control over 767 venture, llc such that we now account for the assets, liabilities and operations of 767 venture, llc on a consolidated basis in our financial statements instead of under the equity method of accounting. our ownership interest in 767 venture, llc remained unchanged at 60%. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a non-cash gain on our investment of approximately $359.5 million. the gain on consolidation resulted from us recognizing the assets, liabilities and equity (including noncontrolling interests) of the joint venture at fair value on the date of consolidation resulting in the recognition of a gain on consolidation equal to the difference between the fair value of our equity interest totaling approximately $721.3 million (as reflected in the business combination table appearing in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements) and the carrying value of our previously held equity interest totaling approximately $361.8 million. the fair value was determined based on the purchase price paid by the new joint venture partners through a sales process managed by a major new york city sales brokerage firm.
interest and other income interest and other income increased approximately $0.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a tax refund we received during the year ended december 31, 2014 from the district of columbia.
gains from investments in securities gains from investments in securities for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 related to investments that we have made to reduce our market risk relating to a deferred compensation plan that we maintain for officers of bxp. under this deferred compensation plan, each officer who is eligible to participate is permitted to defer a portion of the officer's current income on a pre-tax basis and receive a tax-deferred return on these deferrals based on the performance of specific investments selected by the officer. in order to reduce our market risk relating to this plan, we typically acquire, in a separate account that is not restricted as to its use, similar or identical investments as those selected by each officer. this enables us to generally match our liabilities to officers of bxp under the deferred compensation plan with equivalent assets and thereby limit our market risk. the performance of these investments is recorded as gains from investments in securities. during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we recognized gains of approximately $1.0 million and $2.9 million, respectively, on these investments. by comparison, our general and administrative expense increased by approximately $1.1 million and $2.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, as a result of increases in our liability under our deferred compensation plan that were associated with the performance of the specific investments selected by officers of bxp participating in the plan.
gains (losses) from early extinguishments of debt on december 15, 2014, we used available cash to redeem $300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of bplp's 5.625% senior notes due 2015 (the "5.625% notes") and $250.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.000% senior notes due 2015 (the "5.000% notes"). the redemption price for the 5.625% notes was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $308.0 million. the redemption price included approximately $2.8 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 101.73% of the principal amount being redeemed. the redemption price for the 5.000% notes was determined in accordance with the applicable indenture and totaled approximately $255.8 million. the redemption price included approximately $0.5 million of accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the redemption date. excluding such accrued and unpaid interest, the redemption price was approximately 102.13% of the principal amount being redeemed. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $10.6 million, which amount included the payment of the redemption premium totaling approximately $10.5 million.
74
on april 1, 2013, we used available cash to repay the mortgage loan collateralized by our 140 kendrick street property located in needham, massachusetts totaling approximately $47.6 million. the mortgage loan bore interest at a fixed rate of 7.51% per annum and was scheduled to mature on july 1, 2013. there was no prepayment penalty. we recognized a gain on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.3 million related to the acceleration of the remaining balance of the historical fair value debt adjustment, which was the result of purchase accounting.
on april 15, 2013, we announced that holders of bplp's 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2036 (the "notes") had the right to surrender their notes for purchase by bplp (the "put right") on may 18, 2013. on april 15, 2013, we also announced that bplp issued a notice of redemption to the holders of the notes to redeem, on may 18, 2013 (the "redemption date"), all of the notes outstanding on the redemption date. in connection with the notice of redemption, holders of the notes had the right to exchange their notes on or prior to may 16, 2013. notes with respect to which the put right was not exercised and that were not surrendered for exchange on or prior to may 16, 2013, were redeemed by bplp at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. based on final information provided to bplp by the trustee for the notes, no notes were validly tendered and accepted for purchase in the put right. pursuant to the notice of redemption, an aggregate principal amount of $990,000 of the notes was redeemed on may 18, 2013. the remaining aggregate principal amount of $449,010,000 of the notes was surrendered for exchange and, in addition to the repayment of the principal in cash, we issued an aggregate of 419,116 shares of bxp common stock in exchange for the notes. we recognized a loss on early extinguishment of debt totaling approximately $0.1 million consisting of transaction costs.
interest expense interest expense for the total property portfolio increased approximately $8.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below:
component                                                                                                                                                                          change in interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2014
compared to december 31, 2013
(in thousands)
increases to interest expense due to:
interest associated with the consolidation of the $1.6 billion of debt outstanding for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) (1)                                    $20,993
decrease in capitalized interest (2)                                                                                                                                          15,677
partner's share of the interest for the outstanding outside members' notes payable for 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) (2)                                     12,235
issuance of $700 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 3.800% senior notes due 2024 on june 27, 2013                                                                       13,207
issuance of $500 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 3.125% senior notes due 2023 on april 11, 2013                                                                       4,328
total increases to interest expense                                                                                                                                           66,440
decreases to interest expense due to:
repayment of $747.5 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 3.625% exchangeable senior notes due 2014 on february 18, 2014                                                  (25,225                )
interest expense associated with the accretion of the adjustment for the equity component allocation of our bplp's unsecured exchangeable debt (3)                           (20,614                )
repurchases/redemption/exchange of $450.0 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 3.75% exchangeable senior notes due 2036 on april 15, 2013                                 (6,281                )
repayment of mortgage financings (4)                                                                                                                                          (2,572                )
amortization of finance fees                                                                                                                                                  (1,698                )
redemption of $300.0 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 5.625% senior notes due 2015 on december 15, 2014                                                                 (703                )
redemption of $250.0 million in aggregate principal of bplp's 5.000% senior notes due 2015 on december 15, 2014                                                                 (376                )
other interest expense (including senior notes)                                                                                                                                 (108                )
total decreases to interest expense                                                                                                                                          (57,577                )
total change in interest expense                                                                                                                                              $8,863
75
___________
(1)   this property was consolidated on may 31, 2013. for additional information about the transaction refer to "properties acquired or consolidated portfolio" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
(2)   decrease primarily due to the completion of several development projects including, 300 binney street, 250 west 55th street, 680 folsom street and the avant at reston town center.
(3)   all of bplp's exchangeable senior notes were repaid as of february 18, 2014.
(4)   includes the repayment of kingstowne one, 140 kendrick street and new dominion technology park building two on february 5, 2013, april 1, 2013 and july 1, 2014, respectively.
interest expense directly related to the development of rental properties is not included in our operating results. these costs are capitalized and included in real estate assets on our consolidated balance sheets and amortized over the useful lives of the real estate. interest capitalized for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $52.5 million and $68.2 million, respectively. these costs are not included in the interest expense referenced above.
at december 31, 2014, our variable rate debt consisted of bplp's $1.0 billion unsecured line of credit, of which no amount was outstanding at december 31, 2014. for a summary of our consolidated debt as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 refer to the heading "liquidity and capital resources-capitalization-debt financing" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
discontinued operations on april 10, 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-08, "reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity" ("asu 2014-08"). asu 2014-08 clarifies that discontinued operations presentation applies only to disposals representing a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results (e.g., a disposal of a major geographical area, a major line of business, a major equity method investment or other major parts of an entity). asu 2014-08 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2014. early adoption is permitted, and we early adopted asu 2014-08 during the first quarter of 2014. our adoption of asu 2014-08 resulted in the operating results and gains on sales of real estate from operating properties sold during the year ended december 31, 2014 not being reflected within discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of operations (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
prior to the adoption of asu 2014-08, we had the following properties that were considered discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2013: montvale center, 303 almaden boulevard, 1301 new york avenue, 10 & 20 burlington mall road and one preserve parkway. each of these dispositions is discussed below. for additional information about the differences between bxp and bplp, see the explanatory note.
on february 20, 2013, the foreclosure sale of our montvale center property was ratified by the court. as a result of the ratification, the mortgage loan totaling $25.0 million was extinguished and the related obligations were satisfied with the transfer of the real estate resulting in the recognition of a gain on forgiveness of debt totaling approximately $20.2 million and $20.7 million for bxp and bplp, respectively during the year ended december 31, 2013. the operating results of the property through the date of ratification have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on june 28, 2013, we completed the sale of our 303 almaden boulevard property located in san jose, california for a sale price of $40.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $39.3 million. 303 almaden boulevard is a class a office property totaling approximately 158,000 net rentable square feet. because we entered into the related purchase and sale agreement on march 28, 2013 and the carrying value of the property exceeded its net sale price, we recognized an impairment loss totaling approximately $3.2 million and $2.9 million for bxp and bplp, respectively during the three months ended march 31, 2013. as a result, there was no loss on sale of real estate recognized during the year ended december 31, 2013. the impairment loss and operating results of this property have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on august 22, 2013, we completed the sale of our 1301 new york avenue property located in washington, dc for a net contract sale price of approximately $121.7 million. after adjusting for outstanding lease and other transaction costs assumed by the buyer, the gross sale price was approximately $135.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $121.5 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $86.4 million and $88.6 million for bxp and bplp, respectively. 1301 new york avenue is a class a office property totaling approximately 201,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our 10 & 20 burlington mall road property located in burlington, massachusetts for a sale price of approximately $30.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $29.4 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $20.5 million and $21.0 million for bxp and bplp, respectively. 10 & 20
76
burlington mall road consists of two class a office properties aggregating approximately 152,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
on december 20, 2013, we completed the sale of our one preserve parkway property located in rockville, maryland for a sale price of approximately $61.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $59.9 million, resulting in a gain on sale of approximately $5.9 million. one preserve parkway is a class a office property totaling approximately 184,000 net rentable square feet. the operating results of the property through the date of sale have been classified as discontinued operations on a historical basis for all periods presented.
gains on sales of real estate gains on sales of real estate for the total property portfolio increased approximately $168.1 million and $174.7 million for bxp and bplp, respectively for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below.
name                                                                                 date sold           property type       square feet (sf) / acres            sale price            cash proceeds            bxp's gain on sale of real estate (1)
(dollars in millions)
2014
mountain view technology park and mountain view research park building sixteen (2)   july 29, 2014       office /technical   198,000 sf                         $92.1                   $90.6                                    $35.9
one reston overlook (3)                                                              august 20, 2014     land                n/a                                  2.6                     2.6                                      1.2
broad run business park (4)                                                          august 22, 2014     land parcel         15.5 acres                           9.8                     9.7                                      4.3
patriots park (5)                                                                    october 2, 2014     class a office      706,000 sf                         321.0                   319.1                                     84.6
130 third avenue                                                                     october 24, 2014    land parcel         n/a                                 14.3                    13.6                                      8.3
75 ames street (6)                                                                   december 30, 2014   land parcel         n/a                                 56.8                     n/a                                     33.8
$496.6                   $435.6                                          $168.1
___________
(1)   with the exception of patriots park the gains on sales of real estate were the same for bxp and bplp. the gain on sale of real estate for bplp was $91.2 million for patriots park. for additional information about the differences between bxp and bplp, see the explanatory note.
(2)   mountain view technology park is a seven-building complex.
(3)   land was taken by eminent domain.
(4)   land parcel was subject to a ground lease that was scheduled to expire on october 31, 2048 with a tenant that exercised its purchase option under the ground lease.
(5)   this property is a three-building complex. we have agreed to provide rent support payments to the buyer with a maximum obligation of up to approximately $12.3 million related to the leasing of 17,762 net rentable square feet at the properties, which has been recorded as a reduction to the gain on sale.
(6)   we completed the conveyance to an unrelated third party of a condominium interest in our 75 ames street property located in cambridge, massachusetts. on may 23, 2011, we had entered into a ground lease for the vacant land parcel at 75 ames street and had also entered into a development agreement to serve as project manager for a 250,000 square foot research laboratory building to be developed on the site at the ground lessee's expense and to also serve, upon completion of development, as property manager. gross proceeds to us were approximately $56.8 million, including $11.4 million in development fees for our services, and were received beginning in may 2011. the cash received under the ground lease was initially recognized as unearned revenue and recognized over the 99-year term of the ground lease as ground lease revenue totaling approximately $459,000 per year prior to the conveyance of the condominium interest. the terms of the ground lease required us to form a condominium for the site upon completion of the development, at which time each party would subject their respective interests in the buildings and land to the condominium and would in turn be conveyed a condominium unit comprised of their respective building as well as an undivided ownership interest in the land. as a result of the conveyance and the transfer of title, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate.
77
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships noncontrolling interests in property partnerships increased by approximately $29.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 as detailed below.
property       date of consolidation                           partners' noncontrolling interest for the year ended december 31,
2014                        2013           change
(in thousands)
505 9th street       october 1, 2007                    $2,332                   $2,423                                   $(91       )
fountain square (1)       october 4, 2012                    11,083                   6,636                                   4,447
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) (2)       may 31, 2013                      (14,990       )           (13,531         )                      (1,459       )
times square tower       october 9, 2013                    26,736                   5,819                                  20,917
601 lexington avenue       october 30, 2014                    3,177                   -                                       3,177
100 federal street       october 30, 2014                      646                   -                       646
atlantic wharf office building       october 30, 2014                    1,577                   -                                       1,577
$30,561                   $1,347                                $29,214
___________
(1)   during the year ended december 31, 2014, we made an out-of-period adjustment of approximately $1.9 million related to the cumulative non-cash adjustment to the accretion of the changes in the redemption value of the noncontrolling interest.
(2)   the net loss allocation is primarily due to the partners' share of the interest expense for the outside members' notes payable which was $28.3 million and $16.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
noncontrolling interest-common units of the operating partnership for bxp, noncontrolling interest-common units of the operating partnership decreased by approximately $19.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due to a decrease in allocable income partially offset by an increase in the noncontrolling interest's ownership percentage. due to our ownership structure, there is no corresponding line item on bplp's financial statements.
liquidity and capital resources general our principal liquidity needs for the next twelve months and beyond are to:
•   fund normal recurring expenses;
•   meet debt service and principal repayment obligations, including balloon payments on maturing debt;
•   fund capital expenditures, including major renovations, tenant improvements and leasing costs;
•   fund development costs;
•   fund dividend requirements on our series b preferred stock.
•   fund possible property acquisitions; and
•   make the minimum distributions required to enable bxp to maintain its reit qualification under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended.
we expect to satisfy these needs using one or more of the following:
•   cash flow from operations;
•   distribution of cash flows from joint ventures;
•   cash and cash equivalent balances;
•   issuances of bxp equity securities and/or additional preferred or common units of partnership interest in bplp;
•   bplp's unsecured line of credit or other short-term bridge facilities;
•   construction loans;
•   long-term secured and unsecured indebtedness (including unsecured exchangeable indebtedness); and
•   sales of real estate.
78
we draw on multiple financing sources to fund our long-term capital needs. our current consolidated development properties are expected to be funded with our available cash balances. bplp's unsecured line of credit is utilized primarily as a bridge facility to fund acquisition opportunities, refinance outstanding indebtedness and meet short-term development and working capital needs. although we may seek to fund our development projects with construction loans, which may be guaranteed by bplp, the financing for each particular project ultimately depends on several factors, including, among others, the project's size and duration, the extent of pre-leasing and our available cash and access to cost effective capital at the given time.
the following table presents information on properties under construction as of december 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):
construction properties                                    estimatedstabilization date                location                  # ofbuildings          squarefeet       investmentto date(1)        estimated totalinvestment(1)         percentageleased(2)
office and retail
804 carnegie center                                        second quarter, 2016                       princeton, nj                1              130,000                   $42,635                          $47,000                         100           %
1265 main street (50% ownership)                           fourth quarter, 2016                       waltham, ma                  1              115,000                    12,949                           26,090                         100           %
prudential center retail expansion                         fourth quarter, 2016                       boston, ma                   -               15,000                     9,998                           10,760                         100           %
601 massachusetts avenue (3)                               first quarter, 2017                        washington, dc               1              478,000                   304,875                          339,760                          90           %
10 citypoint                                               second quarter, 2017                       waltham, ma                  1              245,000                    74,231                          100,400                          96           %
888 boylston street                                        fourth quarter, 2017                       boston, ma                   1              425,000                   154,875                          271,500                          68           %
salesforce tower (95% ownership)                           first quarter, 2019                        san francisco, ca            1            1,400,000                   432,389                        1,073,500                          59           %
the hub on causeway (50% ownership)                        fourth quarter, 2019                       boston, ma                   1              385,000                    10,771                          141,870                          33           %
dock72 (50% ownership)                                     first quarter, 2020                        brooklyn, ny                 1              670,000                    11,250                          204,900                          33           %
total office and retail properties under construction                                                                              8            3,863,000                 1,053,973                        2,215,780                          59           %
residential cambridge residential / 88 ames (274 units)                first quarter, 2019                        cambridge, ma                1              164,000                     9,495                          140,170                         n/a reston signature site (508 units)                          second quarter, 2020                       reston, va                   1              514,000                    26,219                          217,232                         n/a total residential properties under construction                                                                                    2              678,000                    35,714                          357,402                         n/a redevelopment reservoir place north                                      first quarter, 2017                        waltham, ma                  1               73,000                     8,678                           24,510                           -           %
total redevelopment properties under construction                                                                                  1               73,000                     8,678                           24,510                           -           %
total properties under construction and redevelopment                                                                             11            4,614,000                $1,098,365                       $2,597,692                          60           %   (4   )
___________
(1)   represents our share. includes net revenue during lease up period, interest carry, acquisition expenses and approximately $86.9 million of construction cost and leasing commission accruals.
(2)   represents percentage leased as of february 22, 2016, including leases with future commencement dates.
(3)   as of february 22, 2016, this property was 81% placed in-service.
(4)   includes approximately 33,000 square feet of retail space from the residential developments which is 0% leased.
contractual rental revenue, recoveries from tenants, other income from operations, available cash balances and draws on bplp's unsecured line of credit are our principal sources of capital used to pay operating expenses, debt service, recurring capital expenditures, tenant improvements and the minimum distribution required to enable bxp to maintain its reit qualification. we seek to maximize income from our existing properties by maintaining quality standards for our properties that promote high occupancy rates and permit increases in rental rates while reducing tenant turnover and controlling operating expenses. our sources of revenue also include third-party fees generated by our property management, leasing, and development and construction businesses, as well as the sale of assets from time to time. we believe our revenue, together with our cash balances and proceeds from financing activities, will continue to provide the necessary funds for our short-term liquidity needs.
79
material adverse changes in one or more sources of capital may adversely affect our net cash flows. such changes, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to fund operating expenses, dividends and distributions, debt service payments, recurring capital expenditures and tenant improvements. in addition, a material adverse change in the cash provided by our operations may affect our ability to comply with the financial covenants under bplp's unsecured line of credit and unsecured senior notes.
our primary uses of capital will be the completion of our current developments, which, through 2020, have remaining costs to fund of approximately $1.5 billion, as of december 31, 2015, and our 2016 and 2017 debt maturities, which are discussed below.  with approximately $1.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents and approximately $983.9 million available under bplp's unsecured line of credit, as of february 22, 2016, we have sufficient capital to complete these developments.  we believe that our strong liquidity, including our availability under bplp's unsecured line of credit, and proceeds from potential asset sales and debt financings provide sufficient liquidity to fund our remaining capital requirements on existing development projects and pursue additional attractive investment opportunities, including new developments.  we also have full availability under bxp's $600 million at-the-market equity offering program.
we remain focused on our upcoming debt maturities in 2016 and 2017. following our december 2015 defeasance of the $640.5 million mortgage loan secured by 100 & 200 clarendon street (formerly known as the john hancock tower and garage) properties located in boston, which bore interest at a fixed coupon/stated rate of 5.68% per annum, a gaap interest rate of 5.05% per annum and was scheduled to mature on january 6, 2017, our consolidated debt maturities through the end of 2017 consist of five mortgage/mezzanine loans totaling approximately $2.9 billion (of which our share of the consolidated entities is approximately $2.3 billion). these loans have a weighted-average coupon/stated interest rate of approximately 5.92% per annum and a gaap interest rate of approximately 4.08% per annum.
the secured debt markets for high-quality stabilized properties in strong locations remain attractive. the bond market has experienced some rate and spread volatility over the past few months from global events but continues to operate efficiently, and high-quality borrowers like us continue to have access as demonstrated by bplp's january 2016 issuance of $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.650% senior unsecured notes due 2026 yielding an effective interest rate (including financing fees) of 3.766%. with a portion of the remaining proceeds, we anticipate repaying the approximately $211 million mortgage loan on our fountain square property, which is prepayable at par in april 2016.
to reduce the risk associated with potential future interest rate increases, bplp has entered into forward-starting interest rate swap contracts which fix the 10-year swap rate at a weighted-average rate of 2.423% per annum on notional amounts aggregating $550 million.
in addition, 767 fifth partners llc, which is the consolidated entity in which we have a 60% interest and owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city, entered into forward-starting interest rate swap contracts, including two subsequent to december 31, 2015, which fix the 10-year swap rate at a weighted-average rate of approximately 2.619% per annum on notional amounts aggregating $450 million. these swaps are targeting the refinancing of the property's mortgage loans totaling $1.6 billion that mature on october 7, 2017 but can be prepaid without penalty beginning in june 2017.
our asset sale strategy and the delivery of development properties at superior yields have resulted in a reduction in our leverage position. as our new development deliveries stabilize, we expect these ratios to continue to improve and create additional investment capacity for new developments and acquisition opportunities.
reit tax distribution considerations dividend bxp as a reit is subject to a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that bxp currently distribute at least 90% of its annual taxable income (excluding capital gains and with certain other adjustments). our policy is for bxp to distribute at least 100% of its taxable income, including capital gains, to avoid paying federal tax. on december 8, 2014, bxp's board of directors declared a special cash dividend of $4.50 per common share payable on january 28, 2015 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on december 31, 2014. the decision to declare a special dividend was primarily a result of the taxable gains associated with the sale of approximately $2.3 billion of assets during 2014 partially offset by our election to deduct costs that were capitalized in prior years that may now be deducted under the new tangible property regulations, discussed below. the board of directors did not make any change in its policy with respect to regular quarterly dividends. holders of common units of limited partnership interest in bplp as of the close of business on december 31, 2014 received the same distribution on january 28, 2015. on december 17, 2015, bxp's board of directors declared a special cash dividend of $1.25 per common share payable on january 28, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on december 31, 2015. the decision to declare a special dividend was primarily a result of the taxable gains associated with the sale of approximately $584 million of assets in 2015. the board of directors did not make any change to
80
its policy with respect to regular quarterly dividends. common and ltip unitholders of limited partnership interest in bplp, as of the close of business on december 31, 2015, received the same total distribution per unit, on january 28, 2016.
bxp's board of directors will continue to evaluate bxp's dividend rate in light of our actual and projected taxable income, liquidity requirements and other circumstances, and there can be no assurance that the future dividends declared by its board of directors will not differ materially.
application of recent regulations in september 2013, the internal revenue service released final regulations governing when taxpayers like us must capitalize and depreciate costs for acquiring, maintaining, repairing and replacing tangible property and when they can deduct such costs.  these final regulations are effective for tax years beginning on or after january 1, 2014. these regulations permitted us to deduct certain types of expenditures that were previously required to be capitalized by us. they also allowed us to make a one-time election to immediately deduct certain amounts that were capitalized in previous years that are not required to be capitalized under the new regulations.  we analyzed how the application of the new regulations affects our business and decided to make the election for the 2014 tax year. although such an election had an immaterial impact on our gaap financial statements and funds from operations, it materially reduced our taxable income and therefore bxp's dividend payout requirements under applicable reit tax regulations for 2014. it also could have an impact on bxp's dividend payout requirements in future years, as the amounts deducted in 2014 will no longer be depreciated over time, and amounts expended and deducted in future periods will vary, potentially resulting in more variation in our distribution requirement from year to year depending on our annual cost of now-deductible expenditures that previously would have been capitalized.  although bxp made the election for tax year 2014, there can be no assurance concerning the impact, if any, on the dividends declared by the board of directors of bxp in future taxable years.
sales to the extent that we sell assets at a gain and cannot efficiently use the proceeds in a tax deferred manner for either our development activities or attractive acquisitions, bxp would, at the appropriate time, decide whether it is better to declare a special dividend, adopt a stock repurchase program, reduce our indebtedness or retain the cash for future investment opportunities. such a decision will depend on many factors including, among others, the timing, availability and terms of development and acquisition opportunities, our then-current and anticipated leverage, the cost and availability of capital from other sources, the price of bxp's common stock and reit distribution requirements. at a minimum, we expect that bxp would distribute at least that amount of proceeds necessary for bxp to avoid paying corporate level tax on the applicable gains realized from any asset sales.
cash flow summary the following summary discussion of our cash flows is based on the consolidated statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows for the periods presented below.
cash and cash equivalents were approximately $0.7 billion and $1.8 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, representing a decrease of approximately $1.1 billion. the following table sets forth changes in cash flows:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                         2014        increase(decrease)
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities        $799,411                $695,553                 $103,858
net cash used in investing activities            (280,226    )           (665,124    )            384,898
net cash used in financing activities          (1,558,546    )           (632,487    )            (926,059          )
our principal source of cash flow is related to the operation of our properties. the average term of our in-place tenant leases, including our unconsolidated joint ventures, is approximately 6.9 years with occupancy rates historically in the range of 91% to 94%. our properties generate a relatively consistent stream of cash flow that provides us with resources to pay operating expenses, debt service and fund regular quarterly dividend and distribution payment requirements. in addition, over the past several years, we have raised capital through the sale of some of our properties, secured and unsecured borrowings and equity offerings of bxp.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, our total dividend / distributions payments exceeded our cash flow from operating activities due to the special dividend / distribution which was declared in december 2014 and paid to bxp's common
81
stockholders and bplp's common unitholders in january 2015. the cash flows distributed were primarily a result of the taxable gain associated with the sale of approximately $2.3 billion of assets during 2014 partially offset by our election to deduct costs that were capitalized in prior years that may not be deducted under the new tangible property regulations and were included as part of cash flows provided by financing activities. dividends / distributions will generally exceed cash flows from operating activities during periods in which we sell significant real estate assets and the distribution of gains occurs in a different period.
cash is used in investing activities to fund acquisitions, development, net investments in unconsolidated joint ventures and recurring and nonrecurring capital expenditures. we selectively invest in new projects that enable us to take advantage of our development, leasing, financing and property management skills and invest in existing buildings to enhance or maintain their market position. cash used in investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 consisted primarily of funding our development projects, investment in marketable securities and the proceeds from the sales of real estate, as detailed below:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                              2014
(in thousands)
acquisitions of real estate (1)                                                                                        $-                     $(4,670     )
construction in progress (2)                                                                                     (374,664     )              (405,942     )
building and other capital improvements                                                                          (112,755     )               (82,479     )
tenant improvements                                                                                              (144,572     )              (106,003     )
proceeds from sales of real estate (3)                                                                            602,600                     419,864
proceeds from sales of real estate and sales of interests in property partnerships placed in escrow (3)          (200,612     )            (1,912,347     )
proceeds from sales of real estate and sales of interests in property partnerships released from escrow (3)       634,165                   1,478,794
cash placed in escrow for land sale contracts                                                                      (7,111     )                     -
cash released from escrow for land sale contracts                                                                   5,312                           -
capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures (4)                                                        (38,207     )               (52,052     )
capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures (5)                                                       24,527                       1,491
investments in marketable securities (6)                                                                         (667,335     )                     -
investments in securities, net                                                                                     (1,574     )                (1,780     )
net cash used in investing activities                                                                           $(280,226     )             $(665,124     )
cash used in investing activities changed primarily due to the following:
(1)   on november 6, 2014, we entered into an option agreement pursuant to which we have been granted an option to purchase real property located at 425 fourth street in san francisco, california. in connection with the execution of the agreement, we paid a non-refundable option payment to the current owner of $1.0 million. we intend to pursue the entitlements necessary to develop the property. the purchase price has not been determined and is dependent on the entitlements obtained. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining the desired entitlements or that we will ultimately determine to exercise the option.
on november 12, 2014, we completed the acquisition of a parcel of land at 804 carnegie center in princeton, new jersey for a purchase price of approximately $3.7 million.
(2)   construction in progress for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes ongoing expenditures associated with the avant at reston town center, 250 west 55th street, 680 folsom street, 535 mission street and 690 folsom street, which were fully or partially placed in-service during the year ended december 31, 2014. in addition, we incurred costs associated with our continued development of 601 massachusetts avenue, 804 carnegie center, salesforce tower, 888 boylston street, 10 citypoint, the point (formerly 99 third avenue retail) and the prudential center retail expansion.
construction in progress for the year ended december 31, 2015 includes ongoing expenditures associated with 690 folsom street, 535 mission street, 601 massachusetts avenue and the point (formerly 99 third avenue retail), which were fully or partially placed in-service during the year ended december 31, 2015. in addition, we incurred costs associated with our continued development/redevelopment of 804 carnegie center, salesforce tower, 888 boylston street, 10 citypoint, the prudential center retail expansion, reservoir place north and cambridge and reston signature site residential projects.
82
(3)   on december 17, 2015, we completed the sale of our innovation place property for a gross sale price of $207.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $199.3 million.
on october 1, 2015, we completed the sale of an additional parcel of land within our washingtonian north property located in gaithersburg, maryland for a gross sale price of approximately $13.3 million. net cash proceeds, which included reimbursements for certain infrastructure costs, totaled approximately $13.8 million.
on september 18, 2015, a consolidated entity in which we have a 50% interest completed the sale of its 505 9th street, n.w. property located in washington, dc for approximately $318.0 million, including the assumption by the buyer of approximately $117.0 million of mortgage indebtedness.  net cash proceeds totaled approximately $194.6 million, of which our share was approximately $97.3 million.
on march 17, 2015, we completed the sale of our residences on the avenue property located in washington, dc for a gross sale price of $196.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $192.5 million. as of december 31, 2015, we have released from escrow approximately $192.3 million of the proceeds that were being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.
on february 19, 2015, we completed the sale of a parcel of land within our washingtonian north property located in gaithersburg, maryland for a gross sale price of $8.7 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $8.4 million. as of december 31, 2015, we had released from escrow approximately $8.3 million of the proceeds that were being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.
on october 24, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land at 130 third avenue in waltham, massachusetts for a sale price of approximately $14.3 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $13.6 million. as of december 31, 2015, we had released from escrow approximately $13.6 million of the proceeds that were being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.
on october 2, 2014, we completed the sale of patriots park located in reston, virginia for a gross sale price of $321.0 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $319.1 million. as of december 31, 2015, we had released from escrow approximately $320.0 million of the proceeds that were being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.
on august 22, 2014, we completed the sale of a parcel of land within our broad run business park property located in loudoun county, virginia for a sale price of approximately $9.8 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $9.7 million. as of december 31, 2015 we had released from escrow approximately $9.7 million of the proceeds that were being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.
on august 20, 2014, a portion of the land parcel at our one reston overlook property located in reston, virginia was taken by eminent domain. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $2.6 million.
on july 29, 2014, we completed the sale of our mountain view technology park properties and mountain view research park building sixteen property located in mountain view, california for an aggregate sale price of approximately $92.1 million. net cash proceeds totaled approximately $91.2 million. as of december 31, 2015, we had released from escrow approximately $90.2 million of the proceeds that were being held for possible investment in a like-kind exchange in accordance with section 1031 of the internal revenue code.
(4)   capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended december 31, 2015 were primarily due to cash contributions of approximately $14.3 million, $11.9 million and $11.5 million to our hub on causeway, 1265 main street and dock72 at the brooklyn navy yard joint ventures, respectively.
capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures for the year ended december 31, 2014 were primarily due to cash contributions of approximately $39.0 million, $5.4 million and $4.2 million to our 1001 6th street, annapolis junction and hub on causeway joint ventures, respectively.
(5)   capital distributions from unconsolidated joint ventures increased due to a distribution made by the joint venture that owns 901 new york avenue located in washington, dc. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we received a distribution of approximately $24.5 million, which was generated from the excess loan proceeds from the joint venture's refinancing of its mortgage loan to a new 10-year mortgage loan totaling $225.0 million. our allocation of income and distributions for the year ended december 31, 2015 was not proportionate to our nominal ownership interest as a result of the achievement of specified investment return thresholds, as provided for in the joint venture agreement.
83
(6)   on december 15, 2015, we legally defeased the mortgage loan collateralized by our 100 &amp; 200 clarendon street (formerly known as the john hancock tower and garage) properties located in boston, massachusetts. the mortgage loan had an outstanding principal balance of $640.5 million, bore interest at a fixed rate of 5.68% per annum and was scheduled to mature on january 6, 2017. the cash outlay required for the defeasance in the net amount of approximately $667.3 million was based on the purchase price of u.s. government securities that will generate sufficient cash flow to fund continued interest payments on the loan from the effective date of the defeasance through, and the repayment of the loan on, october 6, 2016, which is the date on which we could repay the loan at par.
cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 totaled approximately $1.6 billion. this consisted primarily of the payments of regular and special dividends and distributions to our shareholders and unitholders. future debt payments are discussed below under the heading "capitalization-debt financing."
capitalization at december 31, 2015, our total consolidated debt was approximately $9.0 billion. the gaap weighted-average annual interest rate on our consolidated indebtedness was 4.34% (with a coupon/stated rate of 4.91%) and the weighted-average maturity was approximately 4.3 years.
consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio, defined as total consolidated debt as a percentage of the value of our outstanding equity securities plus our total consolidated debt, is a measure of leverage commonly used by analysts in the reit sector. our total consolidated market capitalization was approximately $31.1 billion at december 31, 2015. our total consolidated market capitalization was calculated using the december 31, 2015 closing stock price of bxp's common stock of $127.54 per common share and the following: (1) 153,579,966 outstanding shares of bxp common stock, (2)16,097,473 outstanding common units of partnership interest in bplp (excluding common units held by bxp), (3) an aggregate of 1,614,860 common units issuable upon conversion of all outstanding ltip units, assuming all conditions have been met for the conversion of the ltip units, (4) 216,854 2012 opp units that were issued in the form of ltip units and earned as of february 6, 2015, (5) 80,000 shares (8,000,000 depositary shares, each representing 1/100th of a share) of bxp's 5.25% series b cumulative redeemable preferred stock, at a price of $2,500 per share ($25 per depositary share) and (6) our consolidated debt totaling approximately $9.0 billion. our total consolidated debt, which excludes debt collateralized by our unconsolidated joint ventures, at december 31, 2015, represented approximately 29.05% of our total consolidated market capitalization.
following the consolidation of 767 venture, llc (the entity that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)), effective june 1, 2013, our consolidated debt increased significantly compared to prior periods even though our economic interest in 767 venture, llc remained substantially unchanged at 60%. similarly, after selling an interest in 601 lexington avenue, our economic interest in the property decreased to 55% even though we continue to consolidate the related mortgage indebtedness. accordingly, we believe the presentation of total adjusted debt may provide investors with a more complete picture of our share of consolidated and unconsolidated debt. total adjusted debt is defined as our total consolidated debt, plus our share of unconsolidated joint venture debt, minus our joint venture partners' share of consolidated debt, and was approximately $8.4 billion at december 31, 2015. in addition, in light of the difference between our total consolidated debt and our total adjusted debt, we believe that also presenting our total adjusted debt to total adjusted market capitalization ratio may provide investors with a more complete picture of our leverage in relation to the overall size of our company. the calculation of the total adjusted debt to total adjusted market capitalization ratio is the same as consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio except that the total adjusted debt balance is used in lieu of the total consolidated debt balance. our total adjusted debt at december 31, 2015, represented approximately 27.57% of our total adjusted market capitalization.
the calculation of total consolidated and adjusted market capitalization does not include 309,818 2013 myltip units, 476,320 2014 myltip units and 368,415 2015 myltip units because, unlike other ltip units, they are not earned until certain return thresholds are achieved. these percentages will fluctuate with changes in the market value of bxp's common stock and does not necessarily reflect our capacity to incur additional debt to finance our activities or our ability to manage our existing debt obligations. however, for a company like ours, whose assets are primarily income-producing real estate, the consolidated debt to total consolidated market capitalization ratio and the adjusted debt to total adjusted market capitalization ratio may provide investors with an alternate indication of leverage, so long as it is evaluated along with other financial ratios and the various components of our outstanding indebtedness.
for a discussion of our unconsolidated joint venture indebtedness, see "liquidity and capital resources-capitalization-off-balance sheet arrangements-joint venture indebtedness" within "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
84
debt financing as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $9.0 billion of outstanding consolidated indebtedness, representing approximately 29.05% of our total consolidated market capitalization as calculated above consisting of approximately (1) $5.289 billion (net of discount) in publicly traded unsecured senior notes (excluding exchangeable senior notes) having a gaap weighted-average interest rate of 4.42% per annum and maturities in 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2023 and 2024; (2) $3.4 billion of property-specific mortgage debt having a gaap weighted-average interest rate of 4.11% per annum and weighted-average term of 2.5 years and (3) $0.3 billion of mezzanine notes payable associated with 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), having a gaap interest rate of 5.53% per annum and maturing in 2017. the table below summarizes our mortgage and mezzanine notes payable, bplp's unsecured senior notes and bplp's unsecured line of credit at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014:
december 31,
2015                                                                            2014
(dollars in thousands)
debt summary:
balance fixed rate mortgage notes payable                            $3,438,714                  $4,309,484
variable rate mortgage notes payable                                  -                           -
unsecured senior notes, net of discount                       5,289,317                   5,287,704
unsecured line of credit                                              -                           -
mezzanine notes payable                                         308,482                     309,796
total consolidated debt                                       9,036,513                   9,906,984
add:
our share of unconsolidated joint venture debt                  353,386                     351,500
deduct:
partners' share of consolidated mortgage notes payable         (865,772     )            (1,057,879     )
partners' share of consolidated mezzanine notes payable        (123,393     )              (123,918     )
total adjusted debt                                          $8,400,734                  $9,076,687
december 31,
2015                                                                                     2014
percent of total debt:
fixed rate                                                       100.00   %       100.00    %
variable rate                                                         -   %            -    %
total                                                            100.00   %       100.00    %
gaap weighted-average interest rate at end of period:
fixed rate                                                         4.34   %         4.40    %
variable rate                                                         -   %            -    %
total                                                              4.34   %         4.40    %
coupon/stated weighted-average interest rate at end of period:
fixed rate                                                         4.91   %         4.98    %
variable rate                                                         -   %            -    %
total                                                              4.91   %         4.98    %
unsecured line of credit bplp has a $1.0 billion revolving credit facility (the "unsecured line of credit") with a maturity date of july 26, 2018. bplp may increase the total commitment to $1.5 billion, subject to syndication of the increase and other conditions. at bplp's option, loans outstanding under the unsecured line of credit will bear interest at a rate per annum equal to (1), in the case of loans denominated in dollars, euro or sterling, libor or, in the case of loans denominated in canadian dollars, cdor, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0.925% to 1.70% based on bplp's credit rating or (2) an alternate base rate equal to the greatest of (a) the administrative agent's prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus 0.5% or (c) libor for a one month period plus 1.00%, in each case, plus a margin ranging from 0.0% to 0.70% based on bplp's credit rating. the unsecured line of
85
credit also contains a competitive bid option that allows banks that are part of the lender consortium to bid to make loan advances to bplp at a reduced interest rate. in addition, bplp is also obligated to pay (1) in quarterly installments a facility fee on the total commitment at a rate per annum ranging from 0.125% to 0.35% based on bplp's credit rating and (2) an annual fee on the undrawn amount of each letter of credit equal to the libor margin. based on bplp's libor and cdor margin is 1.00%, the alternate base rate margin is 0.0% and the facility fee is 0.15%.
the terms of the unsecured line of credit require that bplp maintain a number of customary financial and other covenants on an ongoing basis, including: (1) a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however, the leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60% within one year, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 55%, (3) a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.40, (4) an unsecured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, however, the unsecured debt leverage ratio may increase to no greater than 65% provided that it is reduced back to 60% within one year, (5) an unsecured debt interest coverage ratio of at least 1.75 and (6) limitations on permitted investments. bplp believes it is in compliance with the financial and other covenants listed above.
as of december 31, 2015, bplp had no amounts outstanding and letters of credit totaling approximately $16.4 million outstanding under the unsecured line of credit, and the ability to borrow approximately $983.6 million. as of february 22, 2016, bplp had no amounts outstanding and letters of credit totaling approximately $16.1 million outstanding under the unsecured line of credit, and the ability to borrow approximately $983.9 million.
unsecured senior notes the following summarizes the unsecured senior notes outstanding as of december 31, 2015 (dollars in thousands):
coupon/stated rate           effectiverate(1)         principalamount   maturity date(2)
10 year unsecured senior notes       5.875           %           5.967          %        $700,000           october 15, 2019
10 year unsecured senior notes       5.625           %           5.708          %         700,000           november 15, 2020
10 year unsecured senior notes       4.125           %           4.289          %         850,000           may 15, 2021
7 year unsecured senior notes       3.700           %           3.853          %         850,000           november 15, 2018
11 year unsecured senior notes       3.850           %           3.954          %       1,000,000           february 1, 2023
10.5 year unsecured senior notes       3.125           %           3.279          %         500,000           september 1, 2023
10.5 year unsecured senior notes       3.800           %           3.916          %         700,000           february 1, 2024
total principal                                                          5,300,000
net unamortized discount                                                            (10,683       )
total                                                         $5,289,317
_______________
(1)   yield on issuance date including the effects of discounts on the notes and the amortization of financing costs.
(2)   no principal amounts are due prior to maturity.
bplp's unsecured senior notes are redeemable at its option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (1) 100% of their principal amount or (2) the sum of the present value of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest discounted at a rate equal to the yield on u.s. treasury securities with a comparable maturity plus 35 basis points (or 20 basis points in the case of the $500 million of notes that mature on september 1, 2023, 25 basis points in the case of the $700 million of notes that mature on february 1, 2024, 40 basis points in the case of the $700 million of notes that mature on october 15, 2019 and 30 basis points in the case of the $700 million and $850 million of notes that mature on november 15, 2020 and may 15, 2021, respectively), in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. the indenture under which our unsecured senior notes were issued contains restrictions on incurring debt and using our assets as security in other financing transactions and other customary financial and other covenants, including (1) a leverage ratio not to exceed 60%, (2) a secured debt leverage ratio not to exceed 50%, (3) an interest coverage ratio of greater than 1.50, and (4) unencumbered asset value to be no less than 150% of our unsecured debt. as of december 31, 2015, bplp believes it was in compliance with each of these financial restrictions and requirements.
on january 20, 2016, bplp completed a public offering of $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of its 3.650% senior unsecured notes due 2026. the notes were priced at 99.708% of the principal amount to yield an effective rate (including financing fees) of 3.766% to maturity. the notes will mature on february 1, 2026, unless earlier redeemed. the
86
aggregate net proceeds from the offering were approximately $988.9 million after deducting underwriting discounts and estimated transaction expenses.
derivative instruments and hedging activities on february 19, 2015, bplp commenced a planned interest rate hedging program. to date, bplp has entered into forward-starting interest rate swap contracts which fix the 10-year swap rate at a weighted-average rate of approximately 2.423% per annum on notional amounts aggregating $550.0 million. the interest rate swap contracts were entered into in advance of a financing by bplp with a target commencement date in september 2016 and maturity in september 2026. bplp entered into the interest rate swap contracts designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges to reduce its exposure to the variability in future cash flows attributable to changes in the 10-year swap rate in contemplation of obtaining 10-year fixed-rate financing in september 2016.
in addition, our 767 fifth partners llc consolidated entity (the entity in which we have a 60% interest and that owns 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) in new york city) entered into forward-starting interest rate swap contracts, including two contracts entered into subsequent to december 31, 2015, which fix the 10-year swap rate at a weighted-average rate of approximately 2.619% per annum on notional amounts aggregating $450.0 million. these interest rate swap contracts were entered into in advance of a financing with a target commencement date in june 2017 and maturity in june 2027. our 767 fifth partners llc consolidated entity entered into the interest rate swap contracts designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges to reduce its exposure to the variability in future cash flows attributable to changes in the 10-year swap rate in contemplation of obtaining 10-year fixed-rate financing in june 2017 (see notes 7 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements).
mortgage notes payable the following represents the outstanding principal balances due under the mortgage notes payable at december 31, 2015:
properties                                                  statedinterest rate           gaapinterest rate(1)            statedprincipalamount      historicalfair valueadjustment                  carryingamount      carrying amount (partners' share)                           maturity date
(dollars in thousands)
wholly-owned
599 lexington avenue                                           5.57           %              5.41            %               $750,000                $-                                             $750,000             n/a                                            (2) (3)      march 1, 2017
embarcadero center four                                        6.10           %              7.02            %                348,886                -                                               348,886             n/a                                                (4)      december 1, 2016
fountain square                                                5.71           %              2.56            %                211,250                2,249                                           213,499             n/a                                             (2)(5)      october 11, 2016
new dominion tech park, bldg. one                              7.69           %              7.84            %                 38,494                -                                                38,494             n/a                                                         january 15, 2021
university place                                               6.94           %              6.99            %                 10,788                -                                                10,788             n/a                                                         august 1, 2021
1,359,418                2,249                                         1,361,667             n/a consolidated joint ventures
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)                 5.95           %              2.44            %              1,300,000                77,986                                        1,377,986             551,195                                      (2)(6)(7)      october 7, 2017
601 lexington avenue                                           4.75           %              4.79            %                699,061                -                                               699,061             314,577                                            (8)      april 10, 2022
1,999,061                77,986                                        2,077,047             $865,772
total                                                                                                                      $3,358,479                $80,235                                      $3,438,714             $865,772
_______________
(1)   gaap interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing charges, effects of hedging transactions and adjustments required to reflect loans at their fair values upon acquisition or consolidation. all adjustments to reflect loans at their fair value upon acquisition or consolidation are noted above.
(2)   the mortgage loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.
(3)   on december 19, 2006, we terminated the forward-starting interest rate swap contracts related to this financing and received approximately $10.9 million, which amount is reducing our gaap interest expense for this mortgage over the term of the financing, resulting in an effective interest rate of 5.41% per annum for the financing. the stated interest rate is 5.57% per annum.
(4)   under a previous interest rate hedging program, we are reclassifying into earnings over the eight-year term of the loan as an increase in interest expense approximately $26.4 million (approximately $3.3 million per year) of the amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheets within accumulated other comprehensive loss resulting in an effective interest rate of 7.02% per annum.
(5)   in connection with the mortgage financing we have agreed to guarantee approximately $0.7 million related to its obligation to provide funds for certain tenant re-leasing costs.
(6)   this property is owned by a consolidated entity in which we have a 60% interest.
87
(7)   in connection with the assumption of the loan, we guaranteed the joint venture's obligation to fund various escrows, including tenant improvements, taxes and insurance in lieu of cash deposits. as of december 31, 2015, there was no funding obligation under the guarantee. we earn a fee from the joint venture for providing the guarantee and have an agreement with our partners to reimburse the joint venture for their share of any payments made under the guarantee.
(8)   this property is owned by a consolidated entity in which we have a 55% interest.
contractual aggregate principal payments of mortgage notes payable at december 31, 2015 are as follows:
principal payments year             (in thousands)
2016          $576,864
2017         2,067,654
2018            18,633
2019            19,670
2020            20,766
thereafter           654,892
$3,358,479
mezzanine notes payable the following represents the outstanding principal balances due under the mezzanine notes payable at december 31, 2015:
property debt is associated with                      statedinterest rate          gaapinterest rate(1)         statedprincipalamount            historicalfair valueadjustment            carryingamount          carrying amount (partners' share)                           maturity date
(dollars in thousands)
767 fifth avenue (the general motors building)   6.02             %           5.53              %               $306,000                         $2,482                                    $308,482                $123,393                                     (1)(2)(3)      october 7, 2017
_______________
(1)   gaap interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to adjustments required to reflect loans at their fair values upon acquisition or consolidation. all adjustments to reflect loans at their fair value upon acquisition are noted above.
(2)   this property is owned by a consolidated joint venture in which we have a 60% interest.
(3)   the mortgage loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.
outside members' notes payable in conjunction with the consolidation of 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building), we recorded loans payable to the joint venture's partners totaling $450.0 million and related accrued interest payable totaling approximately $175.8 million. the member loans bear interest at a fixed rate of 11.0% per annum and mature on june 9, 2017. we have eliminated in consolidation our member loan totaling $270.0 million and our share of the related accrued interest payable of approximately $179.2 million at december 31, 2015. the remaining notes payable to the outside joint venture partners and related accrued interest payable totaling $180.0 million and approximately $119.4 million as of december 31, 2015 have been reflected as outside members' notes payable and within accrued interest payable, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets. the related interest expense from the outside members' notes payable totaling approximately $30.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 is fully allocated to the outside joint venture partners as an adjustment to noncontrolling interests in property partnerships in our consolidated statements of operations.
market risk market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. our future earnings, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevalent market interest rates. our primary market risk results from our indebtedness, which bears interest at fixed and variable rates. the fair value of our debt obligations are affected by changes in the market interest rates. we manage our market risk by matching long-term leases with long-term, fixed-rate, non-recourse debt of similar duration. we continue to follow a conservative strategy of generally pre-leasing development projects on a long-term basis to creditworthy tenants in order to achieve the most favorable construction and permanent financing terms. all of our outstanding debt, excluding our unconsolidated joint ventures, has fixed interest rates, which minimizes the interest rate risk through the maturity of such outstanding debt. we also manage our market risk by
88
entering into hedging arrangements with financial institutions. our primary objectives when undertaking hedging transactions and derivative positions is to reduce our floating rate exposure and to fix a portion of the interest rate for anticipated financing and refinancing transactions. this in turn, reduces the risks that the variability of cash flows imposes on variable rate debt. our strategy mitigates against future increases in our interest rates.
at december 31, 2015 our weighted-average coupon/stated rate on all of our outstanding consolidated debt, all of which had a fixed interest rate, was 4.91% per annum. at december 31, 2015, we had no outstanding consolidated variable rate debt.
funds from operations pursuant to the revised definition of funds from operations adopted by the board of governors of nareit, we calculate funds from operations, or ffo, by adjusting net income (loss) attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders or net income (loss) attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders (computed in accordance with gaap, including non-recurring items) for gains (or losses) from sales of properties, impairment losses on depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate, impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures, real estate related depreciation and amortization, and after adjustment for unconsolidated partnerships, joint ventures and preferred distributions. ffo is a non-gaap financial measure. management believes the use of ffo, combined with the required primary gaap presentations, has improved investors' understanding of the operating results of reits and makes comparisons of reit operating results more meaningful. management generally considers ffo to be a useful supplemental measure for reviewing our comparative operating and financial performance because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses on depreciable real estate of consolidated real estate, impairment losses on investments in unconsolidated joint ventures driven by a measurable decrease in the fair value of depreciable real estate held by the unconsolidated joint ventures and excluding real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can vary among owners of assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), ffo can help one compare the operating performance of a company's real estate between periods or as compared to different companies. our computation of ffo may not be comparable to ffo reported by other reits or real estate companies that do not define the term in accordance with the current nareit definition or that interpret the current nareit definition differently. amount represents bxp's share, which was 89.68%, 89.81%, 89.99%, 89.48% and 88.57% for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, after allocation to the noncontrolling interests.
ffo should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders or net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders (determined in accordance with gaap) as an indication of our performance. ffo does not represent cash generated from operating activities determined in accordance with gaap and is not a measure of liquidity or an indicator of our ability to make cash distributions. we believe that to further understand our performance, ffo should be compared with our reported net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders or net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders and considered in addition to cash flows in accordance with gaap, as presented in our consolidated financial statements.
89
boston properties, inc.
the following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders to ffo for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011:
year ended december 31,
2015   2014                  2013                                 2012   2011
(in thousands)
net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                                                                $572,606              $433,111              $741,754              $289,650              $272,679
add:
preferred dividends                                                                                                                     10,500                10,500                 8,057                     -                     -
noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations-common units of the operating partnership                                                 -                     -                14,151                 5,075                 1,243
noncontrolling interest-common units of the operating partnership                                                                       66,951                50,862                70,085                30,125                35,007
noncontrolling interest-redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                                                              6                 1,023                 6,046                 3,497                 3,339
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                                                      149,855                30,561                 1,347                 3,792                 1,558
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                                                 -                     -                 3,241                     -                     -
less:
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                                                     -                     -                20,182                     -                     -
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                                                   -                     -               112,829                36,877                     -
income from discontinued operations                                                                                                          -                     -                 8,022                 9,806                10,876
gains on sales of real estate                                                                                                          375,895               168,039                     -                     -                     -
income from continuing operations                                                                                                      424,023               358,018               703,648               285,456               302,950
add:
real estate depreciation and amortization (1)                                                                                          644,595               646,463               610,352               542,753               541,791
income from discontinued operations                                                                                                          -                     -                 8,022                 9,806                10,876
less:
gains on sales of real estate included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures (2)                                                  -                     -                54,501                   248                46,166
gains on consolidation of joint ventures (3)                                                                                                 -                     -               385,991                     -                     -
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships' share of funds from operations                                                      139,569                93,864                33,930                 5,684                 3,412
noncontrolling interest-redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership (4)                                                          6                 1,023                 4,079                 3,497                 3,339
preferred dividends                                                                                                                     10,500                10,500                 8,057                     -                     -
funds from operations (ffo) attributable to the operating partnership common unitholders (including boston properties, inc.)           918,543               899,094               835,464               828,586               802,700
less:
noncontrolling interest-common units of the operating partnership's share of funds from operations                                      94,828                91,588                84,000                87,167                91,709
funds from operations attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                                                     $823,715              $807,506              $751,464              $741,419              $710,991
our percentage share of funds from operations-basic                                                                                      89.68   %   89.81             %   89.99             %             89.48   %   88.57             %
weighted average shares outstanding-basic                                                                                              153,471               153,089               152,201               150,120               145,693
_______________
(1)   real estate depreciation and amortization consists of depreciation and amortization from the consolidated statements of operations of $639,542, $628,573, $560,637, $445,875 and $429,742, our share of unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization of $6,556, $19,251, $46,214, $90,076 and $103,970, and depreciation and amortization from discontinued operations of $0, $0, $4,760, $8,169 and $9,442, less corporate related depreciation and amortization of $1,503, $1,361, $1,259, $1,367 and $1,363, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
(2)   consists of the portion of income from unconsolidated joint ventures related to (1) the gain on sale of eighth avenue and 46th street totaling approximately $11.3 million and (2) the gain on sale of 125 west 55th street totaling approximately $43.2 million for the year ended december 31,
90
2013. consists of approximately $0.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of 300 billerica road for the year ended december 31, 2012. consists of approximately $46.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of two grand central tower for the year ended december 31, 2011.
(3)   the gains on consolidation of joint ventures consisted of (1) 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) totaling approximately $359.5 million and (2) our value-added fund's mountain view properties totaling approximately $26.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2013.
(4)   excludes approximately $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 of income allocated to the holders of series two preferred units to account for their right to participate on an as-converted basis in the special dividend that was primarily the result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property.
91
reconciliation to diluted funds from operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2015                                                         2014                                                          2013                                                         2012                                                         2011
(dollars in thousands)
income(numerator)             shares/units(denominator)           income(numerator)         shares/units(denominator)          income(numerator)         shares/units(denominator)          income(numerator)         shares/units(denominator)          income(numerator)         shares/units(denominator)
basic funds from operations                                                                                           $918,543                         171,139                           $899,094                    170,453                          $835,464                    169,126                          $828,586                    167,769                          $802,700                    164,486
effect of dilutive securities:
convertible preferred units (1)                                                                                       -                       373                               760                                      312                             3,150                      1,221                             3,079                      1,345                             3,339                      1,461
stock based compensation and exchangeable senior notes                                                                -                                      -                                  -                        219                                 -           320                                              -           591                                              -           525
diluted funds from operations                                                                                         $918,543                         171,512                           $899,854                    170,984                          $838,614                    170,667                          $831,665                    169,705                          $806,039                    166,472
less: noncontrolling interest-common units of the operating partnership's share of diluted funds from operations      94,622                            17,668                             91,381                     17,364                            83,167                     16,925                            86,493                     17,649                            90,992                     18,793
diluted funds from operations attributable to boston properties, inc. (2)                                             $823,921                         153,844                           $808,473                    153,620                          $755,447                    153,742                          $745,172                    152,056                          $715,047                    147,679
_______________
(1)   excludes approximately $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 of income allocated to the holders of series two preferred units to account for their right to participate on an as-converted basis in the special dividend that was primarily the result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property.
(2)   bxp's share of diluted funds from operations was 89.70%, 89.84%, 90.08%, 89.60% and 88.71% for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
92
boston properties limited partnership the following table presents a reconciliation of net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders to ffo for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011:
year ended december 31,
2015   2014                  2013                  2012                  2011
(in thousands)
net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders                     $648,748              $499,129              $841,516              $334,601              $317,152
add:
preferred distributions                                                                                   10,500                10,500                 8,057                     -                     -
noncontrolling interest-redeemable preferred units                                                             6                 1,023                 6,046                 3,497                 3,339
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                        149,855                30,561                 1,347                 3,792                 1,558
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                   -                     -                 2,852                     -                     -
less:
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                       -                     -                20,736                     -                     -
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                     -                     -               115,459                38,445                     -
income from discontinued operations                                                                            -                     -                 8,022                 9,806                10,876
gains on sales of real estate                                                                            377,093               174,686                     -                     -                     -
income from continuing operations                                                                        432,016               366,527               715,601               293,639               311,173
add:
real estate depreciation and amortization (1)                                                            636,602               637,954               602,304               534,570               533,568
income from discontinued operations                                                                            -                     -                 8,022                 9,806                10,876
less:
gains on sales of real estate included within income from unconsolidated joint ventures (2)                    -                     -                54,501       248                            46,166
gains on consolidation of joint ventures (3)                                                                   -                     -               385,991                     -                     -
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships' share of funds from operations                        139,569                93,864                33,930                 5,684                 3,412
noncontrolling interest-redeemable preferred units (4)                                                         6                 1,023                 4,079                 3,497                 3,339
preferred distributions                                                                                   10,500                10,500                 8,057                     -                     -
funds from operations attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders          $918,543              $899,094              $839,369              $828,586              $802,700
weighted average units outstanding-basic                                                                 171,139               170,453               169,126               167,769               164,486
_______________
(1)   real estate depreciation and amortization consists of depreciation and amortization from the consolidated statements of operations of $631,549, $620,064, $552,589, $437,692 and $421,519,our share of unconsolidated joint venture real estate depreciation and amortization of $6,556, $19,251, $46,214, $90,076 and $103,970, and depreciation and amortization from discontinued operations of $0, $0, $4,760, $8,169 and $9,442, less corporate related depreciation and amortization of $1,503, $1,361, $1,259, $1,367 and $1,363, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
(2)   consists of the portion of income from unconsolidated joint ventures related to (1) the gain on sale of eighth avenue and 46th street totaling approximately $11.3 million and (2) the gain on sale of 125 west 55th street totaling approximately $43.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. consists of approximately $0.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of 300 billerica road for the year ended december 31, 2012. consists of approximately $46.2 million related to the gain on sale of real estate associated with the sale of two grand central tower for the year ended december 31, 2011.
(3)   the gains on consolidation of joint ventures consisted of (1) 767 fifth avenue (the general motors building) totaling approximately $359.5 million and (2) our value-added fund's mountain view properties totaling approximately $26.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2013.
(4)   excludes approximately $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 of income allocated to the holders of series two preferred units to account for their right to participate on an as-converted basis in the special distribution that was primarily the result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property.
93
reconciliation to diluted funds from operations:
for the years ended december 31,
2015                                                         2014                                                          2013                                                         2012                                                         2011
(dollars in thousands)
income(numerator)           shares/units(denominator)         income(numerator)             shares/units(denominator)      income(numerator)             shares/units(denominator)      income(numerator)             shares/units(denominator)      income(numerator)             shares/units(denominator)
basic funds from operations                                 $918,543                    171,139                           $899,094                         170,453                     $839,369                         169,126                     $828,586                         167,769                     $802,700                         164,486
effect of dilutive securities:
convertible preferred units (1)                             -                       373                               760                                      312                     3,150                              1,221                     3,079                              1,345                     3,339                              1,461
stock based compensation and exchangeable senior notes      -                           -                                 -                                    219                     -                       320                                  -                       591                                  -                       525
diluted funds from operations                               $918,543                    171,512                           $899,854                         170,984                     $842,519                         170,667                     $831,665                         169,705                     $806,039                         166,472
_______________
(1)   excludes approximately $2.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 of income allocated to the holders of series two preferred units to account for their right to participate on an as-converted basis in the special distribution that was primarily the result of the sale of a 45% interest in our times square tower property.
94
net operating income net operating income, or "noi," is a non-gaap financial measure equal to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders, or net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, plus preferred dividends/distributions net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, impairment loss from discontinued operations, losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt, interest expense, depreciation and amortization, impairment loss, transaction costs and general and administrative expense, less gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations, gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations, income from discontinued operations, gains on sales of real estate, gains (losses) from investments in securities, interest and other income, gains on consolidation of joint ventures, income from unconsolidated joint ventures and development and management services revenue. we use noi internally as a performance measure and believe noi provides useful information to investors regarding our financial condition and results of operations because it reflects only those income and expense items that are incurred at the property level. therefore, we believe noi is a useful measure for evaluating the operating performance of our real estate assets.
our management also uses noi to evaluate regional property level performance and to make decisions about resource allocations. further, we believe noi is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, noi reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and development activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders or net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders. noi excludes certain components from net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders and net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders in order to provide results that are more closely related to our properties' results of operations. for example, interest expense is not necessarily linked to the operating performance of a real estate asset and is often incurred at the corporate level as opposed to the property level. in addition, depreciation and amortization, because of historical cost accounting and useful life estimates, may distort operating performance at the property level. noi presented by us may not be comparable to noi reported by other reits and real estate companies that define noi differently. we believe that in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our operating results, noi should be examined in conjunction with net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders and net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders as presented in our consolidated financial statements. noi should not be considered as an alternative to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders or net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders as an indication of our performance or to cash flows as a measure of liquidity or ability to make distributions.
95
boston properties, inc.
the following sets forth a reconciliation of noi to net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders for the fiscal years 2011 through 2015.
years ended december 31,
2015   2014                    2013                    2012                    2011
(in thousands)
net operating income                                                                                  $1,563,931              $1,507,156              $1,334,441              $1,145,918              $1,090,590
add:
development and management services income                                                                22,554                  25,316                  29,695                  34,060                  33,406
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                                 22,770                  12,769                  75,074                  49,078                  85,896
gains on consolidation of joint ventures                                                                       -                       -                 385,991                       -                       -
interest and other income                                                                                  6,777                   8,765                   8,310                  10,091                   5,358
gains (losses) from investments in securities                                                               (653   )               1,038                   2,911                   1,389                    (443   )
gains on sales of real estate                                                                            375,895                 168,039                       -                       -                       -
income from discontinued operations                                                                            -                       -                   8,022                   9,806                  10,876
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                                     -                       -                 112,829                  36,877                       -
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                                       -                       -                  20,182                       -                       -
less:
general and administrative                                                                                96,319                  98,937                 115,329                  90,129                  87,101
transaction costs                                                                                          1,259                   3,140                   1,744                   3,653                   1,987
impairment loss                                                                                                -                       -                   8,306                       -                       -
depreciation and amortization                                                                            639,542                 628,573                 560,637                 445,875                 429,742
interest expense                                                                                         432,196                 455,743                 446,880                 410,970                 391,533
losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt                                                         22,040                  10,633                    (122   )               4,453                   1,494
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                                   -                       -                   3,241                       -                       -
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                                        149,855                  30,561                   1,347                   3,792                   1,558
noncontrolling interest-redeemable preferred units of the operating partnership                                6                   1,023                   6,046                   3,497                   3,339
noncontrolling interests-common units of the operating partnership                                        66,951                  50,862                  70,085                  30,125                  35,007
noncontrolling interest in discontinued operations-common units of the operating partnership                   -                       -                  14,151                   5,075                   1,243
preferred dividends                                                                                       10,500                  10,500                   8,057                       -                       -
net income attributable to boston properties, inc. common shareholders                                  $572,606                $433,111                $741,754                $289,650                $272,679
96
boston properties limited partnership the following sets forth a reconciliation of noi to net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders for the fiscal years 2011 through 2015.
years ended december 31,
2015   2014                    2013                    2012                    2011
(in thousands)
net operating income                                                                         $1,563,931              $1,507,156              $1,334,441              $1,145,918              $1,090,590
add:
development and management services income                                                       22,554                  25,316                  29,695                  34,060                  33,406
income from unconsolidated joint ventures                                                        22,770                  12,769                  75,074                  49,078                  85,896
gains on consolidation of joint ventures                                                              -                       -                 385,991                       -                       -
interest and other income                                                                         6,777                   8,765                   8,310                  10,091                   5,358
gains (losses) from investments in securities                                                      (653   )               1,038                   2,911                   1,389                    (443   )
gains on sales of real estate                                                                   377,093                 174,686                       -                       -                       -
income from discontinued operations                                                                   -                       -                   8,022                   9,806                  10,876
gains on sales of real estate from discontinued operations                                            -                       -                 115,459                  38,445                       -
gain on forgiveness of debt from discontinued operations                                              -                       -                  20,736                       -                       -
less:
general and administrative                                                                       96,319                  98,937                 115,329                  90,129                  87,101
transaction costs                                                                                 1,259                   3,140                   1,744                   3,653                   1,987
impairment loss                                                                                       -                       -                   4,401                       -                       -
depreciation and amortization                                                                   631,549                 620,064                 552,589                 437,692                 421,519
interest expense                                                                                432,196                 455,743                 446,880                 410,970                 391,533
losses (gains) from early extinguishments of debt                                                22,040                  10,633                    (122   )               4,453                   1,494
impairment loss from discontinued operations                                                          -                       -                   2,852                       -                       -
noncontrolling interests in property partnerships                                               149,855                  30,561                   1,347                   3,792                   1,558
noncontrolling interest-redeemable preferred units                                                    6                   1,023                   6,046                   3,497                   3,339
preferred distributions                                                                          10,500                  10,500                   8,057                       -                       -
net income attributable to boston properties limited partnership common unitholders            $648,748                $499,129                $841,516                $334,601                $317,152
97
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, we were subject to contractual payment obligations as described in the table below.
payments due by period total   2016                    2017                    2018                    2019                                 2020               thereafter
(dollars in thousands)
contractual obligations:
long-term debt mortgage debt (1)                                       $4,128,878                $780,914              $2,493,043                 $53,271               $53,267               $53,262               $695,121
unsecured senior notes (1)(2)                            6,568,240                 227,738                 227,738               1,077,738               896,288               855,163              3,283,575
unsecured line of credit (1)                                     -                       -                       -                       -                     -                     -                      -
ground leases (3)                                          671,617                  15,188                  30,658                  11,507                 9,693                 9,870                594,701
tenant obligations (4)(5)                                  360,685                 226,742                  96,732                  27,687                 2,980                 2,825                  3,719
construction contracts on development projects (5)       1,410,045                 671,433                 527,116                 180,716                30,429                   351                      -
other obligations (6)                                       18,960                   4,121                  12,658                   1,681       412                                81       7
total contractual obligations                          $13,158,425              $1,926,136              $3,387,945              $1,352,600              $993,069              $921,552             $4,577,123
_______________
(1)   amounts include principal and interest payments.
(2)   on january 20, 2016, bplp completed a public offering of $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of its 3.650% senior unsecured notes due 2026 (see note 20 to the consolidated financial statements).
(3)   the table includes our 99-year ground and air rights lease related to our 200 clarendon street property's adjacent 100 clarendon street garage and back bay station concourse level. we expect to incur the remaining contractual ground lease payments aggregating approximately $28.9 million over the next three years with no payments thereafter. we are recognizing these amounts on a straight-line basis over the 99-year term of the ground and air rights lease (see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements).
(4)   committed tenant-related obligations based on executed leases as of december 31, 2015 (tenant improvements and lease commissions).
(5)   includes 100% of the obligations for our consolidated entities and only our share for the unconsolidated joint ventures.
(6)   includes the maximum revenue support obligation that we may be required to pay related to the sale of our patriots park properties.
we have various standing or renewable service contracts with vendors related to our property management. in addition, we have certain other contracts we enter into in the ordinary course of business that may extend beyond one year. these contracts are not included as part of our contractual obligations because they include terms that provide for cancellation with insignificant or no cancellation penalties. contract terms are generally between three to five years.
during 2015, we paid approximately $235.0 million to fund tenant-related obligations, including tenant improvements and leasing commissions, and incurred approximately $256 million of new tenant-related obligations associated with approximately 4.6 million square feet of second generation leases, or approximately $56 per square foot. in addition, we signed leases for approximately 667,000 square feet at our development properties. the tenant-related obligations for the development properties are included within the projects' "estimated total investment" referred to in "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-liquidity and capital resources." in the aggregate, during 2015, we signed leases for approximately 5.2 million square feet of space and incurred aggregate tenant-related obligations of approximately $307 million, or approximately $58 per square foot.
off-balance sheet arrangements-joint venture indebtedness we have investments in unconsolidated joint ventures with our effective ownership interests ranging from 25% to 60%. six of these joint ventures have mortgage indebtedness. we exercise significant influence over, but do not control, these entities and therefore they are presently accounted for using the equity method of accounting. see also note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. at december 31, 2015, the aggregate carrying amount of debt, including both our and our partners' share, incurred by these ventures was approximately $833.9 million (of which our proportionate share is approximately $353.4 million). the table below summarizes the outstanding debt of these joint venture properties at december 31, 2015. from time to time, we (or the applicable joint venture) have also agreed to guarantee portions of the principal, interest or other amounts in connection with other unconsolidated joint venture borrowings. in addition, we have agreed to customary construction completion guarantees for construction loans, environmental indemnifications and nonrecourse carve-outs (e.g., guarantees against fraud, misrepresentation and bankruptcy) on certain of the loans.
98
properties                                our ventureownership%           statedinterestrate          gaapinterestrate(1)             statedprincipalamount             carrying amount (our share)                    maturity date
(dollars in thousands)
540 madison avenue                              60            %             1.71           %             1.88           %                $120,000                               $72,000                   (2)(3)       june 5, 2018
metropolitan square                             51            %             5.75           %             5.81           %                 168,910                                86,144                                may 5, 2020
market square north                             50            %             4.85           %             4.91           %                 125,607                                62,802                                october 1, 2020
annapolis junction building one                 50            %             1.96           %             2.12           %                  40,154                                20,077                      (4)       march 31, 2018
annapolis junction building six                 50            %             2.53           %             2.67           %                  13,359                                 6,680                   (2)(5)       november 17, 2016
annapolis junction building seven               50            %             1.86           %             2.42           %                  21,426                                10,713                   (2)(6)       april 4, 2016
annapolis junction building eight               50            %             1.71           %             2.15           %                  14,439                                 7,220                   (2)(7)       june 23, 2017
500 north capitol street                        30            %             4.15           %             4.19           %                 105,000                                31,500                      (2)       june 6, 2023
901 new york avenue                             25            %             3.61           %             3.68           %                 225,000                                56,250                                january 5, 2025
total                                                                                                                                    $833,895                              $353,386
_______________
(1)   gaap interest rate differs from the stated interest rate due to the inclusion of the amortization of financing charges.
(2)   the loan requires interest only payments with a balloon payment due at maturity.
(3)   mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.50% per annum.
(4)   mortgage loan bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.75% per annum and matures on march 31, 2018 with one, three-year extension option, subject to certain conditions.
(5)   the construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 2.25% per annum.
(6)   the construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.65% per annum and matures on april 4, 2016 with two, one-year extension option, subject to certain conditions.
(7)   the construction financing bears interest at a variable rate equal to libor plus 1.50% per annum and matures on june 23, 2017 with two, one-year extension option, subject to certain conditions.
environmental matters it is our policy to retain independent environmental consultants to conduct or update phase i environmental assessments (which generally do not involve invasive techniques such as soil or ground water sampling) and asbestos surveys in connection with our acquisition of properties. these pre-purchase environmental assessments have not revealed environmental conditions that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and we are not otherwise aware of environmental conditions with respect to our properties that we believe would have such a material adverse effect. however, from time to time environmental conditions at our properties have required and may in the future require environmental testing and/or regulatory filings, as well as remedial action.
in february 1999, we (through a joint venture) acquired from exxon corporation a property in massachusetts that was formerly used as a petroleum bulk storage and distribution facility and was known by the state regulatory authority to contain soil and groundwater contamination. we developed an office park on the property. we engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to oversee the management of contaminated soil and groundwater that was disturbed in the course of construction. under the property acquisition agreement, exxon agreed to (1) bear the liability arising from releases or discharges of oil and hazardous substances which occurred at the site prior to our ownership, (2) continue monitoring and/or remediating such releases and discharges as necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable requirements, and (3) indemnify us for certain losses arising from preexisting site conditions. any indemnity claim may be subject to various defenses, and there can be no assurance that the amounts paid under the indemnity, if any, would be sufficient to cover the liabilities arising from any such releases and discharges.
environmental investigations at some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates have identified groundwater contamination migrating from off-site source properties. in each case we engaged a licensed environmental consultant to perform the necessary investigations and assessments, and to prepare any required submittals to the regulatory authorities. in each case the environmental consultant concluded that the properties qualify under the regulatory program or the regulatory practice for a status which eliminates certain deadlines for conducting response actions at a site. we also believe that these properties qualify for liability relief under certain statutory provisions or regulatory practices regarding upgradient releases. although we believe that the current or former owners of the upgradient source properties may bear responsibility for some or all of the costs of addressing the identified groundwater contamination, we will take such further response actions (if any) that we deem necessary or advisable. other than periodic testing at some of these properties, no such additional response actions are anticipated at this time.
99
some of our properties and certain properties owned by our affiliates are located in urban, industrial and other previously developed areas where fill or current or historical use of the areas have caused site contamination. accordingly, it is sometimes necessary to institute special soil and/or groundwater handling procedures and/or include particular building design features in connection with development, construction and other property operations in order to achieve regulatory closure and/or ensure that contaminated materials are addressed in an appropriate manner. in these situations it is our practice to investigate the nature and extent of detected contamination, including potential issues associated with contaminant migration, assess potential liability risks and estimate the costs of required response actions and special handling procedures. we then use this information as part of our decision-making process with respect to the acquisition, deal structure and/or development of the property. for example, we own a parcel in massachusetts which was formerly used as a quarry/asphalt batching facility. pre-purchase testing indicated that the site contained relatively low levels of certain contaminants. we have developed an office park on this property. prior to and during redevelopment activities, we engaged a specially licensed environmental consultant to monitor environmental conditions at the site and prepare necessary regulatory submittals based on the results of an environmental risk characterization. a submittal has been made to the regulatory authorities in order to achieve regulatory closure at this site. the submittal included an environmental deed restriction that mandates compliance with certain protective measures in a portion of the site where low levels of residual soil contamination have been left in place in accordance with applicable laws.
we expect that resolution of the environmental matters described above will not have a material impact on our business, assets, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, we cannot assure you that we have identified all environmental liabilities at our properties, that all necessary remediation actions have been or will be undertaken at our properties, that we will be indemnified, in full or at all, or that we will have insurance coverage in the event that such environmental liabilities arise.
new accounting pronouncements for a discussion of the new accounting pronouncements which may have an effect on our consolidated financial statements (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements).
inflation substantially all of our leases provide for separate real estate tax and operating expense escalations over a base amount. in addition, many of our leases provide for fixed base rent increases or indexed increases. we believe that inflationary increases in costs may be at least partially offset by the contractual rent increases and operating expense escalations.
100
