item 7: management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following overview is a high-level discussion of our operating results, as well as some of the trends and drivers that affect our business. management believes that an understanding of these trends and drivers provides important context for our results for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, as well as our future prospects. this summary is not intended to be exhaustive, nor is it intended to be a substitute for the detailed discussion and analysis provided elsewhere in this form 10-k, including in the "business" section and the "risk factors" above, the remainder of this "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a")", and the consolidated financial statements and related notes.
about electronic arts we are a global leader in digital interactive entertainment. we develop, market, publish and distribute games, content and services that can be played by consumers on a variety of platforms, which include consoles (such as the playstation from sony, and the xbox from microsoft), pcs, mobile phones and tablets. some of our games are based on our wholly-owned intellectual property (e.g., battlefield, mass effect, need for speed, the sims and plants vs. zombies), and some of our games leverage content that we license from others (e.g., fifa, madden nfl and star wars). we also publish and distribute games developed by third parties (e.g., titanfall). our products and services may be purchased through multiple distribution channels, including physical and online retailers, platform providers such as console manufacturers, providers of free-to-download pc games, mobile carriers and directly through origin, our own digital distribution platform.
financial results our key financial results for our fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 were as follows:
•   total net revenue was $4,396 million, down 3 percent year-over-year. excluding the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rates, we estimate that total net revenue would have been $4,662 million, up 3 percent year over year.
•   digital revenue was $2,409 million, up 10 percent year-over-year.
•   international net revenue was $2,489 million, down 3 percent year-over-year.
•   gross margin was 69.2 percent.
•   operating expenses were $2,144 million.
•   net income was $1,156 million, with diluted earnings per share of $3.50.
•   operating cash flow was $1,223 million.
•   cash and cash equivalents were $2,493 million and short-term investments were $1,341 million.
trends in our business digital transformation. our business continues to transform from a traditional packaged goods business model to one in which our games and services are sold and delivered digitally, with additional content, features and services helping to extend the life of our packaged goods and digital games. for example, the ultimate team mode incorporated into iterations of our fifa, madden nfl and nhl franchises and expansion packs available digitally for our star wars, battlefield and sims franchises have kept many of our players engaged with those games for longer periods of time. our digital transformation is also creating opportunities in platforms, content models and modalities of play. for example, we have leveraged franchises typically associated with consoles and traditional pc gaming, such as fifa, madden nfl, the sims, simcity and star wars, to create mobile and pc free-to-download games that are monetized through a business model through which we sell incremental content and/or features in discrete transactions. we also provide our ea access service for the xbox one and origin access service on pc, which offer players access to a selection of ea games and other benefits for a monthly or annual fee.
our digital transformation also gives us the opportunity to strengthen our player network. we are investing in a technology foundation to enable us to build player relationships that can last for years instead of for days or weeks by connecting our players to us and to each other. this connection allows us to market and deliver content and services for popular franchises like fifa, battlefield and star wars to our players more efficiently. that same foundation also enables new player-centric ways to discover and try new experiences, such as our subscription-based ea access and origin access services.
23
we significantly increased our digital net revenue from $1,833 million in fiscal year 2014 to $2,199 million in fiscal year 2015 and $2,409 million during fiscal year 2016. we expect this portion of our business to continue to grow through fiscal year 2017 and beyond as we continue to focus on developing and monetizing products and services that can be delivered digitally.
foreign currency exchange rates. international sales are a fundamental part of our business, and the strengthening of the u.s. dollar (particularly relative to the euro, british pound sterling, australian dollar, chinese yuan and south korean won) has a negative impact on our reported international net revenue, but a positive impact on our reported international operating expenses (particularly the swedish krona and canadian dollar) because these amounts are translated at lower rates as compared to periods in which the u.s. dollar is weaker. while we use foreign currency hedging contracts to mitigate some foreign currency exchange risk, these activities are limited in the protection that they provide us and can themselves result in losses. we estimate that foreign currency exchange rates had a negative impact of $266 million on our reported net revenue during fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015, but the strengthening of the u.s. dollar had a positive impact of $113 million on our reported operating expenses as a significant portion of those expenses are incurred outside the united states.
mobile and pc free-to-download games. the proliferation of mobile phones and tablets has significantly increased the consumer base for mobile games. the broad consumer acceptance of business models which allow consumers to try new games with no up-front cost and pay for additional content or in-game items, has led to growth in the mobile gaming industry. likewise, the mass introduction and wide consumer acceptance of free-to-download, micro-transaction-based pc games played over the internet has also broadened our consumer base. we expect revenue generated from mobile and pc free-to-download games to remain an important part of our business.
we track an estimate of monthly active users ("maus") for our mobile business, which we believe is a useful indicator of player engagement trends for that business. for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, we had average maus of over 160 million. maus are the aggregate number of individuals who accessed a particular game on a particular device in the last 30 days as of the measurement date. for our calculation, an individual who either plays two of our games on a single device, or the same game on two devices in the relevant period, would be counted as two users. average maus for a particular period is the average of the maus at each month-end during that period. maus are calculated using internal company data based on tracking the activity of user accounts. we also include in this calculation data provided by our third party publishing partners for certain games that we develop but we exclude information from third party titles that we publish. from time to time, we adjust the calculation for user activity that is inconsistent with our methodology. we believe that the numbers are reasonable estimates of our user base for the applicable period of measurement; however, factors relating to user activity may impact these numbers. our methodology for calculating maus may differ from the methodology used by other companies to calculate this metric.
concentration of sales among the most popular games. in all major segments of our industry, we see a large portion of games sales concentrated on the most popular titles, and many of those titles are sequels of prior games. similarly, a significant portion of our revenue historically has been derived from games and services based on a few popular franchises, several of which we have released on an annual or bi-annual basis. for example, in fiscal year 2016, net revenue generated from the sale of products and services associated with our three largest franchises accounted for approximately 55 percent of our net revenue. we expect this trend to continue.
recurring revenue sources.  our business model includes revenue that we deem recurring in nature, such as revenue from our annualized titles (such as fifa and madden nfl) and associated services, our ongoing mobile business and subscription programs. we have greater confidence in our ability to forecast revenue from these areas of our business than for new offerings.  as we continue to leverage the digital transformation in our industry and incorporate new content models and modalities of play into our games, our goal is to continue to look for opportunities to expand the recurring portion of our business.
recent developments stock repurchase program. in may 2015, our board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $1 billion of our common stock. this stock repurchase program expires on may 31, 2017. during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, we repurchased approximately 6.9 million shares for approximately $461 million under the may 2015 program. we continue to actively repurchase shares under this program.
on february 3, 2016, our board of directors authorized a new program to repurchase up to $500 million of ea's common stock. this program was incremental to the may 2015 program. we have completed repurchases under the february 2016 program, repurchasing 7.8 million shares for approximately $500 million.
24
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("u.s. gaap"). the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, contingent assets and liabilities, and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. the policies discussed below are considered by management to be critical because they are not only important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, but also because application and interpretation of these policies requires both management judgment and estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain and unknown. as a result, actual results may differ materially from our estimates.
revenue recognition, sales returns and allowances, and bad debt reserves we derive revenue principally from sales of interactive software games, and related content (e.g., micro-transactions) and services on consoles (such as the playstation from sony and the xbox from microsoft), pcs, mobile phones and tablets. we evaluate revenue recognition based on the criteria set forth in fasb accounting standards codification ("asc") 605, revenue recognition and asc 985-605, software: revenue recognition. we classify our revenue as either product revenue or service and other revenue.
product revenue. our product revenue includes revenue associated with the sale of software games or related content, whether delivered via a physical disc (e.g., packaged goods) or delivered digitally (e.g., full-game downloads, extra-content), and licensing of game software to third-parties. product revenue also includes revenue from mobile full-game downloads that do not require our hosting support (e.g., premium mobile games) in order to utilize the game or related content (i.e. can be played with or without an internet connection), and sales of tangible products such as hardware, peripherals, or collectors' items.
service and other revenue. our service revenue includes revenue recognized from time-based subscriptions and games or related content that requires our hosting support in order to utilize the game or related content (i.e., can only be played with an internet connection). this includes (1) entitlements to content that are accessed through hosting services (e.g., micro-transactions for internet-based, social network and free-to-download mobile games), (2) massively multi-player online ("mmo") games (both software game and subscription sales), (3) subscriptions for our battlefield premium, ea access, and pogo-branded online game services, and (4) allocated service revenue from sales of software games with an online service element (i.e., "matchmaking" service). our other revenue includes advertising and non-software licensing revenue.
with respect to the allocated service revenue from sales of software games with a matchmaking service mentioned above, our allocation of proceeds between product and service revenue for presentation purposes is based on management's best estimate of the selling price of the matchmaking service with the residual value allocated to product revenue. our estimate of the selling price of the matchmaking service is comprised of several factors including, but not limited to, prior selling prices for the matchmaking service, prices charged separately by other third-party vendors for similar service offerings, and a cost-plus-margin approach. we review the estimated selling price of the online matchmaking service on a regular basis and use this methodology consistently to allocate revenue between product and service for software game sales with a matchmaking service.
we evaluate and recognize revenue when all four of the following criteria are met:
•   evidence of an arrangement. evidence of an agreement with the customer that reflects the terms and conditions to deliver the related products or services must be present.
•   fixed or determinable fee. if a portion of the arrangement fee is not fixed or determinable, we recognize revenue as the amount becomes fixed or determinable.
•   collection is deemed probable. collection is deemed probable if we expect the customer to be able to pay amounts under the arrangement as those amounts become due. if we determine that collection is not probable as the amounts become due, we generally conclude that collection becomes probable upon cash collection.
•   delivery. for packaged goods, delivery is considered to occur when a product is shipped and the risk of loss and rewards of ownership have transferred to the customer. for digital downloads, delivery is considered to occur when the software is made available to the customer for download. for services and other, delivery is generally considered to occur as the service is delivered, which is determined based on the underlying service obligation. if there is significant uncertainty of acceptance, revenue is recognized once acceptance is reasonably assured.
25
online-enabled games the majority of our software games and related content have online connectivity whereby a consumer may be able to download unspecified content or updates on a when-and-if-available basis ("unspecified updates") for use with the original game software. in addition, we may also offer an online matchmaking service that permits consumers to play against each other via the internet without a separate fee. u.s. gaap requires us to account for the consumer's right to receive unspecified updates or the matchmaking service for no additional fee as a "bundled" sale, or multiple-element arrangement.
we have an established historical pattern of providing unspecified updates (e.g., player roster updates to madden nfl 16) to online-enabled games and related content at no additional charge to the consumer. we do not have vendor-specific objective evidence of fair value ("vsoe") for these unspecified updates, and thus, as required by u.s. gaap, we recognize revenue from the sale of these online-enabled games and related content over the period we expect to offer the unspecified updates to the consumer ("estimated offering period").
estimated offering period because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period. determining the estimated offering period is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision based on historical online usage. for example, in determining the estimated offering period for unspecified updates associated with our online-enabled games, we consider the period of time consumers are online as online connectivity is required. on an annual basis, we review consumers' online gameplay of all online-enabled games that have been released 12 to 24 months prior to the evaluation date. for example, if our evaluation date is april 1, 2015, we evaluate all online-enabled games released between april 1, 2013 and march 31, 2014. based on this population of games, for all players that register the game online within the first six months of release of the game to the general public, we compute the weighted-average number of days for each online-enabled game, based on when a player initially registers the game online to when that player last plays the game online. we then compute the weighted-average number of days for all online-enabled games by multiplying the weighted-average number of days for each online-enabled game by its relative percentage of total units sold from these online-enabled games (i.e., a game with more units sold will have a higher weighting to the overall computation than a game with fewer units sold). under a similar computation, we also consider the estimated period of time between the date a game unit is sold to a reseller and the date the reseller sells the game unit to an end consumer (i.e., time in channel). based on these two calculations we then consider the method of distribution. for example, physical software games sold at retail would have a composite offering period equal to the online gameplay plus time in channel as opposed to digitally distributed software games which are delivered immediately via digital download and thus have no concept of channel. additionally, we consider results from prior analyses, known and expected online gameplay trends, as well as disclosed service periods for competitors' games in determining the estimated offering period for future sales.
while we consistently apply this methodology, inherent assumptions used in this methodology include which online-enabled games to sample, whether to use only units that have registered online, whether to weight the number of days for each game, whether to weight the days based on the units sold of each game, determining the period of time between the date of sale to reseller and the date of sale to the consumer and assessing online gameplay trends.
other multiple-element arrangements in some of our multiple-element arrangements, we sell tangible products with software and/or software-related offerings. these tangible products are generally either peripherals or ancillary collectors' items, such as figurines and comic books. revenue for these arrangements is allocated to each separate unit of accounting for each deliverable using the relative selling prices of each deliverable in the arrangement based on the selling price hierarchy described below. if the arrangement contains more than one software deliverable, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the software deliverables as a group and then allocated to each software deliverable.
we determine the selling price for a tangible product deliverable based on the following selling price hierarchy: vsoe (i.e., the price we charge when the tangible product is sold separately) if available, third-party evidence ("tpe") of fair value (i.e., the price charged by others for similar tangible products) if vsoe is not available, or our best estimate of selling price ("besp") if neither vsoe nor tpe is available. determining the besp is a subjective process that is based on multiple factors including, but not limited to, recent selling prices and related discounts, market conditions, customer classes, sales channels and other factors. provided the other three revenue recognition criteria other than delivery have been met, we recognize revenue upon delivery to the customer as we have no further obligations.
26
we must make assumptions and judgments in order to (1) determine whether and when each element is delivered, (2) determine whether vsoe exists for each undelivered element, and (3) allocate the total price among the various elements, as applicable. changes to any of these assumptions and judgments, or changes to the elements in the arrangement, could cause a material increase or decrease in the amount of revenue that we report in a particular period.
principal agent considerations we evaluate sales of our interactive software games via third party storefronts, including digital storefronts such as microsoft's xbox games store, sony psn, apple app store, and google play, in order to determine whether or not we are acting as the primary obligor in the sale to the end consumer, which we consider in determining if revenue should be reported gross or net of fees retained by the storefront. key indicators that we evaluate in determining gross versus net treatment include but are not limited to the following:
•   the party responsible for delivery/fulfillment of the product or service to the end consumer
•   the party responsible for the billing, collection of fees and refunds to the end consumer
•   the storefront and terms of sale that govern the end consumer's purchase of the product or service
•   the party that sets the pricing with the end consumer and has credit risk based on evaluation of the above indicators, we have determined that generally the third party is considered the primary obligor to end consumers for the sale of our interactive software games. we therefore report revenue related to these arrangements net of the fees retained by the storefront.
sales returns and allowances and bad debt reserves we reduce revenue for estimated future returns and price protection which may occur with our distributors and retailers ("channel partners"). price protection represents our practice to provide our channel partners with a credit allowance to lower their wholesale price on a particular product that they have not resold to end consumers. the amount of the price protection is generally the difference between the old wholesale price and the new reduced wholesale price. in certain countries for our pc and console packaged goods software products, we also have a practice of allowing channel partners to return older software products in the channel in exchange for a credit allowance. as a general practice, we do not give cash refunds.
when evaluating the adequacy of sales returns and price protection allowances, we analyze the following: historical credit allowances, current sell-through of our channel partners' inventory of our software products, current trends in retail and the video game industry, changes in customer demand, acceptance of our software products, and other related factors. in addition, we monitor the volume of sales to our channel partners and their inventories, as substantial overstocking in the distribution channel could result in high returns or higher price protection in subsequent periods.
in the future, actual returns and price protections may materially exceed our estimates as unsold software products in the distribution channels are exposed to rapid changes in consumer preferences, market conditions or technological obsolescence due to new platforms, product updates or competing software products. while we believe we can make reliable estimates regarding these matters, these estimates are inherently subjective. accordingly, if our estimates change, our returns and price protection allowances would change and would impact the total net revenue, accounts receivable and deferred net revenue that we report.
we determine our allowance for doubtful accounts by evaluating the following: customer creditworthiness, current economic trends, historical experience, age of current accounts receivable balances, and changes in financial condition or payment terms of our customers. significant management judgment is required to estimate our allowance for doubtful accounts in any accounting period. the amount and timing of our bad debt expense and cash collection could change significantly as a result of a change in any of the evaluation factors mentioned above.
royalties and licenses our royalty expenses consist of payments to (1) content licensors, (2) independent software developers, and (3) co-publishing and distribution affiliates. license royalties consist of payments made to celebrities, professional sports organizations, movie studios and other organizations for our use of their trademarks, copyrights, personal publicity rights, content and/or other intellectual property. royalty payments to independent software developers are payments for the development of intellectual property related to our games. co-publishing and distribution royalties are payments made to third parties for the delivery of products.
27
royalty-based obligations with content licensors and distribution affiliates are either paid in advance and capitalized as prepaid royalties or are accrued as incurred and subsequently paid. these royalty-based obligations are generally expensed to cost of revenue generally at the greater of the contractual rate or an effective royalty rate based on the total projected net revenue for contracts with guaranteed minimums. significant judgment is required to estimate the effective royalty rate for a particular contract. because the computation of effective royalty rates requires us to project future revenue, it is inherently subjective as our future revenue projections must anticipate a number of factors, including (1) the total number of titles subject to the contract, (2) the timing of the release of these titles, (3) the number of software units and amount of extra content that we expect to sell, which can be impacted by a number of variables, including product quality, number of platforms we release on, the timing of the title's release and competition, and (4) future pricing. determining the effective royalty rate for our titles is particularly challenging due to the inherent difficulty in predicting the popularity of entertainment products. furthermore, if we conclude that we are unable to make a reasonably reliable forecast of projected net revenue, we recognize royalty expense at the greater of contract rate or on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract. accordingly, if our future revenue projections change, our effective royalty rates would change, which could impact the amount and timing of royalty expense we recognize.
prepayments made to thinly capitalized independent software developers and co-publishing affiliates are generally made in connection with the development of a particular product, and therefore, we are generally subject to development risk prior to the release of the product. accordingly, payments that are due prior to completion of a product are generally expensed to research and development over the development period as the services are incurred. payments due after completion of the product (primarily royalty-based in nature) are generally expensed as cost of revenue.
our contracts with some licensors include minimum guaranteed royalty payments, which are initially recorded as an asset and as a liability at the contractual amount when no performance remains with the licensor. when performance remains with the licensor, we record guarantee payments as an asset when actually paid and as a liability when incurred, rather than recording the asset and liability upon execution of the contract. royalty liabilities are classified as current liabilities to the extent such royalty payments are contractually due within the next 12 months.
each quarter, we also evaluate the expected future realization of our royalty-based assets, as well as any unrecognized minimum commitments not yet paid to determine amounts we deem unlikely to be realized through product and service sales. any impairments or losses determined before the launch of a product are generally charged to research and development expense. impairments or losses determined post-launch are charged to cost of revenue. we evaluate long-lived royalty-based assets for impairment using undiscounted cash flows when impairment indicators exist. if impairment exists, then the assets are written down to fair value. unrecognized minimum royalty-based commitments are accounted for as executory contracts, and therefore, any losses on these commitments are recognized when the underlying intellectual property is abandoned (i.e., cease use) or the contractual rights to use the intellectual property are terminated.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for both (1) the expected impact of differences between the financial statement amount and the tax basis of assets and liabilities and (2) the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax losses and tax credit carryforwards. we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets when it is considered more likely than not that all or a portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this determination, we are required to give significant weight to evidence that can be objectively verified. it is generally difficult to conclude that a valuation allowance is not needed when there is significant negative evidence, such as cumulative losses in recent years. forecasts of future taxable income are considered to be less objective than past results. therefore, cumulative losses weigh heavily in the overall assessment.
in addition to considering forecasts of future taxable income, we are also required to evaluate and quantify other possible sources of taxable income in order to assess the realization of our deferred tax assets, namely the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, the carry back of losses and credits as allowed under current tax law, and the implementation of tax planning strategies. evaluating and quantifying these amounts involves significant judgments. each source of income must be evaluated based on all positive and negative evidence; this evaluation involves assumptions about future activity. certain taxable temporary differences that are not expected to reverse during the carry forward periods permitted by tax law cannot be considered as a source of future taxable income that may be available to realize the benefit of deferred tax assets.
from the third quarter of fiscal year 2009 to the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, we maintained a 100% valuation allowance against most of our u.s. deferred tax assets because there was insufficient positive evidence to overcome the existing negative evidence such that it was not more likely than not that the u.s. deferred tax assets were realizable. while we reported u.s. pre-tax income in fiscal year 2015, because we reported u.s. pre-tax losses during the previous seven fiscal years, as well as in the
28
second and third quarters of fiscal year 2016, we continued to maintain the 100% valuation allowance through the third quarter of fiscal year 2016.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we realized significant u.s. pre-tax income for both the fourth quarter and the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. as of march 31, 2016, we had reported positive operating performance in the u.s. for two consecutive fiscal years and had also reported a cumulative three-year u.s. pre-tax profit. in addition, during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we completed our financial plan for fiscal year 2017 and expect continued positive operating performance in the u.s. we also considered forecasts of future taxable income and evaluated the utilization of tax credit carryforwards prior to their expiration. after considering these factors, we determined that the positive evidence overcame any negative evidence and concluded that it was more likely than not that the u.s. deferred tax assets were realizable. as a result, we released the valuation allowance against all of the u.s. federal deferred tax assets and a portion of the u.s. state deferred tax assets during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. accordingly, we recorded a $453 million income tax benefit in fiscal year 2016 for the reversal of a significant portion of our deferred tax valuation allowance.
as of march 31, 2016, we maintained a valuation allowance of $114 million, primarily related to specific u.s. state deferred tax assets and foreign capital loss carryovers, due to uncertainty about the future realization of these assets. in determining the amount of deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized, we evaluated the potential to realize the assets through the utilization of tax loss and credit carrybacks, the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, future taxable income exclusive of the reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, and certain tax planning strategies.
in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the tax law and ultimate tax determination is uncertain. as part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes in each jurisdiction in which we operate prior to the completion and filing of tax returns for such periods. this process requires estimating both our geographic mix of income and our uncertain tax positions in each jurisdiction where we operate. these estimates involve complex issues and require us to make judgments about the likely application of the tax law to our situation, as well as with respect to other matters, such as anticipating the positions that we will take on tax returns prior to our actually preparing the returns and the outcomes of disputes with tax authorities. the ultimate resolution of these issues may take extended periods of time due to examinations by tax authorities and statutes of limitations. in addition, changes in our business, including acquisitions, changes in our international corporate structure, changes in the geographic location of business functions or assets, changes in the geographic mix and amount of income, as well as changes in our agreements with tax authorities, valuation allowances, applicable accounting rules, applicable tax laws and regulations, rulings and interpretations thereof, developments in tax audit and other matters, and variations in the estimated and actual level of annual pre-tax income can affect the overall effective income tax rate.
impact of recently issued accounting standards in april 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-05, intangibles - goodwill and other - internal-use software (topic 350-40). the amendments of this asu will help entities evaluate the accounting for fees paid by a customer in a cloud computing arrangement by providing guidance as to whether an arrangement includes the sale or license of software. the requirements will be effective for annual periods (and interim periods within those annual periods) beginning after december 15, 2015. the amendment may be adopted either prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified after the effective date or retrospectively. early adoption is permitted. we expect to adopt this new standard in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. we do not expect the adoption to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, related to simplifications of employee share-based payment accounting. this pronouncement eliminates the apic pool concept and requires that excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies be recorded in the income statement when awards are settled. the pronouncement also addresses simplifications related to statement of cash flows classification, accounting for forfeitures, and minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. the pronouncement is effective for annual periods (and for interim periods within those annual periods) beginning after december 15, 2016. we are currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
in january 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-01, financial instruments (topic 825-10), which requires that most equity investments be measured at fair value, with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in net income. the asu also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments.
the requirements will be effective for annual periods (and interim periods within those annual periods) beginning after december 15, 2017. we are currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
29
in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-04, liabilities - extinguishments of liabilities (subtopic 405-20): recognition of breakage for certain prepaid stored-value products. the amendments in the asu are designed to provide guidance and eliminate diversity in the accounting for derecognition of prepaid stored-value product liabilities. typically, a prepaid stored-value product liability is to be derecognized when it is probable that a significant reversal of the recognized breakage amount will not subsequently occur. this is when the likelihood of the product holder exercising its remaining rights becomes remote. this estimate shall be updated at the end of each period. the amendments in this asu are effective for annual periods (and interim periods within those annual periods) beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the timing of adoption and impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the asu will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in u.s. gaap when it becomes effective. the standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. this new revenue standard, as amended by asu 2015-14, is effective in the first quarter of fiscal year 2019. in march 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-08, revenue from contracts with customers: principal versus agent considerations (reporting revenue gross versus net), which clarifies the guidance in the new revenue standard on assessing whether an entity is a principal or agent in a revenue transaction. this conclusion impacts whether an entity reports revenue on a gross or net basis. in april 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-10, revenue from contracts with customers: identifying performance obligations and licensing, which clarifies the guidance in the new revenue standard regarding an entity's identification of its performance obligations in a contract, as well as an entity's evaluation of the nature of its promise to grant a license of intellectual property and whether or not that revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. in may 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-12, revenue from contracts with customers: narrow-scope improvements and practical expedients, which amends the guidance in the new revenue standard on collectibility, noncash consideration, presentation of sales tax, and transition. the amendments are intended to address implementation issues that were raised by stakeholders and provide additional practical expedients to reduce the cost and complexity of applying the new revenue standard. these pronouncements have the same effective date as the new revenue standard. while we are currently evaluating the method of adoption and the impact of the new revenue standard, as amended, on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, we believe the adoption of the new standard may have a significant impact on the accounting for certain transactions with multiple elements or "bundled" arrangements (for example, sales of online-enabled games for which we do not have vsoe for unspecified future updates) because the requirement to have vsoe for undelivered elements under current accounting standards is eliminated under the new standard. accordingly, we may be required to recognize as revenue a portion of the sales price upon delivery of the software, as compared to the current requirement of recognizing the entire sales price ratably over an estimated offering period. while we are still evaluating the total impact of the new revenue standard, as amended, we believe adoption of this new standard will have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842). the fasb issued this update to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. the updated guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. early adoption of the update is permitted. we are currently evaluating the timing of adoption and impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
30
results of operations our fiscal year is reported on a 52- or 53-week period that ends on the saturday nearest march 31. our results of operations for the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 contained 53 weeks and ended on april 2, 2016. our results of operations for the fiscal years ended march 31, 2015 and 2014 each contained 52 weeks and ended on march 28, 2015 and march 29, 2014, respectively. for simplicity of disclosure, all fiscal periods are referred to as ending on a calendar month-end.
net revenue net revenue consists of sales generated from (1) video games sold as packaged goods or as digital downloads and designed for play on consoles (such as the playstation from sony and the xbox from microsoft) and pcs, (2) video games for mobile phones and tablets, (3) separate software products and content and online game services associated with these products, (4) licensing our game software to third parties, (5) allowing other companies to manufacture and sell our products in conjunction with other products, and (6) advertisements on our online web pages and in our games.
comparison of fiscal year 2016 to fiscal year 2015
net revenue for fiscal year 2016, net revenue was $4,396 million and decreased $119 million, or 3 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2015. this decrease was driven by a $757 million decrease in revenue primarily from titanfall, and the battlefield and fifa world cup franchises. this decrease was partially offset by a $638 million increase in revenue primarily from the star wars, madden nfl and simcity franchises.
net revenue by product revenue and service and other revenue our net revenue by product revenue and service and other revenue for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in millions):
year ended march 31,
2016                                2015                    $ change              % change net revenue:
product                $2,497              $2,568           $(71      )          (3   )%
service and other       1,899               1,947           (48       )          (2   )%
total net revenue      $4,396              $4,515           $(119     )          (3   )%
product revenue for fiscal year 2016, product revenue was $2,497 million, primarily driven by fifa 16, fifa 15 and star wars battlefront. product revenue decreased $71 million, as compared to fiscal year 2015. this decrease was driven by a $434 million decrease primarily from the need for speed, battlefield and fifa world cup franchises. this decrease was partially offset by a $363 million increase primarily from star wars battlefront and dragon age: inquisition.
service and other revenue for fiscal year 2016, service and other revenue was $1,899 million, primarily driven by fifa ultimate team and star wars: the old republic. service and other revenue for fiscal year 2016 decreased $48 million, or 2 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2015. this decrease was driven by a $421 million decrease primarily from titanfall and battlefield 4 premium. this decrease was partially offset by a $373 million increase primarily from the madden nfl franchise, need for speed 2015 and simcity buildit.
31
cost of revenue cost of revenue for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in millions):
march 31,           % of related net revenue             march 31,           % of related net revenue          % change          change as a% of relatednet revenue
2016                                                     2015
cost of revenue:
product                      $938                      37.6              %          $1,028                      40.0              %       (8.8   )%                      (2.4   )%
service and other             416                      21.9              %   401                                20.6              %   3.7        %      1.3                     %
total cost of revenue      $1,354                      30.8              %          $1,429                      31.7              %       (5.2   )%                      (0.9   )%
cost of product revenue cost of product revenue consists of (1) inventory costs, (2) certain royalty expenses for celebrities, professional sports, movie studios and other organizations, and independent software developers, (3) manufacturing royalties, net of volume discounts and other vendor reimbursements, (4) expenses for defective products, (5) write-offs of post launch prepaid royalty costs and losses on previously unrecognized licensed intellectual property commitments, (6) amortization of certain intangible assets,
(7) personnel-related costs, and (8) warehousing and distribution costs. we generally recognize volume discounts when they are earned from the manufacturer (typically in connection with the achievement of unit-based milestones); whereas other vendor reimbursements are generally recognized as the related revenue is recognized.
cost of product revenue decreased by $90 million, or 8.8 percent in fiscal year 2016, as compared to fiscal year 2015. cost of product revenue decreased primarily due to a loss of $122 million on previously unrecognized licensed intellectual property commitment recognized during fiscal year 2015. excluding the impact of the $122 million loss, cost of product revenue increased $32 million, or 4 percent, primarily due to an increase in royalty costs driven by star wars battlefront, which was launched during the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, with no comparable royalty-bearing title launched during fiscal year 2015.
cost of service and other revenue cost of service and other revenue consists primarily of (1) royalty costs, (2) data center, bandwidth and server costs associated with hosting our online games and websites, (3) inventory costs, (4) platform processing fees from operating our website-based games on third party platforms, and (5) credit card fees associated with our service revenue.
cost of service and other revenue increased by $15 million, or 3.7 percent in fiscal year 2016, as compared to fiscal year 2015. the increase was primarily due to an increase in inventory costs due to the launch of need for speed 2015 during fiscal year 2016, offset by a decrease in inventory costs due to titanfall, launched for the xbox 360 during fiscal year 2015.
total cost of revenue as a percentage of total net revenue during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, total cost of revenue as a percentage of total net revenue remained relatively consistent as compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015.
research and development research and development expenses consist of expenses incurred by our production studios for personnel-related costs, related overhead costs, contracted services, depreciation and any impairment of prepaid royalties for pre-launch products. research and development expenses for our online products include expenses incurred by our studios consisting of direct development and related overhead costs in connection with the development and production of our online games. research and development expenses also include expenses associated with our digital platform, software licenses and maintenance, and management overhead.
research and development expenses for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,             % of netrevenue     march 31,             % of netrevenue     $ change          % change
2016                                      2015
$1,109            25            %         $1,094            24            %         $15            1         %
research and development expenses increased by $15 million, or 1 percent, in fiscal year 2016, as compared to fiscal year 2015. excluding the estimated $70 million positive impact of foreign currency exchange rates, we estimate that research and development would have increased by $85 million. this $85 million increase on a constant currency basis was primarily due to
32
(1) a $44 million increase in personnel-related costs primarily resulting from higher payroll taxes, the fiscal year 2016 containing 53 weeks as compared to 52 weeks in fiscal year 2015, and annual salary increases, (2) a $22 million increase in contracted services, primarily related to the titanfall and ufc franchises, and unravel, during fiscal year 2016, as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year, and (3) a $21 million increase in stock-based compensation.
marketing and sales marketing and sales expenses consist of personnel-related costs, related overhead costs, advertising, marketing and promotional expenses, net of qualified advertising cost reimbursements from third parties.
marketing and sales expenses for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,             % of netrevenue     march 31,             % of netrevenue     $ change       % change
2016                                      2015
$622              14            %         $647              14            %         $(25      )    (4     )%
marketing and sales expenses decreased by $25 million, or 4 percent, in fiscal year 2016, as compared to fiscal year 2015. excluding the estimated $25 million positive impact of foreign currency exchange rates, marketing and sales expense remained consistent during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 as compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses consist of personnel and related expenses of executive and administrative staff, corporate functions such as finance, legal, human resources, and information technology ("it"), related overhead costs, fees for professional services such as legal and accounting, and allowances for doubtful accounts.
general and administrative expenses for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,            % of netrevenue     march 31,            % of netrevenue     $ change          % change
2016                                     2015
$406              9            %         $386              9            %         $20            5         %
general and administrative expenses increased by $20 million, or 5 percent, in fiscal year 2016, as compared to fiscal year 2015. excluding the estimated $19 million positive impact of foreign currency exchange rates, general and administrative expenses would have increased by $39 million. this $39 million increase on a constant currency basis was primarily due to (1) a $18 million increase in facilities-related expenses, (2) a $18 million increase in personnel-related costs primarily resulting from higher payroll taxes, the fiscal year 2016 containing 53 weeks as compared to 52 weeks in fiscal year 2015, and annual salary increases, (3) a $10 million increase in stock-based compensation. this was partially offset by a $6 million decrease in litigation matters during fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015.
income taxes provision for (benefit from) income taxes for fiscal years 2016 and 2015 was as follows (in millions):
march 31, 2016       effective tax rate      march 31, 2015           effective tax rate
$(279         )      (31.8       )%          $50                  5.4             %
from the third quarter of fiscal year 2009 to the third quarter of fiscal year 2016, we maintained a 100% valuation allowance against most of our u.s. deferred tax assets because there was insufficient positive evidence to overcome the existing negative evidence such that it was not more likely than not that the u.s. deferred tax assets were realizable. while we reported u.s. pre-tax income in fiscal year 2015, because we reported u.s. pre-tax losses during the previous seven fiscal years, as well as in the second and third quarters of fiscal year 2016, we continued to maintain the 100% valuation allowance through the third quarter of fiscal year 2016.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we realized significant u.s. pre-tax income for both the fourth quarter and the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016. as of march 31, 2016, we had reported positive operating performance in the u.s. for two consecutive fiscal years and had also reported a cumulative three-year u.s. pre-tax profit. in addition, during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we completed our financial plan for fiscal year 2017 and expect continued positive operating performance in the u.s. we also considered forecasts of future taxable income and evaluated the utilization of tax credit carryforwards prior to their expiration. after considering these factors, we determined that the positive evidence overcame any negative evidence and concluded that it was more likely than not that the u.s. deferred tax assets were realizable. as a result, we released the valuation allowance against all of the u.s. federal deferred tax assets and a portion of the u.s. state deferred tax assets during
33
the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016. accordingly, we recorded a $453 million income tax benefit in fiscal year 2016 for the reversal of a significant portion of our deferred tax valuation allowance.
our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2016 was a tax benefit of 31.8 percent, primarily due to the reversal of the u.s. deferred tax valuation allowance. excluding the impact of the reversal of the valuation allowance, our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2016 would have been 19.8 percent, which differs from the statutory rate of 35.0 percent primarily due to non-u.s. profits subject to a reduced or zero tax rates.
our effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2015 differs from the statutory rate of 35.0 percent as a result of the utilization of u.s. deferred tax assets subject to a valuation allowance and tax benefits related to the expiration of statutes of limitations and the resolution of examinations by taxing authorities.
prior to fiscal year 2016, our effective income tax rates have been significantly affected by the u.s. valuation allowance. as a result of the release of the valuation allowance in fiscal year 2016, we do not anticipate that our effective income tax rates for fiscal year 2017 and future periods will be as significantly affected by changes in our deferred tax valuation allowance as they were prior to fiscal year 2017. our effective income tax rates for fiscal year 2017 and future periods will continue to depend on a variety of factors, including changes in the deferred tax valuation allowance, changes in our business such as acquisitions and intercompany transactions, changes in our international structure, changes in the geographic location of business functions or assets, changes in the geographic mix of income, changes in or termination of our agreements with tax authorities, applicable accounting rules, applicable tax laws and regulations, rulings and interpretations thereof, developments in tax audit and other matters, and variations in our annual pre-tax income or loss. we incur certain tax expenses that do not decline proportionately with declines in our pre-tax consolidated income or loss. as a result, in absolute dollar terms, our tax expense will have a greater influence on our effective tax rate at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss than at higher levels. in addition, at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss, our effective tax rate will be more volatile.
historically, we have considered all undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states and, accordingly, no u.s. taxes have been provided thereon. during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2016, we issued the senior notes and announced a $500 million stock repurchase program. in light of these future obligations, we reevaluated our intent to indefinitely reinvest all earnings of foreign subsidiary companies, and concluded that a portion of earnings of certain subsidiaries will no longer be considered to be indefinitely reinvested. as a result, we have recognized a deferred tax liability of $43 million for u.s. income taxes with respect to such earnings. we currently intend to continue to indefinitely reinvest a substantial majority of the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries outside of the united states.
comparison of fiscal year 2015 to fiscal year 2014
net revenue for fiscal year 2015, net revenue was $4,515 million and increased $940 million, or 26 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2014. this increase was driven by a $1,481 million increase in revenue primarily from the fifa and madden nfl franchises, and titanfall. this increase was partially offset by a $541 million decrease in revenue primarily from the simcity, crysis, dead space, and ncaa football franchises, and star wars: the old republic.
net revenue by product revenue and service and other revenue our net revenue by product revenue and service and other revenue for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was as follows (in millions):
year ended march 31,
2015                                2014                        $ change          % change net revenue:
product                $2,568              $2,134              $434              20      %
service and other       1,947               1,441       506                      35      %
total net revenue      $4,515              $3,575              $940              26      %
product revenue
34
for fiscal year 2015, product revenue was $2,568 million, primarily driven by fifa 15, fifa 14 and battlefield 4. product revenue increased $434 million, or 20 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2014. this increase was driven by an $837 million increase primarily from the fifa, madden nfl and dragon age franchises. this increase was partially offset by a $403 million decrease primarily from the crysis, dead space, ncaa football, tiger woods pga tour and army of two franchises.
service and other revenue for fiscal year 2015, service and other revenue was $1,947 million, primarily driven by fifa ultimate team, titanfall, and battlefield 4 premium. service and other revenue for fiscal year 2015 increased $506 million, or 35 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2014. this increase was driven by a $660 million increase primarily from titanfall and the fifa and plants vs zombies franchises. this increase was partially offset by a $154 million decrease primarily from simcity franchise, star wars: the old republic, and pogo-branded online games services.
cost of revenue cost of revenue for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was as follows (in millions):
march 31,           % of related net revenue             march 31,           % of related net revenue           % change      change as a% of relatednet revenue
2015                                                     2014
cost of revenue:
product                    $1,028                      40.0              %          $1,032                      48.4              %        (0.4     )%                (8.4   )%
service and other             401                      20.6              %   315                                21.9              %        27.3      %                (1.3   )%
total cost of revenue      $1,429                      31.7              %          $1,347                      37.7              %         6.1      %                (6.0   )%
cost of product revenue cost of product revenue decreased by $4 million, or 0.4 percent in fiscal year 2015, as compared to fiscal year 2014. cost of product revenue decreased primarily due to an increase of digital product offerings (which have a lower average cost than our packaged goods and other product net revenue) during fiscal year 2015, as compared to the fiscal year 2014, partially offset by a loss of $122 million on a previously unrecognized licensed intellectual property commitment recognized during the three months ended june 30, 2014.
cost of service and other revenue cost of service and other revenue increased by $86 million, or 27.3 percent in fiscal year 2015, as compared to fiscal year 2014. the increase was primarily due to an increase in royalty-related costs due to fifa ultimate team, madden ultimate team, and titanfall.
total cost of revenue as a percentage of total net revenue during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015, total cost of revenue as a percentage of total net revenue decreased by 6.0 percent as compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2014. excluding the loss of $122 million on previously unrecognized license intellectual property recognized during three months ended june 30, 2014, total cost of revenue as a percentage of total net revenue decreased 8.8 percent as a result of an increase in our digital products and services that generally have a lower cost than our packaged goods and other products.
research and development research and development expenses for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,             % of netrevenue     march 31,             % of netrevenue     $ change       % change
2015                                      2014
$1,094            24            %         $1,125            31            %         $(31      )    (3     )%
research and development expenses decreased by $31 million, or 3 percent, in fiscal year 2015, as compared to fiscal year 2014. excluding the $20 million positive impact of foreign currency exchange rates due to translation and related cash flow hedging activities, we estimate that research and development would have decreased by $11 million. this $11 million decrease was primarily due to a $15 million decrease in personnel-related costs resulting from a reduction in headcount and a $17
35
million decrease in contracted services as a result of higher development contracted services in fiscal year 2014 due to titanfall, battlefield 4, and ea sports ufc as compared to the current fiscal year. these decreases were partially offset by a $21 million increase in facility-related costs primarily due to $6 million in operating costs for new office expansions and $5 million in certain facility closures.
marketing and sales marketing and sales expenses for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,             % of netrevenue     march 31,             % of netrevenue     $ change       % change
2015                                      2014
$647              14            %         $680              19            %         $(33      )    (5     )%
marketing and sales expenses decreased by $33 million, or 5 percent, in fiscal year 2015, as compared to fiscal year 2014. the decrease was primarily due to (1) a $9 million decrease in personnel-related costs, (2) a $10 million decrease in facility-related costs, and (3) a $9 million decrease in contracted services due to fewer frontline title releases during fiscal year 2015 than during fiscal year 2014.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,            % of netrevenue     march 31,             % of netrevenue     $ change       % change
2015                                     2014
$386              9            %         $410              11            %         $(24      )    (6     )%
general and administrative expenses decreased by $24 million, or 6 percent, in fiscal year 2015, as compared to fiscal year 2014, primarily due to a $30 million expense related to the settlement of a litigation matter during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2014 and an $23 million decrease in costs incurred on a license, both related to our college football franchise. this was partially offset by an $11 million increase primarily related to other litigation matters and a $16 million increase in personnel-related costs during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015.
acquisition-related contingent consideration acquisition-related contingent consideration for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 were as follows (in millions):
march 31,     % of netrevenue     march 31,     % of netrevenue     $ change           % change
2015                              2014
(3     )      -         %         (35    )      (1        )%        $32            91         %
during fiscal year 2015, acquisition-related contingent consideration credits decreased by $32 million, or 91 percent, as compared to fiscal year 2014, primarily resulting from changes in the fair market value of the acquisition-related contingent consideration of our popcap acquisition during fiscal year 2014. the popcap earn-out expired on december 31, 2013. no payments were made under this earn-out.
income taxes provision for (benefit from) income taxes for fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was as follows (in millions):
march 31, 2015           effective tax rate      march 31, 2014       effective tax rate
$50                  5.4             %           $(1           )      (14.3       )%
our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2015 was a tax expense of 5.4 percent. the fiscal year 2015 effective tax rate differs from the statutory rate of 35.0 percent primarily due to the utilization of u.s. deferred tax assets, which were subject to a valuation allowance, excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation deductions allocated directly to contributed capital, and non-u.s. profits subject to a reduced or zero tax rates. the provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2015 differs from the benefit from income taxes for fiscal year 2014 primarily due to benefits related to the expiration of statutes of limitations and the resolution of examinations by taxing authorities recorded in fiscal year 2014.
our effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2014 differs from the statutory rate of 35.0 percent as a result of the utilization of u.s. deferred tax assets subject to a valuation allowance and tax benefits related to the expiration of statutes of limitations and the resolution of examinations by taxing authorities.
36
liquidity and capital resources as of march 31,           increase
(in millions)                                                       2016                  2015
cash and cash equivalents                                    $2,493                $2,068               $425
short-term investments                                        1,341                   953                388
total                                                        $3,834                $3,021               $813
percentage of total assets                                       54    %               49    %
year ended march 31,             change
(in millions)                                                       2016                  2015
cash provided by operating activities                        $1,223                $1,067               $156
cash used in investing activities                              (484    )             (470    )           (14    )
cash used in financing activities                              (306    )             (255    )           (51    )
effect of foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents          (8    )              (56    )            48
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                      $425                  $286               $139
changes in cash flow operating activities. cash provided by operating activities increased $156 million during fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015. the increase was driven by a $281 million increase in net income, partially offset by the settlement of noncurrent operating obligations.
investing activities. cash used in investing activities increased $14 million during fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015 primarily driven by a $230 million increase in purchases of short-term investments. this was partially offset by a $214 million increase in proceeds from the sales and maturities of short-term investment during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 as compared to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2015.
financing activities. cash used in financing activities increased $51 million during fiscal year 2016 as compared to fiscal year 2015 due to a $681 million increase in repurchases of shares of our common stock mainly driven by the repurchase program authorized in february 2016, and $470 million of repayments of our convertible notes in connection with conversions of the convertible notes prior to maturity. this was offset by (1) $989 million net proceeds from the issuance of senior notes during february 2016, (2) a $64 million increase in excess tax benefit from stock-based compensation recognized, and (3) a $47 million increase in proceeds from the exercise of stock options and espp.
short-term investments due to our mix of fixed and variable rate securities, our short-term investment portfolio is susceptible to changes in short-term interest rates. as of march 31, 2016, our short-term investments had gross unrealized gains of $2 million, or less than 1 percent of the total in short-term investments, and gross unrealized losses of less than $1 million, or less than 1 percent of the total in short-term investments. from time to time, we may liquidate some or all of our short-term investments to fund operational needs or other activities, such as capital expenditures, business acquisitions or stock repurchase programs. depending on which short-term investments we liquidate to fund these activities, we could recognize a portion, or all, of the gross unrealized gains or losses.
convertible notes and convertible note hedge in july 2011, we issued $632.5 million aggregate principal amount of 0.75% convertible senior notes due 2016 (the "convertible notes"), of which $163 million aggregate principal amount remained outstanding as of march 31, 2016. the convertible notes will mature on july 15, 2016, unless purchased earlier or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date.
the convertible notes are convertible at the option of the holder through july 13, 2016. during fiscal year 2016, approximately $497 million principal value of the convertible notes were converted by holders thereof. during fiscal year 2016, we repaid $470 million principal balance of the convertible notes and issued approximately 7.8 million shares of common stock to noteholders with a fair value of $518 million, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of $10 million. we also received and cancelled approximately 7.8 million shares of common stock from the exercise of the convertible note hedge during fiscal year 2016.
37
subsequent to the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016 and through may 23, 2016, we received an immaterial amount of conversion requests for the convertible notes. during the quarter ending june 30, 2016, we expect to settle conversion requests with $27 million in cash and a number of shares of our common stock equal in value to the excess conversion value. based on the closing price of our common stock of $65.92 at the end of the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, approximately 0.4 million shares of our common stock would be issuable to converting holders. the actual amount of shares issuable upon conversion will be determined based upon the market price of our common stock during an observation period following any conversion.
warrants we have outstanding warrants with independent third parties to acquire up to 19.9 million shares of our common stock (which is also equal to the number of shares of our common stock that notionally underlie the convertible notes), with a strike price of $41.14. the warrants have a dilutive effect with respect to our common stock to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds $41.14 on or prior to the expiration date of the warrants. the warrants automatically exercises over a 60 trading day period beginning on october 17, 2016. based on the closing price of our common stock of $65.92 at the end of the fiscal year ended march 31, 2016, approximately 7.5 million shares of our common stock would be issuable to warrant holders. the actual amount of shares issuable upon exercise will be determined based upon the market price of our common stock during the 60 day trading period beginning on october 17, 2016.
see note 12 - financing arrangements to the consolidated financial statements as it relates to the convertibles notes, the convertible note hedge and warrants, which is incorporated by reference into this item 7.
senior notes in february 2016, we issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 3.70% senior notes due march 1, 2021 (the "2021 notes") and $400 million aggregate principal amount of 4.80% senior notes due march 1, 2026 (the "2026 notes," and together with the 2021 notes, the "senior notes"). we used the net proceeds of $989 million for general corporate purposes, including the payment of amounts due upon conversion of our convertible notes and the repurchase of our common stock, including under the $500 million stock repurchase program approved in february 2016. the effective interest rate was 3.94% for the 2021 notes and 4.97% for the 2026 notes. interest is payable semiannually in arrears, on march 1 and september 1 of each year, beginning on september 1, 2016. see note 12 - financing arrangements to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k as it relates to our senior notes, which is incorporated by reference into this item 7.
credit facility in march 19, 2015, we entered into a $500 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks. as of march 31, 2016, no amounts were outstanding under the credit facility. see note 12 - financing arrangements to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k as it relates to our credit facility, which is incorporated by reference into this item 7.
financial condition we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash generated from operations and available financing facilities will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for at least the next 12 months, including working capital requirements, capital expenditures, debt repayment obligations, and potentially, future acquisitions, stock repurchases, or strategic investments. we may choose at any time to raise additional capital to repay debt, strengthen our financial position, facilitate expansion, repurchase our stock, pursue strategic acquisitions and investments, and/or to take advantage of business opportunities as they arise. there can be no assurance, however, that such additional capital will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all, or that it will not result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders.
as of march 31, 2016, approximately $2 billion of our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments were domiciled in foreign tax jurisdictions. while we have no plans to repatriate these funds to the united states in the short term, if we choose to do so, we may be required to accrue and pay additional taxes on any portion of the repatriation where no united states income tax had been previously provided.
in may 2014, a special committee of our board of directors, on behalf of the full board of directors, authorized a two-year program to repurchase up to $750 million of our common stock. since inception, we repurchased approximately 9.2 million shares for approximately $394 million under this program.
38
in may 2015, our board of directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $1 billion of our common stock. this stock repurchase program, which expires on may 31, 2017, supersedes and replaces the stock repurchase authorization approved in may 2014. under the may 2015 program, we may purchase stock in the open market or through privately-negotiated transactions in accordance with applicable securities laws, including pursuant to pre-arranged stock trading plans. the timing and actual amount of the stock repurchases will depend on several factors including price, capital availability, regulatory requirements, alternative investment opportunities and other market conditions. we are not obligated to repurchase any specific number of shares under this program and it may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time.
during fiscal year 2016, we repurchased approximately 1.0 million shares for approximately $57 million under the may 2014 program and we repurchased approximately 6.9 million shares for approximately $461 million under the may 2015 program. we continue to actively repurchase shares under the may 2015 program.
in february 2016, we announced a new $500 million stock repurchase program. this new program was incremental to the existing two-year $1 billion stock repurchase program announced in may 2015. we completed repurchases under the february 2016 program during the quarter ended march 31, 2016. we repurchased approximately 7.8 million shares for approximately $500 million under this new program.
we have a "shelf" registration statement on form s-3 on file with the sec. this shelf registration statement, which includes a base prospectus, allows us at any time to offer any combination of securities described in the prospectus in one or more offerings. unless otherwise specified in a prospectus supplement accompanying the base prospectus, we would use the net proceeds from the sale of any securities offered pursuant to the shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, including for working capital, financing capital expenditures, research and development, marketing and distribution efforts, and if opportunities arise, for acquisitions or strategic alliances. pending such uses, we may invest the net proceeds in interest-bearing securities. in addition, we may conduct concurrent or other financings at any time.
our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity could be affected by various risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those related to customer demand and acceptance of our products, our ability to collect our accounts receivable as they become due, successfully achieving our product release schedules and attaining our forecasted sales objectives, the impact of acquisitions and other strategic transactions in which we may engage, the impact of competition, economic conditions in the united states and abroad, the seasonal and cyclical nature of our business and operating results, risks of product returns and the other risks described in the "risk factors" section, included in part i, item 1a of this report.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments note 13 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k as it relates to our contractual obligations and commercial commitments is incorporated by reference into this item 7.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of march 31, 2016, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k promulgated by the sec, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues and expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources that are material to investors.
inflation we believe the impact of inflation on our results of operations has not been significant in any of the past three fiscal years.
