item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview expeditors international of washington, inc. is a global logistics company. the company's services include air and ocean freight consolidation and forwarding, customs clearance, warehousing and distribution, purchase order management, vendor consolidation, time-definite transportation services, cargo insurance and other logistics solutions. the company does not compete for overnight courier or small parcel business. as a non-asset based carrier, the company does not own or operate transportation assets.
the company derives its revenues from three principal sources: 1) airfreight services, 2) ocean freight and ocean services, and 3) customs brokerage and other services. these are the revenue categories presented in the financial statements.
the company generates the major portion of its air and ocean freight revenues by purchasing transportation services on a wholesale basis from direct (asset-based) carriers and reselling those services to its customers on a retail basis. the difference between the rate billed to customers (the sell rate) and the rate paid to the carrier (the buy rate) is termed "net revenue" (a non-gaap measure), "yield" or "margin." by consolidating shipments from multiple customers and concentrating its buying power, the company is able to negotiate favorable buy rates from the direct carriers, while at the same time offering lower sell rates than customers would otherwise be able to negotiate themselves. the most significant drivers of changes
| 16.
in gross revenues and related transportation expenses are volume, sell rates and buy rates. volume has a similar effect on the change in both gross revenues and related transportation expenses in each of the company's three primary sources of revenue.
in most cases the company acts as an indirect carrier. when acting as an indirect carrier, the company will issue a house airway bill (hawb), a house ocean bill of lading (hobl) or a house seaway bill to customers as the contract of carriage. in turn, when the freight is physically tendered to a direct carrier, the company receives a contract of carriage known as a master airway bill for airfreight shipments and a master ocean bill of lading for ocean shipments. in these transactions, the company evaluates whether it is appropriate to record the gross or net amount as revenue. generally, when the company is the primary obligor, it is obligated to compensate direct carriers for services performed regardless of whether customers accept the service, has latitude in establishing price, has discretion in selecting the direct carrier, has credit risk or has several but not all of these indicators, revenue is recorded on a gross basis. revenue is generally recorded on a net basis where the company is not primarily obligated and does not have latitude in establishing prices. such amounts earned are determined using a fixed fee, a per unit of activity fee or a combination of thereof.
for revenues earned in other capacities, for instance, when the company does not issue a hawb, a hobl, or a house seaway bill or otherwise acts solely as an agent for the shipper, only the commissions and fees earned for such services are included in revenues. in these transactions, the company is not a principal and reports only commissions and fees earned in revenue.
customs brokerage and other services involves providing services at destination, such as helping customers clear shipments through customs by preparing and filing required documentation, calculating and providing for payment of duties and other taxes on behalf of customers as well as arranging for any required inspections by governmental agencies, and arranging for delivery. these are complicated functions requiring technical knowledge of customs rules and regulations in the multitude of countries in which the company has offices.
the company is managed along five geographic areas of responsibility: americas; north asia; south asia; europe; and middle east, africa and india (mair). each area is divided into sub-regions which are composed of operating units with individual profit and loss responsibility. the company's business involves shipments between operating units and typically touches more than one geographic area. the nature of the international logistics business necessitates a high degree of communication and cooperation among operating units. because of this inter-relationship between operating units, it is very difficult to examine any one geographic area and draw meaningful conclusions as to its contribution to the company's overall success on a stand-alone basis. the following chart shows net revenues by geographic areas of responsibility for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
the company's operating units share revenue using the same arms-length pricing methodologies the company uses when its offices transact business with independent agents. certain costs are allocated among the segments based on the relative value of the underlying services, which can include allocation based on actual costs incurred or estimated cost plus a profit margin. the company's strategy closely links compensation with operating unit profitability. individual success is closely linked to cooperation with other operating units within the network.
| 17.
the mix of services varies by segment based primarily on the import or export orientation of local operations in each region. in accordance with the company's revenue recognition policy (see note 1. e to the consolidated financial statements of this report), almost all freight revenues and related expenses are recorded at origin and shipment profits are split between origin and destination offices by recording a commission fee or profit share revenue at destination and a corresponding commission or profit share expense as a component of origin consolidation costs. north asia is the company's largest export oriented region and accounted for 39% of revenues, 23% of net revenues and 34% of operating income for the year ended december 31, 2015. north asia's operating income as a percentage of revenue is lower than other segments due to the largely export nature of operations in that region.
expeditors' culture from the inception of the company, management has believed that the elements required for a successful global service organization can only be assured through recruiting, training, and ultimately retaining superior personnel. the company's greatest challenge is now and always has been perpetuating a consistent global corporate culture which demands:
•   total dedication, first and foremost, to providing superior customer service;
•   compliance with company policies and government regulations;
•   aggressive marketing of all of the company's service offerings;
•   ongoing development of key employees and management personnel via formal and informal means;
•   creation of unlimited advancement opportunities for employees dedicated to hard work, personal growth and continuous improvement;
•   individual commitment to the identification and mentoring of successors for every key position so that when inevitable change occurs, a qualified and well-trained internal candidate is ready to step forward; and
•   continuous identification, design and implementation of system solutions, both technological and otherwise, to meet and exceed the needs of the company's customers while simultaneously delivering tools to make the company's employees more efficient and more effective.
the company reinforces these values with a compensation system that rewards employees for profitably managing the things they can control. this compensation system has been in place since the company became a publicly traded entity. there is no limit to how much a key, non-executive manager can be compensated for success. the company believes in a "real world" environment in every operating unit where individuals are not sheltered from the profit implications of their decisions. if these decisions result in operating losses, management must make up these losses with future operating profits, in the aggregate, before any cash incentive compensation can be earned. executive management, in very limited circumstances, has made exceptions at the branch operating unit level. at the same time, the company insists on continued focus on such things as accounts receivable collection, cash flow management and credit soundness in an attempt to insulate managers from the sort of catastrophic errors that might end a career.
the company believes that any failure to perpetuate this unique culture on a self-sustained basis throughout the company quite possibly provides a greater threat to the company's continued success than any external force, which would be largely beyond its control. the company strongly believes that it is nearly impossible to predict events that, in the aggregate, could have a positive or a negative impact on future operations. as a result, management's focus is on building and maintaining a global corporate culture and an environment where well-trained employees and managers are prepared to identify and react to changes as they develop and thereby help the company adapt and thrive as major trends emerge.
the company's ability to provide services to its customers is highly dependent on good working relationships with a variety of entities including airlines, steamship lines, ground transportation providers and governmental agencies. the significance of maintaining acceptable working relationships with these entities has gained increased importance as a result of ongoing concern over terrorism and increased governmental regulation and oversight of international trade. a good reputation helps to develop practical working understandings that will assist in meeting security requirements while minimizing potential international trade obstacles, especially as governments promulgate new regulations and increase oversight and enforcement of new and existing laws. the company considers its current working relationships with these entities to be satisfactory.  over the last two years, airline profitability has improved though many air carriers remain highly leveraged with debt. the ocean steamship line industry has incurred significant losses in recent years and many carriers are highly leveraged with debt. this situation has required the company to be selective in determining which carriers to utilize. further changes in the financial stability, operating capabilities and capacity of asset-based carriers, space allotments available from carriers, governmental regulations, and/or trade accords could adversely affect the company's business in unpredictable ways.
international trade and competition the company operates in 63 countries in the competitive global logistics industry and company activities are closely tied to the global economy. international trade is influenced by many factors, including economic and political conditions in the united states and abroad, currency exchange rates, and laws and policies relating to tariffs, trade restrictions, foreign investments and taxation. periodically, governments consider a variety of changes to current tariffs and trade restrictions and accords. the company cannot predict which, if any, of these proposals may be adopted, or the effects the adoption of any such proposal will have on the company's business. doing business in foreign locations also subjects the company to a variety of risks and considerations not normally encountered by domestic enterprises. in addition to being influenced by governmental policies concerning international trade, the company's business may also be affected by political developments and changes in government personnel or policies, as well as economic turbulence, political unrest and security concerns in the nations in which it does business and the future impact that these events may have on international trade and oil prices.
the global logistics services industry is intensely competitive and is expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. consistent with continuing uncertainty in global economic conditions, concerns over volatile fuel costs, disruptions in port services, political unrest and fluctuating currency exchange rates, the company's pricing and terms continue to be pressured by customers, carriers and service providers. we expect these competitive conditions to continue.
| 18.
currently, there is uncertainty as to how declines in oil prices will impact future buy rates due to a number of factors, including that some carriers have hedged fuel costs. because fuel is an integral part of carriers' costs and impacts both the company's cargo space buy rates and its sell rates to customers, the company would expect its gross revenues and costs to be impacted as carriers adjust rates for the effect of changing fuel prices. the company would not expect an adverse effect on net revenues resulting from changes in oil prices.
the company cannot predict what impact ongoing uncertainties in the global economy may have on its operating results, freight volumes, pricing, changes in consumer demand, carrier stability and capacity, customers' abilities to pay or on changes in competitors' behavior.
critical accounting estimates a summary of the company's significant accounting policies can be found in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
management believes that the nature of the company's business is such that there are few complex challenges in accounting for operations. while judgments and estimates are a necessary component of any system of accounting, the company's use of estimates is limited primarily to the following areas:
•   accounts receivable valuation;
•   accrual of costs related to ancillary services the company provides;
•   accrual of insurance liabilities for the portion of the related exposure which the company has self-insured;
•   accrual of various tax liabilities;
•   accrual of loss contingencies; and
•   calculation of stock-based compensation expense.
these estimates, other than the accrual of loss contingencies, tax liabilities and calculation of stock-based compensation expense, are not highly uncertain and have not historically been subject to significant change. management believes that the methods utilized in all of these areas are non-aggressive in approach and consistent in application. management believes that there are limited, if any, alternative accounting principles or methods which could be applied to the company's transactions. while the use of estimates means that actual future results may be different from those contemplated by the estimates, the company believes that alternative principles and methods used for making such estimates would not produce materially different results than those reported.
the outcomes of government investigations, legal proceedings and claims brought against the company are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a contingency such as a government investigation, legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. disclosure of a loss contingency is required if there is at least a reasonable possibility that a significant loss has been incurred. in determining whether a loss should be accrued, management evaluates several factors, including advice from outside legal counsel, in order to estimate the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss or range of reasonably possible loss. changes in these factors could have a material impact on the company's financial position, results of operations and operating cash flows for any particular quarter or year.
the company is subject to taxation in multiple u.s. and foreign tax jurisdictions. as discussed in note 1.f to the consolidated financial statements in this report, earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states and, accordingly, u.s. federal and state income taxes are provided for all undistributed earnings net of related foreign tax credits. accounting for income taxes involves estimates and judgments. the company believes its tax positions, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are reasonable and consistent. as a matter of course, the company is audited by various taxing authorities, and sometimes these audits result in proposed assessments where the ultimate resolution could result in the company owing additional taxes. the company establishes liabilities when, despite its belief that the tax return positions are appropriate and consistent with tax law, it concludes that it may not be successful in realizing the tax benefit. in evaluating a tax position, the company determines whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position and in consultation with qualified tax advisors. the company's estimate of any ultimate tax liability contains assumptions based on past experiences, judgments about potential actions by taxing jurisdictions as well as judgments about the likely outcome of issues that have been raised by the taxing jurisdiction. the company believes the estimates and assumptions used to support its evaluation of its tax positions are reasonable. however, final determinations of tax liabilities could be materially different from estimates.
as described in note 1.h to the consolidated financial statements in this report, the company accounts for stock-based compensation based on an estimate of the fair value of options granted to employees under the company's stock option and stock purchase rights plans. this expense, as adjusted for expected forfeitures, is recorded on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.
determining the appropriate option pricing model to use to estimate stock compensation expense requires judgment. any option pricing model requires assumptions that are subjective and these assumptions also require judgment. examples include assumptions about long-term stock price volatility, employee exercise patterns, pre-vesting option forfeitures, post-vesting option terminations, and future interest rates and dividend yields. the company uses the black-scholes model for estimating the fair value of stock options.
management believes that the assumptions used are appropriate based upon the company's historical and currently expected future experience. looking to future events, management has been strongly influenced by historical patterns which may not be valid predictors of future developments and any future deviation may be material.
the company's expected volatility assumptions are based on the historical volatility of the company's stock over a period of time commensurate to the expected life. the expected life assumption is primarily based on historical employee exercise patterns and employee post-vesting termination behavior. the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the corresponding yield curve in effect at the time of grant for u.s. treasury bonds having the same term as the expected life of the option. the expected dividend yield is based on the company's historical
| 19.
experience. the forfeiture assumption used to calculate compensation expense is primarily based on historical pre-vesting employee forfeiture patterns.
the fair value of an option is more significantly impacted by changes in the expected volatility and expected life assumptions. the pre-vesting forfeitures assumption is ultimately adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate. therefore, changes in the forfeitures assumption would not impact the total amount of expense ultimately recognized over the vesting period. different forfeiture assumptions would only impact the timing of expense recognition over the vesting period. estimated forfeitures are reassessed in subsequent periods and may change based on new facts and circumstances.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued an accounting standard update (asu) amending revenue recognition guidance and requiring related detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. in august 2015, the fasb deferred the effective date of the revenue recognition guidance to reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017. the company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting the asu on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. however, at this time, based on the nature of the company's operations, the adoption is not expected to have a material impact on the amount or timing of revenue recognized or the company's revenue recognition policies.
in november 2015, the fasb issued an asu simplifying the accounting for income taxes by requiring all deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as non-current on the consolidated balance sheet. the asu is effective for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. the asu may be adopted either prospectively or retrospectively. the company is currently evaluating the method of adoption and expects this asu will have an impact on its consolidated balance sheets as its current deferred tax assets were $17 million and non-current deferred tax liabilities were $26 million as of december 31, 2015.
in february 2016, the fasb issued an asu changing the accounting for leases and including a requirement to record all leases on the consolidated balance sheet as assets and liabilities. the asu is effective for the company beginning on january 1, 2019. adoption of the asu will impact the company's consolidated balance sheets as future minimum lease payments under noncancelable leases totaled $131 million as of december 31, 2015. the company is currently evaluating the full impact that the adoption of this asu will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
results of operations the following table shows the total net revenues (a non-gaap measure calculated as revenues less directly related operations expenses attributable to the company's principal services) and the company's expenses for 2015, 2014, and 2013 expressed as percentages of net revenues. management believes that net revenues are a better measure than total revenues when analyzing and discussing management's effectiveness in managing the company's principal services since total revenues earned by the company as a freight consolidator include the carriers' charges to the company for carrying the shipment, whereas revenues earned by the company in its other capacities include primarily the commissions and fees actually earned by the company. net revenue is one of the company's primary operational and financial measures that demonstrates the ability of the company to manage sell rates to customers with its ability to concentrate and leverage its purchasing power through effective consolidation of shipments from multiple customers utilizing a variety of transportation carriers and optimal routings. using net revenue also provides a commonality for comparison among various services.
| 20.
the table, chart and the accompanying discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto in this report.
2015                                                  2014                                                  2013
in thousands                                                                   amount         percentof netrevenues                  amount         percentof netrevenues                  amount         percent of net revenues airfreight services:
revenues                                                              $2,740,583                                            $2,780,840                                            $2,633,830
expenses                                                               1,987,690                                             2,103,777                                             1,994,374
net revenues                                                             752,893                    34            %            677,063                    34            %            639,456                     34             %
ocean freight and ocean services:
revenues                                                               2,194,004                                             2,174,394                                             1,958,231
expenses                                                               1,648,993                                             1,712,795                                             1,521,340
net revenues                                                             545,011                    25                         461,599                    23                         436,891                     23
customs brokerage and other services:
revenues                                                               1,682,045                                             1,609,487                                             1,488,196
expenses                                                                 792,172                                               766,722                                               681,690
net revenues                                                             889,873                    41                         842,765                    43                         806,506                     43
total net revenues                                                     2,187,777                   100                       1,981,427                   100                       1,882,853                    100
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs                                             1,143,511                    52                       1,065,329                    54                       1,032,601                     55
other                                                                    322,782                    15                         321,450                    16                         298,179                     16
total overhead expenses                                                1,466,293                    67                       1,386,779                    70                       1,330,780                     71
operating income                                                         721,484                    33                         594,648                    30                         552,073                     29
other income, net                                                         15,205                     1                          16,241                     1                          20,523                      1
earnings before income taxes                                             736,689                    34                         610,889                    31                         572,596                     30
income tax expense                                                       277,192                    13                         231,429                    12                         222,585                     12
net earnings                                                             459,497                    21                         379,460                    19                         350,011                     18
less net earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interest              2,274                     -                           2,572                     -                           1,485                      -
net earnings attributable to shareholders                               $457,223                    21            %           $376,888                    19            %           $348,526                     18             %
| 21.
2015 compared with 2014
airfreight services:
airfreight services revenues decreased 1% in 2015, as compared with 2014, due primarily to lower average sell rates in response to competitive market conditions in north america, europe and north asia, partially offset by a 6% growth in tonnage. airfreight services expenses decreased 6% in 2015 as compared with 2014, as a result of favorable spot and general market buying opportunities in 2015, partially offset by costs attributable to the increase in tonnage.
airfreight services net revenues in 2015 increased 11% as compared with 2014. the increase was principally due to a 6% improvement in airfreight tonnage and a 9% increase in net revenue per kilo. north america net revenues increased by 8% due to 4% growth in export tonnage and lower average buy rates from favorable buying opportunities. north asia net revenues increased 24%. this was also due to favorable buying opportunities in 2015, which resulted in a 19% increase in net revenue per kilo on an 8% improvement in export tonnage. south asia net revenues increased 27% primarily due to an 11% increase in tonnage and the same buying opportunities in the second half of 2015. europe net revenues decreased 7% primarily due to a 7% reduction in net revenue per kilo.
aside from temporary disruptions such as those experienced with u.s. west coast ports, the company expects the global airfreight market to continue to be affected by carrier overcapacity, changes in the cost of jet fuel and the timing of new product launches. customers remain focused on improving supply-chain efficiency, reducing overall logistics costs by negotiating lower rates and utilizing ocean freight whenever possible. the company expects these trends to continue in conjunction with carriers' efforts to manage available capacity. however, this could be affected by new product launches during periods that have historically experienced higher demands. these events, should they occur, could create a higher degree of volatility in volumes and ultimately buy and sell rates.
ocean freight and ocean services:
ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding and order management are the three basic services that constitute and are collectively referred to as ocean freight and ocean services. ocean freight and ocean services revenues increased 1% in 2015 as compared with 2014, as container volumes increased 3% while average sell rates to customers were lower. in the first half of 2014, the company implemented sell rate reductions to increase container volume. beginning in september 2014 and continuing through the first quarter of 2015, the company maintained higher average rates in response to overall market conditions. the company decreased average sell rates during the last nine months of 2015 in response to lower overall market demand and growth in carrier capacity.
ocean freight and ocean services expenses decreased 4% in 2015 as compared with 2014, due to favorable market buying opportunities that resulted from a decline in overall market demand coupled with growth in carrier capacity.
| 22.
ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 18% in 2015 as compared with 2014. the largest component of the company's ocean freight net revenue is derived from ocean freight consolidation, which represented 50% and 45% of ocean freight net revenue in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
ocean freight consolidation net revenues increased 31% in 2015 as compared with 2014. this increase was due primarily to a 27% increase in net revenue per container and a 3% growth in container volume. the company changed its pricing strategies, as described above, in the third quarter of 2014, which, combined with favorable market buying opportunities in the last nine months of 2015, led to improved yields. the company expects pricing volatility to continue as customers and carriers react to current market conditions, which could result in reduced yields.
direct ocean freight forwarding net revenues increased 8% in 2015, as compared with 2014, as a result of higher volumes, principally in north america, europe and north asia. order management net revenues increased 7% in 2015, as compared with 2014, mostly due to higher volumes from existing customers and new business, primarily in north and south asia.
north america ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 17% in 2015, as compared with 2014, primarily due to improved margins. europe net revenues increased 16%, primarily due to a 10% improvement in volumes and an increase in direct ocean forwarding. north asia net revenues increased 21% principally due to improved margins and growth in order management.
customs brokerage and other services:
customs brokerage and other services revenues and expenses increased 5% and 3%, respectively, in 2015 as compared with 2014, as a result of increased volumes from existing and new customers.
customs brokerage and other services net revenues increased 6% in 2015 as compared with 2014, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers in north america. customers continue to seek out customs brokers with sophisticated computerized capabilities critical to an overall logistics management program, including rapid responses to changes in the regulatory and security environment.
north america net revenues increased 10%, in 2015 as compared with 2014, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers. europe net revenues decreased 4%, as compared with 2014, due to general market conditions.
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs increased 7% in 2015, as compared with 2014, principally as a result of increased bonuses resulting from higher operating income and an increase in the number of employees, primarily in north america and europe.
historically, the relatively consistent relationship between salaries and net revenues is the result of a compensation philosophy that has been maintained since the inception of the company: offer a modest base salary and the opportunity to share in a fixed and determinable percentage of the operating profit of the business unit controlled by each key employee. using this compensation model, changes in individual incentive compensation will occur in proportion to changes in company operating income, creating a direct alignment between corporate performance and shareholder interests. bonuses to field and executive management in 2015 were up 18% as compared with 2014, primarily as a result of a 21% increase in operating income. the company's management incentive compensation programs have always been incentive-based and performance driven and there is no built-in bias that favors or enriches management in a manner inconsistent with overall corporate performance. salaries and related costs decreased 2% as a percentage of net revenues in 2015 as compared with 2014, as the growth in net revenues outpaced salary and related cost increases from higher headcount and bonuses.
because the company's management incentive compensation programs are also cumulative, no management bonuses can be paid unless the relevant business unit is, from inception, cumulatively profitable. any operating losses must have been offset in their entirety by operating profits before management is eligible for a bonus. executive management, in very limited circumstances, has made exceptions at the branch operating unit level. since the most significant portion of management compensation comes from the incentive bonus programs, the company believes that this cumulative feature is a disincentive to excessive risk taking by its managers. due to the nature of the company's services, it has a short operating cycle. the outcome of any higher risk transactions, such as overriding established credit limits, would be known in a relatively short time frame. management believes that when the potential and certain impact on the bonus is fully considered in light of this short operating cycle, the potential for short term gains that could be generated by engaging in risky business practices is sufficiently mitigated to discourage excessive and inappropriate risk taking. management believes that both the stability and the long term growth in revenues, net revenues and net earnings are a result of the incentives inherent in the company's compensation program.
other overhead expenses remained flat in 2015, as compared with 2014. lower depreciation expense, recovery of legal and related costs and a reduction in indirect taxes were partially offset by higher travel related costs, technology consulting fees and claims. other overhead expenses decreased 1% as a percentage of net revenues in 2015, as compared with 2014.
income tax expense:
the company pays income taxes in the united states and other jurisdictions. the company's consolidated effective income tax rate declined slightly to 37.6% in 2015, as compared with 37.9% in 2014. the decrease in the effective tax rate is principally the result of a higher proportion of the company's total outstanding stock-based compensation expense being for non-qualified stock option grants. the tax benefit associated with non-qualified stock option grants is recorded when the related compensation expense is recognized while the tax benefit received for incentive stock options and employee stock purchase plan shares cannot be anticipated and are recognized if and when a disqualifying disposition occurs. the company's effective tax rate is subject to variation and the effective tax rate can be more or less volatile based on the amount of pre-tax income or loss. for example, the impact of discrete items and non-deductible expenses on the effective tax rate is greater when pre-tax income is lower.
| 23.
2014 compared with 2013
airfreight services:
airfreight services revenues increased 6% in 2014, as compared with 2013, due to a 9% increase in tonnage that was partially offset by lower sell rates in response to competitive market conditions in north america, north asia and south asia. airfreight services expenses increased 5% in 2014 as compared with 2013, as the increase in tonnage was slightly offset by negotiating lower buy rates with carriers, primarily on exports from north america, north asia and south asia.
airfreight services net revenues in 2014 increased 6% as compared with 2013. the increase was principally due to a 9% improvement in airfreight tonnage, partially offset by a 3% decrease in net revenue per kilo. north america export tonnage grew by 14%, while net revenues increased by only 8% as the reduction in average sell rates to customers exceeded the reduction in average buy rates negotiated with carriers. europe net revenues increased 17% primarily due to a 23% growth in export tonnage as a result of new customers. north asia net revenues remained flat. the 2% growth in export tonnage in north asia was offset by lower average sell rates in response to competitive market conditions, which resulted in a 2% reduction in net revenue per kilo. south asia net revenues decreased by 1% as the 12% growth in export tonnage was more than offset by a reduction in net revenue per kilo. the reduction in net revenue per kilo resulted from lower average sell rates in response to competitive market conditions.
ocean freight and ocean services:
ocean freight and ocean services revenues increased 11% in 2014 as compared with 2013, due primarily to an 11% increase in container volume. in the first half of 2014, the company implemented sell rate reductions to increase container volume. during the second half of 2014, average rates increased due to higher overall demand in the marketplace. ocean freight and ocean services expenses increased 13% in 2014 as compared with 2013, primarily as the result of the increase in volume and higher costs in ocean freight consolidation.
ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 6% in 2014 as compared with 2013. in 2014 and 2013, the majority of the company's ocean freight net revenue was derived from ocean freight consolidation, which represented 45% and 46%, respectively, of ocean freight net revenue.
ocean freight consolidation net revenues increased 4% in 2014 as compared with 2013. this increase was due primarily to an 11% growth in container volume, largely offset by the effect of reducing sell rates, principally in the first half of 2014. this resulted in a 6% decrease in net revenue per kilo, primarily in north america, north asia and south asia.
direct ocean freight forwarding net revenues increased 6% in 2014, as compared with 2013, as a result of higher volumes, principally in north america, north asia, south asia and europe. order management net revenues increased 9% in 2014, as compared with 2013, due to additional services and volumes with new and existing customers, primarily in north america. the overall margins in order management declined due to higher costs, primarily in north asia and south asia.
north america ocean freight and ocean services net revenues increased 7% in 2014, as compared with 2013, primarily due to an increase in ocean freight consolidation in the second half of the year and growth in order management. europe net revenues increased 4%, primarily due to an increase in direct ocean forwarding. both north asia and south asia net revenues increased 5% due primarily to an increase in both direct ocean forwarding and ocean freight consolidation volumes.
customs brokerage and other services:
customs brokerage and other services revenues and expenses increased 8% and 12%, respectively, in 2014 as compared with 2013, as a result of increased volumes from existing and new customers and higher costs in import and delivery services.
customs brokerage and other services net revenues increased 4% in 2014 as compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers in north america. the margin percentage declined primarily as a result of higher import costs and lower yields in time-definite transcon services. customers continue to seek out customs brokers with sophisticated computerized capabilities critical to an overall logistics management program, including rapid responses to changes in the regulatory and security environment.
north america, north asia and europe net revenues increased 6%, 6% and 4%, in 2014 as compared with 2013, primarily as a result of higher volumes from existing and new customers.
overhead expenses:
salaries and related costs increased 3% in 2014, as compared with 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of employees in north america and europe and higher base salaries. in 2014, the company benefited from a reduction in expense resulting from favorable claims experience in its employee healthcare self-insurance program.
bonuses to executive management in 2014 were down 2% as compared with 2013, primarily as a result of a reduction in the 2014 bonus pool to recoup the retirement bonus expensed in 2013 for peter j. rose, the company's former chairman and chief executive officer. excluding the recovery of the retirement bonus, bonuses to executive management increased 7%. salaries and related costs decreased 1% as a percentage of net revenues in 2014 as compared with 2013 as the growth in net revenues outpaced salary and related cost increases from the increase in the number of employees and higher base salaries.
other overhead expenses increased 8% in 2014, as compared with 2013. the increase in expenses is primarily due to (i) consulting fees and costs associated with the company's strategic assessment and organizational changes; (ii) higher costs related to investments in software and systems; (iii) increased building, maintenance and warehousing costs; (iv) higher travel costs, and (v) higher business taxes partially offset by a recovery of bad debt expense, and reduced legal and claims costs. other overhead expenses remained constant as a percentage of net revenues in 2014, as compared with 2013.
| 24.
income tax expense:
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate decreased to 37.9% in 2014, as compared to 38.9% in 2013. the decrease in the effective tax rate is principally the result of an increasingly higher proportion of the company's total outstanding stock-based compensation expense being for non-qualified stock option grants.
currency and other risk factors the nature of the company's worldwide operations necessitates the company dealing with a multitude of currencies other than the u.s. dollar. this results in the company being exposed to the inherent risks of volatile international currency markets and governmental interference. some of the countries where the company maintains offices and/or agency relationships have strict currency control regulations which influence the company's ability to hedge foreign currency exposure. the company tries to compensate for these exposures by accelerating international currency settlements among its offices or agents. the company may enter into foreign currency hedging transactions where there are regulatory or commercial limitations on the company's ability to move money freely around the world or the short-term financial outlook in any country is such that hedging is the most time-sensitive way to mitigate short-term exchange losses. any such hedging activity during 2015, 2014 and 2013 was insignificant. the company had no foreign currency derivatives outstanding at december 31, 2015 and 2014. net foreign currency gains were approximately $8 million and $2 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. foreign currency losses were $2 million in 2013.
international air and ocean freight forwarding and customs brokerage are intensively competitive and are expected to remain so for the foreseeable future. there are a large number of entities competing in the international logistics industry, many of which have significantly more resources than the company; however, the company's primary competition is confined to a relatively small number of companies within this group. the industry continues to experience consolidations into larger firms striving for stronger and more complete multinational and multi-service networks. however, regional and local brokers and forwarders remain a competitive force.
the primary competitive factors in the international logistics industry continue to be price and quality of service, including reliability, responsiveness, expertise, convenience, and scope of operations. the company emphasizes quality customer service and believes that its prices are competitive with those of others in the industry. customers regularly solicit bids from competitors in order to improve service, pricing and contractual terms such as seeking longer payment terms, higher or unlimited liability limits and performance penalties. increased competition and competitors' acceptance of expanded contractual terms could result in reduced revenues, reduced margins, higher operating costs or loss of market share, any of which would damage the company's results of operations and financial condition.
larger customers utilize more sophisticated and efficient procedures for the management of their logistics supply chains by embracing strategies such as just-in-time inventory management. the company believes that this trend has resulted in customers using fewer service providers with greater technological capacity and more consistent global coverage. accordingly, sophisticated computerized customer service capabilities and a stable worldwide network have become significant factors in attracting and retaining customers. developing and maintaining these systems and a worldwide network has added a considerable indirect cost to the services provided to customers. smaller and middle-tier competitors, in general, do not have the resources available to develop customized systems and a worldwide network.
liquidity and capital resources the company's principal source of liquidity is cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and cash generated from operating activities. net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $565 million, as compared with $395 million for 2014. this $170 million increase is primarily due to higher earnings and changes in working capital. at december 31, 2015, working capital was $1,132 million, including cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments of $808 million. the company had no long-term debt at december 31, 2015. management believes that the company's current cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet its capital and liquidity requirements for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future, including meeting any contingent liabilities related to standby letters of credit and other obligations.
as a customs broker, the company makes significant cash advances for a select group of its credit-worthy customers. these cash advances are for customer obligations such as the payment of duties and tax to customs authorities in various countries throughout the world. cash advances are a "pass through" and are not recorded as a component of revenue and expense. the billings of such advances to customers are accounted for as a direct increase in accounts receivable from the customer and a corresponding increase in accounts payable to governmental customs authorities. as a result of these "pass through" billings, the conventional days sales outstanding or dso calculation does not directly measure collection efficiency. for customers that meet certain criteria, the company has agreed to extend payment terms beyond its customary terms. management believes that the company has effective credit control procedures, and historically has experienced relatively insignificant collection problems.
the company's business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. cash flow fluctuates as a result of this seasonality. historically, the first quarter shows an excess of customer collections over customer billings. this results in positive cash flow. the increased activity associated with peak season (typically commencing late second or early third quarter and continuing well into the fourth quarter) causes an excess of customer billings over customer collections. this cyclical growth in customer receivables consumes available cash.
cash used by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $7 million, as compared with $79 million for 2014. the company received net proceeds from investments of $40 million in 2015 compared to net investments in short-term investments of $14 million in 2014. the company had capital expenditures of $44 million in 2015 as compared with $37 million in 2014. capital expenditures in 2015 related primarily to continuing investments in technology, office furniture and equipment and leasehold improvements. the company does have need, on occasion, to purchase buildings to house staff and to facilitate the staging of customers' freight. during the second quarter of 2014, the company deposited $27 million in an escrow account for an expected land acquisition. total anticipated capital expenditures in 2016 are currently estimated to be $100 million. this includes routine capital expenditures plus additional real estate development.
cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $635 million as compared with $606 million in 2014. the company uses the proceeds from stock option exercises, employee stock purchases and available cash to repurchase company common stock on the open market to limit the growth in issued and outstanding shares. during both 2015 and 2014, the company used cash to repurchase 13 million shares of common stock. during 2015 and 2014, the company paid dividends of $0.72 per share and $0.64 per share, respectively.
| 25.
the company has a non-discretionary stock repurchase plan to repurchase shares from the proceeds of stock option exercises. during 2015, the company repurchased 2,796,915 shares at an average price of $48.02 per share. the company also has a discretionary stock repurchase plan under which management is allowed to repurchase shares to reduce the issued and outstanding stock to 180 million shares of common stock. during 2015, the company repurchased 10,342,167 shares at an average price of $47.93 per share. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for cumulative repurchases under both repurchase plans.
the company follows established guidelines relating to credit quality, diversification and maturities of its investments to preserve principal and maintain liquidity. the company's investment portfolio has not been adversely impacted by the disruption in the credit markets. however, there can be no assurance that the company's investment portfolio will not be adversely affected in the future.
the company cannot predict what impact ongoing uncertainties in the global economy may have on its operating results, freight volumes, pricing, changes in consumer demand, carrier stability and capacity, customers' abilities to pay or on changes in competitors' behavior.
the company maintains international unsecured bank lines of credit. at december 31, 2015, the company was contingently liable for $76 million from standby letters of credit and guarantees. the standby letters of credit and guarantees relate to obligations of the company's foreign subsidiaries for credit extended in the ordinary course of business by direct carriers, primarily airlines, and for duty and tax deferrals available from governmental entities responsible for customs and value-added-tax (vat) taxation. the total underlying amounts due and payable for transportation and governmental excises are properly recorded as obligations in the books of the respective foreign subsidiaries, and there would be no need to record additional expense in the unlikely event the parent company is required to perform.
amount of commitment expiration per period in thousands                               totalamountscommitted         less than 1year              1 - 3years            3 - 5years         after 5 years standby letters of credit and guarantees   $75,788                       68,005                    6,059           72                          1,652
at december 31, 2015, the company's contractual obligations are as follows:
payments due by period in thousands                                                        total     less than1 year            1 - 3years            3 - 5years        after 5 years contractual obligations:
operating leases                                                 $130,838    47,113                  55,556                21,381                6,788
unconditional purchase obligations                                 69,926    69,926                       -                     -                -
construction, equipment and technology purchase obligations        27,308    13,744                   6,867                 6,697                -
total contractual cash obligations                               $228,072   130,783                  62,423                28,078                6,788
the company enters into short-term unconditional purchase obligations with asset-based providers reserving space on a guaranteed basis. the pricing of these obligations varies to some degree with market conditions. the company only enters into agreements that management believes the company can fulfill. historically, the company has met these obligations in the normal course of business. management believes, in line with historical experience, committed purchase obligations outstanding as of december 31, 2015 will be fulfilled during 2016 in the company's ordinary course of business.
the company's foreign subsidiaries regularly remit dividends to the u.s. parent company after evaluating their working capital requirements and needs to finance local capital expenditures. in some cases, the company's ability to repatriate funds from foreign operations may be subject to foreign exchange controls. at december 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalent balances of $536 million were held by the company's non-united states subsidiaries, of which $49 million was held in banks in the united states. earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries are not considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states and, accordingly, a deferred tax liability has been accrued for all undistributed earnings, net of foreign related tax credits, that are available to be repatriated.
impact of inflation to date, the company's business has not been adversely affected by inflation. direct carrier rate increases could occur over the short to medium-term period. due to the high degree of competition in the market place, these rate increases can lead to an erosion in the company's margins. as the company is not required to purchase or maintain extensive property and equipment and has not otherwise incurred substantial interest rate-sensitive indebtedness, the company currently has limited direct exposure to increased costs resulting from increases in interest rates.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, the company did not have any material off-balance-sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
